

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001019056-13-000446
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20121231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20130327
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20130327
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Feihe International Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000789868
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	DAIRY PRODUCTS [2020]
		IRS NUMBER:				870445575
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			UT
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32473
		FILM NUMBER:		13720234
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2275 HUNTINGTON DRIVE #278
		CITY:			SAN MARINO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91108
		BUSINESS PHONE:		626-757-8885
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2275 HUNTINGTON DRIVE #278
		CITY:			SAN MARINO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91108
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMERICAN DAIRY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20030514
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LAZARUS INDUSTRIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GASLIGHT INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19880421













     








 D.C. 20549





    
ANNUAL
    REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934



 2012



    
TRANSITION
    REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934






FEIHE INTERNATIONAL
 INC.

charter)



    
    

    
(I.R.S.
    Employer&nbsp;Identification No.)


Star City International Building
 10 Jiuxianqiao
Road
 C-16th&nbsp;Floor
Chaoyang District
 Beijing
 China 100016



 including
area code:&nbsp;


the Exchange Act:



    
    

    
New York Stock Exchange
 Inc.



the Exchange Act:&nbsp;&nbsp;None


if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;


if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;


whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;


whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect; 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;


if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to
the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of
this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;


whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of&nbsp;&rdquo;accelerated
filer and large accelerated filer&rdquo;&nbsp;in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):



Large
    accelerated filer &#9;
Accelerated
    filer 
Non-accelerated
    filer 
Smaller
    Reporting Company 



whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;


of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates&nbsp;of the registrant as of the last business&nbsp;day of the
registrant&rsquo;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter
 based upon the closing sale price of the registrant&rsquo;s common
stock on June 30
 2012&nbsp;as reported on the NYSE
 was approximately $78
765
000.


&nbsp;2013
&nbsp;there
were 19
784
291&nbsp;shares&nbsp;of the registrant&rsquo;s common stock outstanding.




incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement for the registrant&rsquo;s 2012 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered
by this Form 10-K.













    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
Market for the Registrant&rsquo;s Common Stock
 Related Shareholder Matters&nbsp;and
Issuer Repurchases of Equity Securities
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


In this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 references
to &ldquo;dollars&rdquo; and &ldquo;$&rdquo; are to United States dollars and
 unless the context otherwise requires
 references
to &ldquo;Feihe International
&rdquo; &ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us&rdquo; and &ldquo;our&rdquo; refer to Feihe International
 Inc.
and its consolidated subsidiaries.


    
    









milk powder
 soybean milk powder
 and related dairy products in the People&rsquo;s Republic of China
 or the PRC. Using proprietary
processing techniques
 we make products that are specially formulated for particular ages
 dietary needs and health concerns. We
have over 200 company-owned milk collection stations
 five production and distribution facilities with an aggregate milk powder
processing capacity of approximately 2
020 tons per day
 and an extensive distribution network that reaches over 100
000 retail
outlets throughout China.




December 31
 1985
 originally under the corporate name of Gaslight
 Inc. We were inactive until March 30
 1988
 when we changed
our corporate name to Lazarus Industries
 Inc. and engaged in the business of manufacturing and marketing medical devices. We discontinued
this business in 1991 and became a non-operating public company shell. Effective May 7
 2003
 we acquired 100% of the issued and
outstanding capital stock of American Flying Crane Corporation
 or AFC
 a Delaware corporation that operates a dairy business in
China through various subsidiaries. In connection with that acquisition
 we changed our name to American Dairy
 Inc. In October
2010
 we changed our name to Feihe International
 Inc.


 we own various subsidiaries in the PRC
that operate our business
 including:



    
    
Heilongjiang Feihe Dairy Co.
 Limited
 or Feihe Dairy
 which produces
 packages and distributes milk powder and other dairy products;

    
    
    

    
    
Gannan Flying Crane Dairy Products Co.
 Limited
 or Gannan Feihe
 which produces milk products;

    
    
    

    
    
    
and Commercial Co.
 Limited
 or Shanxi Feihe
 which produces walnut and soybean products;

    
    
    

    
    
Heilongjiang Aiyingquan International Trading Co.
 Limited
 or Aiyingquan
 which markets and distributes water and cheese
 specifically marketed for consumption by children;

    
    
    

    
    
Qiqihaer Feihe Soybean Co.
 Limited
 or Feihe Soybean
 which manufactures and distributes soybean products; and

    
    
    

    
    
Beijing Feihe Biotechnology Scientific and Commercial Co.
 Limited
 or Beijing Feihe
 which markets and distributes dairy products.



 we successfully deregistered our
PRC subsidiaries Heilongjiang Flying Crane Trading Co.
 Limited
 or Feihe Trading
 which distributed milk and soybean related products
and Baiquan Feihe Dairy Co.
 Limited
 or Baiquan Dairy
 which produced milk products. In November 2012
 we sold the land use rights
and fixed assets
 and then ceased the operations
 of Langfang Flying Crane Dairy Products Co.
 Limited
 or Langfang Feihe
 which
packaged and distributed finished products.


    
    



the Feihe International entities as at December 31
 2012:




pursuant to a former requirement under the PRC Company Law that certain PRC companies have at least two shareholders
 holds its
equity interest for the benefit of the majority shareholder.




 we received a preliminary
non-binding proposal from Mr. Leng You-Bin
 our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 and an affiliate of Morgan Stanley Private
Equity Asia
 or MSPEA
 the private equity arm of Morgan Stanley
 to acquire all of the outstanding shares of our common stock
not currently owned by Mr. Leng You-Bin (and possibly other rollover shareholders) in a going private transaction for $7.40 per
share of common stock in cash
 subject to certain conditions. Our Board of Directors has formed a special committee of independent
directors to consider the proposal
 which retained a financial advisor and legal counsel to assist it in this process. Upon
the unanimous recommendation of the special committee and unanimous approval of our Board of Directors

March 3
 2013
 we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger
 or the Merger Agreement
 which would effectuate the going private
proposal
 with Diamond Infant Formula Holding Limited
 or Holdco
 Platinum Infant Formula Holding Limited
 and a wholly owned
subsidiary of Holdco
 or Parent
 and Infant Formula Merger Sub Holding Inc.
 a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent
 or the Merger
Sub. Pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of the Merger Agreement
 Merger Sub would merge with and into
us
 and we would survive as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent and a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Holdco. In connection
with and at the effective time of the merger
 each share of our common stock that is outstanding immediately prior to the effective
time of the merger would be cancelled in consideration for the right to receive $7.40 in cash without interest
 except
for those shares beneficially owned by (i) Mr. Leng You-Bin
 Mr. Liu Sheng-Hui
 and Mr. Liu Hua
 who we refer to collectively
as the &ldquo;Rollover Holders
&rdquo; and (ii)&nbsp;Holdco
 Parent
 Merger Sub
 us or any subsidiary immediately prior to the
effective time of the merger
 which shares would be cancelled for no consideration at the effective time of the merger
subject to applicable dissenters rights. If the merger closes pursuant to the Merger Agreement
 we would cease to be listed on
the New York Stock Exchange
 or the NYSE

is subject to closing conditions
 including certain shareholder approvals
 and there can be no assurance that this or any other
transaction will be approved or consummated.


    
    





 we sold our prior subsidiaries

 Limited and Heilongjiang Feihe Gannan Feedlots Co.
 Limited
which we refer to collectively as the &ldquo;Dairy Farms.&rdquo; As a result
 they are accounted for as discontinued operations.

million in cash. The remaining purchase price is to be satisfied by the purchaser&rsquo;s delivery to us
 in six quarterly installments
of raw milk with an aggregate value of approximately $115.1 million from the Dairy Farms
 or the Supply Obligations. Concurrently
we entered into a raw milk exclusive supply agreement with the Dairy Farms and the purchaser
 pursuant to which the Dairy Farms
must satisfy the Supply Obligations by supplying to us raw milk valued at approximately $19.2 million during each quarter for a
period of 18 months following September 30
 2011. During this period
 the Dairy Farms have agreed to supply raw milk to us exclusively
until the quarterly quota amounts are delivered and for so long as we require additional supply. In the event the raw milk production
of the Dairy Farms is insufficient to fulfill such quarterly amounts
 the shortfall will be immediately payable to us in cash by
the Dairy Farms. The quality of the milk must meet governmental and our standards
 and we have the right to return any milk which
does not meet such standards. In addition
 we entered into an asset mortgage agreement with the Dairy Farms
 pursuant to which
the Dairy Farms granted us a primary security interest in certain properties and assets belonging to the Dairy Farms to secure
their obligations to us.


 2012
 we entered into a supplemental
agreement to rearrange the repayment schedule
 pursuant to which the purchaser has agreed to repay RMB200 million (approximately
$32.1 million) in April 2013 and that a residual amount of the purchase price would be paid by raw milk during the
three quarters ending December 31
 2013. If the total value of raw milk supplied to us is less than the residual
amount of the purchase price
 the purchaser has agreed to pay the shortfall to us in cash.




powder
 soybean powder
 rice cereal
 packed milk and walnut and other products.



into several sub-categories. We produce milk powder for infants and young children formulated for zero to six months
 six months
to one year
 one to three years and three to six years of age. We also produce milk powder for expectant mothers
 for students and
for the middle-aged and elderly populations. In addition
 we occasionally purchase semi-finished milk powder
 which we refer to
as &ldquo;raw milk powder
&rdquo; from third parties
 which we then process and distribute to beverage manufacturers and other
wholesalers for use in their blended drink products.



milk powders and represents a low fat
 high calcium alternative to milk powder
 particularly for seniors.



milk powders and represents a low fat
 high calcium alternative to milk powder
 particularly for young children
 teenagers
 and
seniors. We purchase semi-finished rice cereal from third parties
 process it
 and then distribute it to wholesalers and retailers.



the raw milk and add in different flavors. We then individually package and sell the product to primary schools and middle schools
for the consumption of their students.



market in conjunction with our infant milk powder
 as well as to health-conscious adults. Walnut products include walnut powder
and walnut oil. Other products include cream
 skim milk powder
 full milk powder
 butter
 cheese and other related milk powder
products and water and cheese marketed specifically for children.


    
    





principal products during the fiscal years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010:



    
    
    
    

Product
    name
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
21
309
248
359
    
20
577
217
506
    
    
30
853
    

    
1
688
6
165
    
16
079
62
749
    
(14
391
(56
584
    

    
1
290
3
445
    
3
641
6
760
    
(2
351
(3
315
    

    
    
3
137
    
    
3
613
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
2
536
3
893
    
    
    
    
2
536
3
893
    

    
    
2
792
    
    
1
507
    
    
1
285
    

    
27
679
267
851
    
41
314
292
935
    
(13
635
(25
084
    




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
20
577
217
506
    
22
690
180
217
    
(2
113
37
289
    

    
16
079
62
749
    
15
691
57
752
    
    
4
997
    

    
3
641
6
760
    
4
917
10
812
    
(1
276
(4
052
    

    
    
3
613
    
    
4
040
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
1
511
    
    
    
    

    
    
1
507
    
    
2
282
    
    
    
    

    
41
314
292
935
    
44
436
256
614
    
(3
122
36
321
    





small dairy farmers that have provided us access to over 200
000 cows that provide milk to our over 200 company-owned milk
collection stations. On average
 each cow provides four tons of milk per year
 which farmers deliver to our milk collection
stations. In addition
 we have steady milk supply arrangements with our former Dairy Farms described under
&ldquo;&ndash;  Discontinued Operations&rdquo; and we purchase raw milk from 4 dairy farms in Kedong and Gannan which in
total control over 32
200 cows.




 through purchasing raw milk
locally and employing minimal processing techniques
 we are able to preserve the fresh taste of milk. The industry standard for
the time it takes for raw milk to be converted to milk powder is approximately 48 hours. Many large regional dairies
 we believe
process raw milk that may be three to four days old. Milk processed by conventional farms for sale to regional dairies is typically
stored at the farm for a minimum of two days
 commonly spends a full day in transit to the dairy facility
 and is processed the
following day.


 our standard is to process the raw
milk within 6-24 hours after milking
 depending upon the time of day the raw milk is delivered to us. Within this time
 the milk
is chilled
 transported
 separated
 sterilized and spray-dried. The raw milk is first received from milk collection centers or
from the Dairy Farms. Fully enclosed
 stainless-steel vacuum milking machines are used to receive the raw milk. Once received
the raw milk will no longer have any contact with air and is immediately processed with refrigeration equipment that cools the
raw milk within four seconds to approximately zero to four degrees Celsius. The raw milk is then stored in air-tight tanks in preparation
for advanced processes
 which include milk fat separation
 sterilization and spray-drying.


    
    



During homogenization
 pressurized milk is forced through openings smaller than the size of the fat globules present in milk
 breaking
them into smaller particles. Thus treated
 the milk fat remains suspended and does not separate out in the form of cream. We believe
that this process adversely affects the taste and feel of milk. In addition
 our milk is pasteurized at the lowest temperatures
allowed by law to avoid imparting a cooked flavor to the milk. When the milk is clarified and the butterfat removed to yield cream
and skim milk
 a process of cold separation is used
 rather than the more commonly employed hot separation
 which we believe adversely
affects the flavor of the milk.




minimal processing techniques to maintain freshness and allow maximum flavor and nutrition retention. They are made with wholesome
ingredients and&nbsp;no chemicals or additives are employed. Our dairy products arrive to consumers in our marketing area sooner
after production than most other dairy products because they are produced locally. To assure product quality
 the beginning of
each production run is sampled for flavor
 aroma
 texture and appearance. In addition
 inspectors routinely sample for bacteria
and butterfat content in our products
 and check the sanitary conditions in our facilities.




dairy products. We apply a 25-step quality control process that involves approximately 130 points of testing from the feed for
the dairy cows
 throughout our manufacturing process
 and extending to semi-finished products
 which we purchase from third parties
for further processing
 and finished products.


comply with pharmaceutical good manufacturing practice
 or GMP
 standards
 a higher level of quality control than required for
consumer goods manufacturing facilities. Since 2000
 our production facilities have obtained ISO 9002 and HACCP quality assurance
certifications
 as well as quality certifications from the PRC regulatory authorities. Our processing equipment is manufactured
by well-known European manufacturing companies. We use whole-sealing and mechanized vacuum milk-pressing devices with freezing
equipment for each milk station
 which allows us to reduce the temperature of raw milk to zero to four degrees Celsius within seconds
for storage. Our equipment also eliminates external air contact from the time milk is collected through the time that it is fully
processed. We employ automated processes and scientific parameters throughout the manufacturing process that are designed to ensure
that all products meet our quality requirements. We have in-house laboratories that utilize proprietary in-line sampling techniques
to ensure the quality and safety of the entire production process
 from raw materials to semi-finished products to finished products.
We believe that our rigorous testing and inspection procedures have been critical in ensuring that our products are free from melamine
and other contaminants
 are premium quality products and are safe and healthy for customers.




and packaging facilities. The production facilities we have constructed comply with pharmaceutical GMP standards
 a higher level
of quality control than required for consumer goods manufacturing facilities. Since 2000
 our production facilities have obtained
ISO 9002 and HACCP quality assurance certifications
 as well as quality certifications from the PRC regulatory authorities. In
March 2011
 we successfully renewed our manufacturing licenses with Heilongjiang and Hebei Bureau of Quality and Technical Supervision
and the licenses&rsquo; term of validity was 3 years. The renewal permit was granted pursuant to regulatory measures introduced
in 2010 by China&rsquo;s General Administration of Quality Supervision
 Inspection and Quarantine
 or AQSIQ
 which in 2011 revoked
the licenses of approximately 40% of China&rsquo;s dairy facilities. We believe that our design standards help us assure our product
quality. We believe that we are one of the few PRC milk producers that have processing areas that meet a 300
000 cleanliness purification
standard
 which means that there are less than 300
000 dust particles per cubic centimeter of air. In a standard room
 dust particles
can reach over two million dust particles per cubic centimeter of air. Continuing our commitment to quality
 we have also added
testing equipment and other quality control procedures to our processing equipment manufactured by known European and American
manufacturing companies.



 Heilongjiang Province
 China
the Feihe Dairy premises are approximately 88
221 square meters. The plant is approximately 12 years old
 although it was completely
remodeled in 2005. Feihe Dairy principally produces infant milk formula and has a processing capacity of 550 tons per day of raw
milk. In addition
 Feihe Dairy serves as a packaging facility and packages approximately 22
000 tons of products per year.


    
    




 Heilongjiang Province
 China
the Gannan Feihe premises are approximately 300
000 square meters. The original plant is approximately 7 years old and commenced
milk powder production in 2008. In 2011
 we completed an expansion of the plant
 which we refer to as &ldquo;Phase II&rdquo;. Gannan
Feihe principally produces infant milk formula and has a processing capacity of approximately 1
000 tons per day of raw milk
 including
the 700 tons per day added by Phase II. In November 2012
 Langfang Feihe transferred its packaging facility to Gannan Feihe
 which
packages approximately 50
000 tons of products per year.



 Shanxi Province
 China
the Shanxi Feihe premises are approximately 40
000 square meters. The plant is approximately 9 years old. Shanxi Feihe principally
produces soybean powder
 walnut powder and walnut oil and has a production capacity of approximately 5
000 tons per year of soybean
powder and walnut powder combined
 and 1
000 tons per year of walnut oil.



 Heilongjiang Province
China
 the Qiqihaer Feihe
 a branch of Feihe Dairy
 premises are approximately 90
000 square meters. The plant is approximately
8 years old. Qiqihaer Feihe principally produces infant milk formula and adult milk formula and has a processing capacity of approximately
270 tons per day of raw milk. Qiqihaer Feihe also produces butter and has a production capacity of approximately 15 tons per day.



 Heilongjiang Province
China
 the Longjiang Feihe
 a branch of Gannan Feihe
 premises are approximately 29
690 square meters. The plant is approximately
22 years old. In 2011
 we started an expansion of plant with a processing capacity of approximately 900 tons per day of raw milk.
This facility is currently under construction
 which we expect to be completed in July 2013. Longjiang Feihe has a processing
capacity of approximately 200 tons per day of raw milk.&nbsp;


 we closed the business of Baiquan
Dairy
 which produced milk products
 and Feihe Trading
 which distributed milk and soybean related products. In November 2012
we sold the land use rights and fixed assets
 and then ceased the operations
 of Langfang Feihe
 which packaged and distributed
finished products.


and packaging facilities material to our ongoing operations.



    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
22
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
1
000&nbsp;(tons/day)
    
50
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
5
000&nbsp;(tons
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
1
000&nbsp;(tons
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





for delivery to Feihe Dairy. We then distribute these raw materials to our facilities as necessary.


    
    





 our products are sold in stores
nationwide throughout China
 except in Hong Kong SAR
 Macau SAR and Taiwan. Prior to distribution
 we route our products to Feihe
Dairy and Gannan Feihe for final packaging. Feihe Dairy then distributes our finished products primarily in northeastern China
including Heilongjiang
 Jilin and Liaoning Provinces. We have a distribution team based in our corporate headquarters that coordinates
with a network of over 600 dealers or representatives in key provinces across China. The dealers
 in turn
 each typically hire
one or two secondary agents who assist in the distribution process
 including inventory management
 product sales
 customer service
and payments. Dealer agents display and sell our products in specially designated areas in stores. In 2010
 we established
a system to monitor distributor inventory levels and cross-territory selling activity.


 we deliver our products only after
receipt of payment from the dealer. We typically enter into new agreements with our dealers each year that specify sales targets
and territories
 among other provisions. We seek to expand the number of key provinces served by our dealer network as part of
our growth strategy and ultimately to establish a distribution system based upon local production at local dairies. We currently
distribute our products through an extensive distribution network that reaches over 100
000 retail outlets throughout China.




of our sales during the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 or 2010.




agreements to protect our proprietary product formulations and production processes. We have obtained trademark registrations for
the use of our trade name &ldquo;Feihe
&rdquo; as well as our &ldquo;Xingfeifan
&rdquo; &ldquo;Feifan
&rdquo; &ldquo;Super Feifan
&rdquo;
&ldquo;Feihui
&rdquo; &ldquo;Feirui
&rdquo; &ldquo;Feiyue
&rdquo; and &ldquo;Beidiqi&rdquo; Chinese brands and our &ldquo;Firmus
&rdquo;
&ldquo;Astrobaby&rdquo; and &ldquo;Babyrich&rdquo; English brand names
 which have been registered with the PRC Trademark Bureau
of the State Administration for Industry and Commerce with respect to our milk products. We have obtained trademark registrations
for the use of our trade name &ldquo;Feihe&rdquo; and &ldquo;Firmus
&rdquo; which have been registered with the United States Patent
and Trademark Office. We believe our trademarks are important to the establishment of consumer recognition of our products. However
due to uncertainties in PRC trademark law
 the protection afforded by our trademarks may be less than we currently expect and may
in fact
 be insufficient. In the event any of our trademarks are challenged or infringed
 we may not have the financial resources
to defend against the challenge or infringement and such defense could in any event be unsuccessful. Moreover
 any events or conditions
that negatively impact our trademark could have a material adverse effect on our business
 operations and finances.




 2013
 we had seven
technicians engaged in research and development activities. These technicians monitor quality control at our production facilities
to ensure that the processing
 packaging and distribution of our milk products result in high quality premium milk products that
are safe and healthy for customers. These technicians also pursue methods and techniques to improve the taste and quality of our
milk products and to evaluate new milk products for further production based upon changes in consumer tastes
 trends and the introduction
of competitive products by other milk producers.


2012
 2011 and 2010
 we incurred approximately $141
000
 $171
000 and $169
000
 respectively
 on research and development
 representing
amounts paid in compensation to our technicians described above.




China
 particularly the market for high quality infant milk formula and other dairy products
 is growing. Our growth strategy involves
increasing market share during this growth phase. To implement this strategy
 we plan to:



    
    
. We plan to focus on improving sales at existing sales points
 leveraging our extensive distribution network to generate revenues in a cost-effective manner. Our distribution network has grown in first-tier markets in the PRC
 including Beijing
 Shanghai
 Guangzhou
 Shenzhen and other major second and third-tier cities in the Pearl River Delta. Our extensive distribution network
 which reaches many provincial capital and sub-provincial cities
 has special channels into first-tier markets that we plan to expand. We believe that improving our distribution logistics in our network is an important driver of our gross margins.



    
    




    
    

Strengthen our premium quality
. We believe that our products enjoy a reputation for high quality among those familiar with them
 and
our products routinely pass government and internal quality inspections. We have increased our advertising expenses and plan to
continue advertising on influential provincial stations in China
 in order to market our products as premium and super-premium
products. We believe many consumers in China tend to regard higher prices as indicative of higher quality and higher nutritional
value
 and as a result consumers with higher disposable incomes are increasingly inclined to purchase higher priced products
particularly in the areas of infant formula and nutritional products. In addition
 we believe that opportunistic product marketing
and distribution
 such as with our recent packed milk sales activities in primary and middle schools
 will reinforce our brand
and reputation.

    
    
    

    
    
Align sourcing
 production and distribution by region

    
    
    

    
    
. We believe we can maintain our production of high quality dairy products by continuing to source high quality milk through exclusive contracts with the Dairy Farms and other dairy farmers
 expanding our company-owned collection stations and production facilities
 and continuing to employ comprehensive testing and quality control measures.





We face significant competition from large multinational producers
 such as Dumex
 Mead Johnson
 Abbott and Wyeth
 and large national
milk companies
 such as Yili
 Beingmate
 Synutra and Yashili
 particularly in more affluent major urban areas. Many of our competitors
have greater resources and sell more products than we do. We believe that our competitive position has improved following the melamine
crisis in 2008
 which did not involve any of our products. We also believe our competitive position has improved in light of AQSIQ
revoking the license in 2012 of approximately 40% of China&rsquo;s dairy facilities
 although we believe many such facilities had
significantly smaller operations than we do. Our products are positioned as premium products and
 accordingly
 are generally priced
higher than many similar competitive products. We believe that the principal competitive factors in marketing our products are
quality
 taste
 freshness
 price and product recognition. While we believe that we compete favorably in terms of quality
 taste
and freshness
 our products are more expensive and less well known than certain other established brands. Our premium products
may also be considered in competition with non-premium quality dairy products for discretionary food dollars.




 provincial
and local laws in China. The following information summarizes aspects of those regulations that apply to us and is qualified in
its entirety by reference to all particular statutory or regulatory provisions. Regulations at the national
 provincial and local
levels in China are subject to change. To date
 compliance with governmental regulations has not had a material impact on our level
of capital expenditures
 earnings or competitive position
 but
 because of the evolving nature of such regulations
 we are unable
to predict the impact such regulations may have in the foreseeable future.


products
 and particularly dairy-based food products in China
 we are subject to the regulations of China&rsquo;s Agricultural
Ministry and Ministry of Health. This regulatory scheme governs the manufacture (including composition and ingredients)
 labeling
packaging and safety of food. Specific PRC laws and regulations we face include:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
the Whole Milk Powder
 Skimmed Milk Powder
 Sweetened Whole Milk Powder and Flavored Milk Powder Standards; and

    
    
    

    
    
    



and local regulations through such measures as the licensing of dairy manufacturing facilities
 enforcement of standards for our
products
 inspection of our facilities and regulation of our trade practices in connection with the sale of dairy products.


 the PRC National Development
and Reform Commission
 or the NDRC
 promulgated the Access Conditions for Dairy Products Processing Industry
 or the Access Conditions.
The Access Conditions set forth the conditions an entity must satisfy in order to engage
 or continue to engage
 in the dairy products
processing business in China
 including technique and equipment
 product quality
 energy and water consumption
 sanitation and
environmental protection
 as well as production safety. Any new or continuing dairy products processing projects or enterprises
will be required to meet all the conditions and requirements set forth in the Access Conditions. For projects or enterprises that
already commenced operations before the promulgation of the Access Conditions
 improvements or rectification actions may need to
be taken in order to have such projects or enterprises meet the conditions within two years of the effective date of the Access
Conditions on April 1
 2010.


relating to the location
 processing capacity and raw milk source for any new or continuing dairy products processing project or
enterprise. Any new or continuing dairy processing projects or enterprises that fail to meet the requirements will not be able
to procure land
 license
 permits
 loan facilities and electricity necessary for the processing of dairy products
 and those projects
or enterprises already in operation before the promulgation of the Access Conditions will be deregistered and ordered to shut down
if they fail to meet the conditions within a two-year rectification period.


 the NDRC issued the Dairy Industry
Policies
 or the Policies. According to the PRC government
 the Policies are the first set of comprehensive government policies
on the dairy industry in China
 covering a broad range of matters such as industry planning
 closure of inefficient capacity
 milk
supply
 quality control and product safety
 environmental protection and promotion of milk consumption. Moreover
 the Policies
provide conditions that new entrants to the dairy industry must meet in addition to the conditions set forth in the Access Conditions.


 PRC governmental
authorities have conducted several dairy industry inspections. In addition to the initial 22 companies implicated in the melamine
crisis
 these subsequent government inspections have identified other companies with unacceptable contaminants in dairy products.
The melamine crisis did not involve any of our products
 and we have passed all of these government inspections. In addition
 we
have worked with the PRC government and attended several emergency meetings to discuss ways to improve the dairy and overall food
industry in China.


    
    



 AQSIQ announced a nationwide renewal
inspection for all infant formula manufacturing facilities in China. AQSIQ has announced that approximately 40% of China&rsquo;s
dairy facilities had their licenses revoked in 2012. In March 2011
 we successfully renewed our manufacturing license and the licenses&rsquo;
term of validity was 3 years.




various pollution control regulations with respect to noise
 water and air pollution and the disposal of waste and hazardous materials.
We are also subject to periodic inspections by local environmental protection authorities. Our operating subsidiaries have received
certifications from the relevant PRC government agencies in charge of environmental protection indicating that their business operations
are in material compliance with the relevant PRC environmental laws and regulations. We are not currently subject to any pending
actions alleging any violations of applicable PRC environmental laws.




 2013
 we had approximately
1
932 employees on our payroll. We had 7 group administrators
 approximately 535 employees were in marketing and sales
 approximately&nbsp;70
employees provided marketing support
&nbsp;approximately 159 employees were performing administrative functions
 including financing
auditing and human resources
 approximately 1
161 employees were in production
 storage and distribution and 7 employees
were in research and development functions. Our employees are not represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining
agreement. We have not experienced any work stoppages. We believe that our relations with our employees are good.

Financial Information about Segments and
Geographic Areas


 2011
 we had two reportable
segments: dairy products and dairy farms. The dairy products segment produces and sells dairy products
 such as wholesale and retail
milk powders as well as soybean powder
 rice cereal
 walnut powder and walnut oil. In October 2011
 we sold the Dairy Farms we
previously operated. As of December 31
 2012
 we only operate our dairy products segment. See &ldquo;-Discontinued Operations.&rdquo;
As we primarily generate our revenues from customers in the PRC
 no geographical segments are presented.



.
We provide free access to various reports that we file with
 or furnish to
 the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
 or the
SEC
 through our website
 as soon as reasonably practicable after they have been filed or furnished. These reports include
 but
are not limited to
 our annual reports on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K
 and any amendments
to those reports. Also available on our website are printable versions of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and charters
of our Audit Committee
 Compensation Committee
 Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee and other committees of our board of
directors. Information on our website does not constitute part of and is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report
on Form 10-K or any other report we file or furnish with the SEC. Our SEC reports can also be accessed through the SEC&rsquo;s
 and may be read or copied at the SEC&rsquo;s Public Reference Room located at 100 F Street
 NE
 Washington
D.C.
 20549. Information regarding the Public Reference Room may be obtained by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330.




are not purely historical are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section&nbsp;21E of the Exchange Act
 and Section&nbsp;27A
of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 or the Securities Act. These statements include
 but are not limited to
 statements
about our plans
 objectives
 expectations
 strategies
 intentions or other characterizations of future events or circumstances
and are generally identified by the words &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;expects
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipates
&rdquo; &ldquo;intends
&rdquo;
&ldquo;plans
&rdquo; &ldquo;believes
&rdquo; &ldquo;seeks
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimates
&rdquo; &ldquo;could
&rdquo; &ldquo;would
&rdquo;
and similar expressions. Because these forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties
 our actual
results could differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or
contribute to such differences include
 but are not limited to
 those discussed under the heading &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; and
in other documents we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All forward-looking statements included
in this report are based on information available to us on the date hereof. Our business and the associated risks may have changed
since the date this report was originally filed with the SEC. We assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements.


    
    





degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risk factors and all other information contained in this report before
purchasing our common stock. If any of the following events were to occur
 our business
 financial condition or results of operations
could be materially and adversely affected. In these circumstances
 the market price of our common stock could decline
 and you
could lose some or all of your investment. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently believe
to be immaterial could also materially and adversely affect our business
 financial condition
 operating results and/or cash flow.

Any negative public perception regarding
our products or industry
 or any ill effects or product liability claims
 could harm our reputation
 damage our brand
 result in
costly and damaging recalls
 and expose us to government investigations and sanctions
 which would materially and adversely affect
our results of operations.


 which
involves risks such as product contamination
 spoilage and tampering. In 2008
 sales in China of substandard milk formula contaminated
with a substance known as melamine caused the death of six infants as well as illness of nearly 300
000 others. In 2010
 2011 and
2012
 new incidents of substandard milk formula contaminated with melamine and hydrolyzed leather protein also occurred in China.
Although our products were not involved in these incidents
 AQSIQ found that the products of at least 22 Chinese milk and formula
producers were contaminated by melamine
 a substance not approved for use in food
 which caused significant negative publicity
for the entire dairy industry in China. Furthermore
 in 2010 there were widely publicized claims that certain Chinese infant formula
products were linked to precocious puberty in female infants. While governmental authorities concluded these claims were false
the operations of the companies involved were adversely effected. The mere publication of information asserting that our milk powder
infant formula or other products contain melamine or other contaminants or have harmful health effects could have a material adverse
effect on us
 regardless of whether these reports are scientifically supported or concern our products or the raw materials used
in our products. In addition
 if the consumption of any of our products causes injury
 illness or death
 we may face product liability
claims
 product recalls
 temporary or permanent suspensions of operations
 government investigations or sanctions
 any of which
could be extremely expensive and damaging to our business.


there were also widely publicized occurrences of counterfeit
 substandard milk products in China. For example
 in April 2004
 such
sales of counterfeit and substandard infant formula in Anhui Province
 China caused the deaths of 13 infants and harmed many others.
Counterfeiting or imitation of our products may occur in the future
 and we may not be able to detect it and deal with it effectively.
Any occurrence of counterfeiting or imitation could negatively impact our corporate brand and image or consumers&rsquo; perception
of our products or similar nutritional products generally
 particularly if the counterfeit or imitation products cause injury or
death to consumers.




in northern
 central
 and eastern China. Achieving market acceptance for our products
 particularly in new markets
 will require
substantial marketing efforts and the expenditure of significant funds. There is substantial risk that any new markets may not
accept or be as receptive to our products. In addition
 we market our products as premium and super-premium products and have adopted
a corresponding pricing model
 which may not be accepted in new or existing markets. Market acceptance of our current and proposed
products will depend
 in large part
 upon our ability to inform potential customers that the distinctive characteristics of our
products make them superior to competitive products and justify their pricing. Our current and proposed products may not be accepted
by consumers or able to compete effectively against other premium or non-premium dairy products. Lack of market acceptance would
limit our revenues.


    
    


Our planned growth may require more raw
milk than is available and could diminish the quality of our dairy products.


Our growth will be limited if the supply of raw milk is insufficient to meet demand. Moreover
 as we attempt to implement our growth
strategy
 it may become difficult to maintain current levels of quality control. Inadequate quality control could harm our reputation
and the demand for our products
 which would also limit our growth. A significant amount of the raw milk used in our products is
supplied to us by numerous local farms under output contracts. We believe that our farmers can increase their production of raw
milk. We further believe
 however
 that this supply may not be sufficient to meet increased demand for our products associated
with our proposed marketing efforts and that such increase may compromise quality. Though we believe that additional raw milk is
available locally
 if needed
 we may not be able to enter into arrangements with the producers of such milk on terms acceptable
to us
 if at all. Our efforts to source milk through the Dairy Farms are new
 may involve unforeseen difficulties
 and may not
supply the quantity of raw milk we need to maintain and expand our levels of production. An inadequate supply of raw milk
 coupled
with concern over quality control
 could increase costs for raw milk or decrease the sales price for our products
 which could
limit our ability to grow
 cause our earnings to decline and make our business unable to become profitable.

We may not consummate the transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement or may suffer adverse effects in our efforts to close the transactions it contemplates.

On March 3
 2013
we entered into the Merger Agreement to effectuate a going private proposal. Pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions
of the Merger Agreement
 Merger Sub would merge with and into us
 and we would survive as a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Parent and a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Holdco. In connection with and at the effective time of the merger
 each share
of our common stock that is outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger would be cancelled in consideration
for the right to receive $7.40 in cash without interest
 except for those shares beneficially owned by the Rollover Shareholders
Holdco
 Parent
 Merger Sub
 us or any subsidiary immediately prior to the effective time of the merger
 which shares would be cancelled
for no consideration at the effective time of the merger

contains several closing conditions
 including certain shareholder approvals and other covenants that may be difficult to perform
and confers certain termination rights. There can be no assurance that this or any other transaction will be approved or consummated
on a timely basis
 or at all.


 our efforts to close the transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement may have any number of adverse effects on us
 whether or not the transactions close
 including:


our announcement or the pendency of the merger may adversely impact our business relationships
operating results and business generally;







we may incur substantial amounts of costs
 fees
 expenses and charges
                        related to the merger and the actual terms of the financing that will be obtained for the merger; and



we may face heightened risks of litigation
 regulatory proceedings or enforcement matters that
may be instituted against us and others relating to the merger.

The recent global economic and financial
market crisis could significantly impact our financial condition.


a negative effect on our business and results of operations. Economic activity in China
 the United States
 Europe and much of
the world has undergone significant economic downturns following the housing crisis in the real estate and credit markets in both
the United States and Europe
 as well as natural disasters and related concerns in Asia. Market disruptions have included extreme
volatility in securities prices
 as well as severely diminished liquidity and credit availability. The economic crisis may adversely
affect us in a variety of ways. Access to lines of credit or the capital markets may be severely restricted
 which may preclude
us from raising funds required for operations and to fund continued expansion. It may be more difficult for us to complete strategic
transactions with third parties. The financial and credit market turmoil could also negatively impact our suppliers and customers
which could decrease our ability to source
 produce and distribute our products and could decrease demand for our products. While
it is not possible to predict with certainty the duration or severity of the current disruption in financial and credit markets
if economic conditions worsen
 it is possible these factors could significantly impact our financial condition.

Our results of operations may be affected
by fluctuations in availability and price of raw materials.


fluctuations due to various factors beyond our control
 including
 among other pertinent factors:


    
    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
seasonal factors
 with dairy cows generally producing more milk in temperate weather as opposed to cold or hot weather and extended unseasonably cold or hot weather potentially leading to lower than expected production;

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



 our external raw milk unit purchase
cost increased by approximately 6% in 2012 due to various factors
 including
 we believe
 general economic conditions
 such as
inflation and fuel prices
 and&nbsp;rising production costs due to various other factors
 including increased competition abroad
and currency appreciation. We also expect that our raw material prices will continue to fluctuate and be affected by all of these
factors in the future. Changes to our raw materials prices may result in increases in production and packaging costs
 and we may
be unable to raise the prices of our products to offset such increases in the short term or at all. As a result
 our results of
operations may be materially and adversely affected.


    
    


We are subject to public company reporting
and other requirements for which we will incur substantial costs and our accounting and other management systems and resources
may not be adequately prepared.


 accounting
 insurance
and other expenses as a result of being a public company. For example
 laws and regulations affecting public companies
 including
the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 or SOX
 and rules related to corporate governance and other matters subsequently
adopted by the SEC and the NYSE result in substantial costs to us
 including legal and accounting
costs
 and may divert our management&rsquo;s attention from other matters that are important to our business.

We have historically identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. If we fail to remediate the material weaknesses or maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting
 we may be unable to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud
 and investor confidence and the market price of our shares may be adversely affected.


We and our independent registered public accounting firm
 in connection with the audit of internal control over financial
                                                                                        reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2012
 have identified the
                                                                                        following material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting:  There was insufficient accounting personnel
                                                                                        with appropriate knowledge of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 or U.S. GAAP. We
                                                                                        identified the same material weakness as of December 31
 2011 and similar material weaknesses in prior years. A material
                                                                                        weakness is a deficiency
 or a combination of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial reporting
 such that there is
                                                                                        a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company's annual or interim financial statements will not be
                                                                                        prevented or detected on a timely basis. We have taken measures and plan to continue to take measures to remedy this material
                                                                                        weakness. However
 the implementation of these measures may not fully address the material weakness in our internal control
                                                                                        over financial reporting. Our failure to address any control deficiency could result in inaccuracies in our financial
                                                                                        statements and could also impair our ability to comply with applicable financial reporting requirements and related
                                                                                        regulatory filings on a timely basis. Moreover
 effective internal control over financial reporting is important to prevent
                                                                                        fraud. As a result
 our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and prospects
 as well as the trading price of
                                                                                        our shares
 may be materially and adversely affected.

We significantly depend on our management
team.


for an important aspect of our operations. In addition
 we rely on management and senior personnel to ensure that our sourcing
production
 sales
 distribution and other business functions are effective. Losing the services of our executive officers or key
personnel could be detrimental to our operations. We do not have key-man life insurance for any of our executive officers or other
employees.

Investors may not be able to enforce
judgments entered by United States courts against certain of our officers and directors.


a majority of our directors and executive officers
 and certain of our principal shareholders
 live outside of the U.S.
 principally
in China. In addition
 substantially all of our assets are located outside of the U.S. As a result
 you may not be able to effect
service of process upon those persons within the U.S. or enforce against those persons judgments obtained in U.S. courts.

We face substantial competition in connection
with the marketing and sale of our products.


dairy brands as well as less expensive
 non-premium brands. Our products face competition from non-premium producers distributing
in our marketing area and other producers packaging their products in our marketing area. Many of our competitors are well established
have greater financial
 marketing
 personnel and other resources
 have more established distribution channels into major markets
and have products that have gained wide customer acceptance in the marketplace. Our largest competitors are multi-national dairy
companies owned by the government of China. The greater financial resources of such competitors will permit them to procure retail
store shelf space and to implement extensive marketing and promotional programs
 both generally and in direct response to advertising
efforts by us. The dairy industry in China is also characterized by the frequent introduction of new products
 accompanied by substantial
promotional campaigns
 such as large discounts to distributors. In addition
 distributors in China often engage in cross-territory
selling activities
 which involve their diversion of products into different geographic regions
 which can disrupt the price of
our products and adversely impact our revenues. We may be unable to compete successfully&nbsp;with our competitors in some or all
of our markets
 and our competitors may develop products which have superior qualities or gain wider market acceptance than ours.


    
    


We may incur costs related to
expansion into new plants and ventures
 which may not prove to be profitable. Moreover
 any delays in our expansion plans could
adversely impact our results of operations and jeopardize our business.


and may in the future involve acquisitions and construction of milk production facilities. Our cost estimates and projected
completion dates for construction of new production facilities may change significantly as the projects progress. In addition
projects could entail significant construction risks
 including shortages of materials or skilled labor
 unforeseen environmental
or engineering problems
 weather interferences
 unanticipated cost increases or budgetary constraints
 any of which could
have a material adverse effect on the projects and could delay their scheduled openings. A delay in scheduled openings of production
facilities could delay our receipt of sales revenues from such facilities
 which
 when coupled with the increased costs and expenses
of our expansion
 could prevent us from becoming profitable.


 develop
 and expand our
production facilities could be subject to the many risks inherent in the rapid expansion of a high growth business enterprise
including unanticipated design
 construction
 regulatory and operating problems
 and the significant risks commonly associated
with implementing a marketing strategy in changing and expanding markets. These projects may not become operational within their
estimated time frames and budgets as projected at the time we enter into a particular agreement
 or at all. In addition
 we may
develop projects as joint ventures in an effort to reduce our financial commitment to individual projects. The significant expenditures
required to expand our production plants may not ultimately prove to be profitable.


we will be required to add and train personnel
 expand our management information systems and control expenses. If we do not successfully
address our increased management needs or are otherwise unable to manage our growth effectively
 our operating results could be
materially and adversely affected.

We face the potential risk of product
liability associated with food products.


with the sale and consumption of dairy products and other products should the consumption of such products cause injury
 illness
or death. Such risks may be particularly great in a company undergoing rapid and significant growth. The successful assertion of
product liability claims against us could result in potentially significant monetary damages
 divert management resources and require
us to make significant payments and incur substantial legal expenses. We do not currently maintain product liability insurance.
Any insurance that we may obtain in the future may be insufficient to cover potential claims or the level of insurance coverage
needed may be unavailable at a reasonable cost. Even if a product liability claim is not successfully pursued to judgment by a
claimant
 we may still incur substantial legal expenses defending against such a claim and our brand image and reputation would
suffer. Finally
 serious product quality concerns could result in governmental action against us
 which
 among other things
 could
result in mandatory recalls of our products
 the suspension of production or distribution of our products
 loss of certain licenses
or other governmental penalties
 including possible criminal liability.

Doing business in China involves various
political and economic risks.


and generate most of our revenue in China. Accordingly
 our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and prospects
are affected significantly by economic
 political and legal developments in China. China&rsquo;s economy differs from the economies
of most developed countries in many respects
 including:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



from a planned economy to a more market-oriented economy
 the government of China has implemented various measures to encourage
economic growth and guide the allocation of resources. While these measures may benefit the overall economy of China
 they may
also have a negative effect on us.


years implemented measures emphasizing the utilization of market forces for economic reform
 the PRC government continues to exercise
significant control over economic growth in China through the allocation of resources
 controlling payment of foreign currency-denominated
obligations
 setting monetary policy and imposing policies that impact particular industries or companies in different ways. Any
adverse change in the economic conditions or government conditions or government policies in China could have a material adverse
effect on the overall economic growth and the level of consumer spending in China
 which in turn could lead to a reduction in demand
for our products and consequently have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects.&nbsp;


    
    


Extensive regulation of the food processing
and distribution industry in China could increase our expenses and make us unable to become profitable.


Agricultural Ministry
 Ministry of Health and by other provincial and local authorities in jurisdictions in which our products
are processed or sold
 regarding the processing
 packaging
 storage
 distribution and labeling of our products. For instance
 in
June 2009
 regulatory requirements became effective in China requiring new package labeling for dairy products
 which we believe
impacted our sales cycles during the three months ended June 30
 2009. Additional labeling requirements became effective in June
2010 for all dairy products. Such requirements may have rapid implementation dates
 require significant planning or expense
 and
have an adverse impact on our sales
 inventory levels
 or packing and distribution.


our products may include nutritional labeling
 product standardization requirements and serving size requirements. Our processing
facilities and products are subject to periodic inspection by national
 provincial and local authorities. For instance
 in 2010
AQSIQ announced a nationwide renewal inspection for all infant manufacturing facilities. In March 2011
 we successfully renewed
our manufacturing license and the licenses&rsquo; term of validity was 3 years
 although in 2011 approximately 40% of PRC dairy
facilities did not. We may fall out of substantial compliance with current laws and regulations or may be unable to comply with
any future laws and regulations. To the extent that new regulations are adopted
 we will be required
 possibly at considerable
expense
 to adjust our activities in order to comply with such regulations. Our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations
could subject us to civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions
 recalls or seizures
 as well as potential criminal sanctions
which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 operations and finances.

Regulations affecting acquisitions of
PRC companies by foreign entities may make it more difficult for us to complete acquisitions and grow our business.


 the PRC State Administration of Foreign
Exchange
 or SAFE
 issued a public notice
 known as &ldquo;Circular 75
&rdquo; concerning the application of foreign exchange regulations
to mergers and acquisitions involving foreign investment in China. Among other things
 the public notice provides that if an offshore
company controlled by PRC residents intends to acquire a PRC company
 such acquisition will be subject to strict examination by
the relevant foreign exchange authorities. Under Circular 75
 if an acquisition of a PRC company by an offshore company controlled
by PRC residents occurred prior to the issuance of Circular 75
 certain PRC residents were required to submit a registration form
to the local SAFE branch to register their ownership interests in the offshore company before March&nbsp;31
 2006. Such PRC residents
must also amend the registration form if there is a material event affecting the offshore company
 such as
 among other things
a change of the company&rsquo;s share capital
 a transfer of shares
 or if the company is involved in a merger
 an acquisition
or a spin-off transaction or uses its assets in China to guarantee offshore obligations. In the past
 we have acquired a number
of assets from
 or equity interests in
 PRC companies.


regarding the interpretation and implementation of Circular 75. Nevertheless
 we have requested that our shareholders who are PRC
residents make the necessary applications
 filings and amendments that required under Circular 75 and related regulations. However
all of our PRC-resident shareholders may not comply with such requirements. We also cannot predict how these regulations will affect
our future acquisition strategy and business operations. For example
 if we decide to acquire additional PRC companies
 we or the
owners of such companies may not be able to complete the filings and registrations
 if any
 required by the SAFE notices. Failure
to complete Circular 75 registrations may limit the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to issue dividends to us
 limit our ability
to inject additional capital into our subsidiaries
 restrict our ability to implement our acquisition strategy and adversely affect
our business and prospects.


    
    



 in September 2006 six PRC regulatory
authorities
 including the PRC Ministry of Commerce and the PRC Securities Regulatory Commission
 jointly promulgated a rule entitled
&ldquo;Provisions regarding Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors
&rdquo; or the M&amp;A Rules.
The M&amp;A Rules establish additional procedures and requirements that could make merger and acquisition activities by foreign
investors more time-consuming and complex
 including
 in some circumstances
 advance notice to the Ministry of Commerce of any
change-of-control transaction in which a foreign investor takes control of a PRC domestic enterprise. Compliance with the M&amp;A
Rules
 and any related approval processes
 including obtaining approval from the Ministry of Commerce
 may delay or inhibit our
ability to complete such transactions
 which could affect our ability to expand our business or maintain our market share.


 in August 2008
 SAFE issued a
notice
 known as &ldquo;Circular 142
&rdquo; regulating the conversion by a foreign-invested company of foreign currency into PRC
currency
 the Reminbi or RMB
 by restricting the uses for the converted RMB. Circular 142 requires that the registered capital
of a foreign-invested company denominated in RMB but converted from a foreign currency may only be used pursuant to the purposes
set forth in the foreign-invested company&rsquo;s business scope as approved by the applicable governmental authority. Such registered
capital may not be used for equity investments within the PRC. In addition
 SAFE strengthened its oversight of the flow and use
of the registered capital of a foreign-invested company that was denominated in RMB but converted from foreign currency. Violations
of Circular 142 may result in severe penalties
 including significant fines. As a result
 Circular 142 may significantly limit
our ability to invest in or acquire other PRC companies using the RMB-denominated capital of our PRC subsidiaries.

The PRC government&rsquo;s recent measures
to curb inflation rates could adversely affect future results of operations.


years. The government of China undertook various measures to alleviate the effects of inflation
 especially with respect to key
commodities. In January 2008
 the PRC National Development and Reform Commission announced national price controls on various products
including milk. Similarly
 the government of China may conclude that the prices of infant formula or other of our products are
too high and may institute price controls that would limit our ability to set prices for our products as we might wish. The government
of China has also encouraged local governments to institute price controls on similar products. Such price controls could adversely
affect our future results of operations and
 accordingly
 the price of our common stock.

Our independent registered public accounting
firm
 like others operating in China
 is not permitted to be subject to inspection by the Pubic Company Accounting Oversight Board
and
 as such
 you may be deprived of any benefits of such inspection.


firm that issues the audit report included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 as auditors of companies that are traded publicly
in the United States and a firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 or the PCAOB
 is
required by the laws of the United States to undergo regular inspections by the PCAOB to assess its compliance with the laws of
the United States and professional standards.


 our operations are mainly located
in the PRC
 a jurisdiction where the PCAOB is currently unable to conduct inspections without the approval of relevant PRC authorities.
Our independent registered public accounting firm
 like others operating in China (and Hong Kong
 to the extent their audit clients
have operations in China)
 is currently not subject to inspection conducted by the PCAOB.


conducted outside China have identified deficiencies in those firms&rsquo; audit procedures and quality control procedures. Certain
deficiencies revealed in the inspection process can be addressed to improve future audit quality. The inability of the PCAOB to
conduct full inspections of auditors operating in China makes it difficult to evaluate our auditor&rsquo;s audit procedures and
quality control procedures. As a result
 our investors may be deprived of the benefits of any PCAOB inspections.

Governmental control of currency conversion
may affect the value of your investment.


convertibility of the Renminbi into foreign currencies and
 in certain cases
 the remittance of currency out of China. We receive
substantially all of our revenues in Renminbi. Under existing PRC foreign exchange regulations
 payments of current account items
including profit distributions
 interest payments and trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions
 can be made in foreign
currencies without prior SAFE approval by complying with certain procedural requirements. However
 approval from or registration
with appropriate government authorities is required where Renminbi is to be converted into foreign currency and remitted out of
China to pay capital expenses such as the repayment of loans denominated in foreign currencies. The PRC government may also
 at
its discretion
 restrict access to foreign currencies for current account transactions in the future. If the foreign exchange control
system prevents us from obtaining sufficient foreign currencies to satisfy our foreign currency demands
 we may not be able to
pay dividends in foreign currencies to our shareholders.


    
    


Fluctuation in the value of the Renminbi
against the U.S. dollar may have a material adverse effect on your investment.


dollar and other currencies is affected by
 among other things
 changes in China&rsquo;s political and economic conditions and
China&rsquo;s foreign exchange policies. The conversion of the Renminbi into foreign currencies
 including the U.S. dollar
 has
been based on exchange rates set by the People&rsquo;s Bank of China. On July&nbsp;21
 2005
 the PRC government changed its decade-old
policy of pegging the value of the Renminbi solely to the U.S. dollar. Under this revised policy
 the Renminbi is permitted to
fluctuate within a narrow and managed band against a basket of certain foreign currencies. Following the removal of the U.S. dollar
peg
 the Renminbi appreciated approximately 21.5% against the U.S. dollar over the following three years. Since July 2008
 however
the Renminbi has traded within a narrow range against the U.S. dollar. As a consequence
 the Renminbi has fluctuated significantly
since July 2008 against other freely traded currencies
 in tandem with the U.S. dollar. On June&nbsp;20
 2010
 the People&rsquo;s
Bank of China announced that the PRC government will further reform the Renminbi exchange rate regime and enhance the Renminbi
exchange rate flexibility.


    
    



have a material adverse effect on your investment. If we decide to convert our Renminbi into U.S.&nbsp;dollars for the purpose
of making payments for dividends on our common shares or for other business purposes
 appreciation of the U.S.&nbsp;dollar against
the Renminbi would have a negative effect on the U.S.&nbsp;dollar amount available to us.

Under the EIT Law
 we may be classified
as a &ldquo;resident enterprise&rdquo; of China
 which would likely result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-PRC
shareholders.


 or
the EIT Law
 and its implementing rules
 which became effective in 2008
 an enterprise established outside of China with a &ldquo;de
facto management body&rdquo; within China is considered a &ldquo;resident enterprise
&rdquo; meaning that it can be treated in
a manner similar to a Chinese enterprise for enterprise income tax purposes. Under the implementing rules of the EIT Law
 de facto
management means substantial and overall management and control over the production and operations
 personnel
 accounting
 and
properties of the enterprise. Because the EIT Law and its implementing rules are still new and there is limited guidance regarding
tax residency determinations
 it is unclear how tax authorities will determine tax residency based on the facts of each case.


International
 Inc. is a &ldquo;resident enterprise&rdquo; for PRC enterprise income tax purposes
 unfavorable PRC tax consequences
could follow. We may be subject to enterprise income tax at a rate of 25% on our worldwide taxable income as well as PRC enterprise
income tax reporting obligations. Although under the EIT Law and its implementing rules dividends paid to us from our PRC subsidiaries
would qualify as &ldquo;tax-exempt income
&rdquo; such dividends may be subject to a 10% withholding tax
 as the PRC foreign exchange
control authorities
 which enforce the withholding tax
 have not yet issued guidance with respect to the processing of outbound
remittances to entities that are treated as resident enterprises for PRC enterprise income tax purposes. In addition
 it is possible
that the &ldquo;resident enterprise&rdquo; classification could result in a situation in which a 10% withholding tax is imposed
on dividends we pay to our non-PRC shareholders and with respect to gains derived by our non-PRC shareholders from transferring
our shares.


by PRC tax authorities
 we would be subject to tax in both the U.S. and China
 and our PRC tax may not be fully creditable against
our U.S. tax.

Lack of bank deposit insurance puts our
funds at risk of loss from bank foreclosures or insolvencies.


that are not protected by Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
 or FDIC
 insurance or other insurance. As of December 31
 2012
we held approximately $40.4 million in bank accounts in China. If a PRC bank holding our funds experienced insolvency
 it may not
permit us to withdraw our funds
 which would result in a loss of such funds and reduction of our net assets. As of December 31
2012
 we did not hold any cash balances within the United States in excess of FDIC insurance limits.

Limited and uncertain trademark protection
in China makes the ownership and use of our trademark uncertain.


agreements to protect our proprietary product formulations and production processes. We have obtained trademark registrations for
the use of our trade name &ldquo;Feihe
&rdquo; as well as our &ldquo;Xingfeifan
&rdquo; &ldquo;Feifan
&rdquo; &ldquo;Super Feifan
&rdquo;
&ldquo;Feihui
&rdquo; &ldquo;Feirui
&rdquo; &ldquo;Feiyue
&rdquo; and &ldquo;Beidiqi&rdquo; Chinese brands and our &ldquo;Firmus
&rdquo;
&ldquo;Astrobaby&rdquo; and &ldquo;Babyrich&rdquo; English brand names
 which have been registered with the PRC Trademark Bureau
of the State Administration for Industry and Commerce with respect to our milk products. We have obtained trademark registrations
for the use of our trade name &ldquo;Feihe&rdquo; and &ldquo;Firmus
&rdquo; which have been registered with the United States Patent
and Trademark Office. We believe our trademark is important to the establishment of consumer recognition of our products. However
due to uncertainties in PRC trademark law
 the protection afforded by our trademark may be less than we currently expect and may
in fact
 be insufficient. In the event any of our trademarks are challenged or infringed
 we may not have the financial resources
to defend against the challenge or infringement and such defense could in any event be unsuccessful. Moreover
 any events or conditions
that negatively impact our trademark could have a material adverse effect on our business
 operations and finances.

Our lack of patent protection could permit
our competitors to copy our trade secrets and formula and thus gain a competitive advantage.


production processes
 and we expect to rely principally on know-how and the confidentiality of our formula and production processes
for our products and our flavoring formula in producing competitive product lines. Any breach of confidentiality by our executives
or employees having access to our formula could result in our competitors gaining access to such formula. The ensuing competitive
disadvantage could reduce our revenues and adversely impact our results of operations.


    
    


A significant percentage of our stock
is concentrated among insiders
 who are able to exercise significant influence over our affairs.

Leng You-Bin
 our
Chairman
 Chief Executive Officer
 President
 and General Manager
Sheng-Hui
 a director
and vice president of Feihe Dairy
 and Liu Hua
 our Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer
 beneficially owned approximately
41.5% of our common stock as of March 15
 2013. The insiders are also Rollover Shareholders in the Merger Agreement. Consequently
these insiders are able to significantly influence the composition of our board of directors
 the approval of certain matters
requiring shareholder approval
 and other matters impacting our operations. Their interests may be different than the interests
of other shareholders on these matters. This concentration of ownership could also have the effect of delaying or preventing a
change in our control or otherwise discouraging a potential acquirer from attempting to obtain control of us
 including discouraging
a competing proposal under the Merger Agreement
 which in turn could reduce the price of our common stock.

Failure to comply with the U.S. Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences.


company in the United States
 we are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
 which generally prohibits U.S. companies
from engaging in bribery or other prohibited payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business.
Non-U.S. companies
 including some that may compete with our company
 are not subject to these prohibitions. Corruption
 extortion
bribery
 pay-offs
 theft and other fraudulent practices may occur in China. Although such practices are prohibited at our company
our employees or other agents may engage in such conduct for which we might be held responsible. If our employees or other agents
are found to have engaged in such practices
 we could suffer severe penalties and other consequences that may have a material adverse
effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.

We have a significant amount of indebtedness
which may limit our operating flexibility.


 2012
 we
had approximately $63.2 million of short-term bank loans
  approximately $6.0 million of long-term bank loan due in 2013
 as well as approximately $59.2 million in other
long-term loans. Our high level of indebtedness could have important consequences
 including the following:



    
    
    

    
    
our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital
 capital expenditures
 or general corporate or other purposes may be impaired;

    
    
a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations must be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness
 reducing the funds available to us for other purposes;

    
    
it may cause our trade creditors to change their terms for payment on goods and services provided to us
 thereby negatively impacting our ability to receive products and services on acceptable terms;

    
    
    

    
    
we may be more vulnerable to economic downturns
 may be limited in our ability to respond to competitive pressures and may have reduced flexibility in responding to changing business
 regulatory and economic conditions.



our debt will depend upon
 among other things
 our future operating performance and our ability to refinance indebtedness when
necessary. Each of these factors is
 to a large extent
 dependent upon economic
 financial
 competitive and other factors beyond
our control. If
 in the future
 we cannot generate sufficient cash from operations to meet our obligations
 we will need to refinance
our existing debt
 obtain additional financing or sell assets. Our business may not generate sufficient cash flows to satisfy our
existing obligations and funding sufficient to satisfy our requirements may not be available on satisfactory terms
 if at all.


    
    





litigation
 including possible enforcement action or class action lawsuits. We restated our quarterly financial statements for
the quarter ended March 31
 2009 to reclassify certain items from operating activities to investing activities
 and we amended
our Form 10-K for the 2008 fiscal year to restate items in our statements of cash flows and to revise the note to our financial
statements regarding quarterly operating results. Securities class action litigation has often been brought against companies who
have been unable to provide current public information or who have restated previously filed financial statements. In addition
litigation is frequently initiated in connection with &ldquo;going private&rdquo; transactions such as that contemplated in the
Merger Agreement
 and we and our directors and officers were named in several lawsuits in Utah and California following our announcement
that we had received a non-binding &ldquo;going private&rdquo; proposal. Moreover
 China-based reverse merger companies have been
increasingly the subject of securities regulatory scrutiny and class action litigation. Regulatory inquiries and litigation are
complex and could result in substantial costs
 divert management&rsquo;s attention and resources
 and seriously harm our business
financial condition and results of operations.








City International Building
 10 Jiuxianqiao Road
 C-16th Floor
 Chaoyang District
 Beijing
 China 100016. We have five production
and packaging facilities
 which have an aggregate milk powder production capacity of 2
020 tons per day
 encompass an aggregate
of approximately 554
045 square meters of office
 plant
 and warehouse space
 and are located in the Heilongjiang
 Shanxi and Hebei
Provinces in China. For additional information on our production and packaging facilities

and Packaging Facilities


All land is owned by the government of China
 its agencies and collectives. Land use rights are obtained from the government for
period ranging from 50 to 70 years
 and are typically renewable. Land use rights can be transferred upon approval by the land administrative
authorities of China (such as the State Land Administration Bureau) upon payment of the required land transfer fee.


for our current operations. As part of our growth strategy
 we are in the process of expanding our processing capacity.


    
    





 certain alleged shareholders
of us filed putative class and derivative actions on behalf of us against the members of our Board of Directors and certain entities
associated with MSPEA. Three cases were brought in the Third Judicial District Court for Salt Lake County
 Utah
 which have been consolidated
.
Three cases were brought in the Superior Court of the State of California for Los Angeles County
 which have been deemed related and are pending consolidation

 Inc. Shareholder Litigation
cases have alleged breach of fiduciary duties and aiding and abetting in connection with our October 2012 receipt of the preliminary
non-binding proposal from Mr. Leng You-Bin
 our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 and an affiliate of MSPEA to acquire all
of the outstanding shares of our common stock not currently owned by them and their respective affiliates in a going private transaction
for $7.40 per share in cash
 subject to certain conditions. The plaintiffs in both the Utah and California cases have requested
rescission of the going private proposal
 to the extent implemented
 an award of unspecified damages to us
 certain other equitable
and injunctive relief
 and an award of plaintiff&rsquo;s costs and disbursements
 including legal fees. Although we are unable
to predict the final outcome of these proceedings
 we do not believe that the final results will have a material effect
on our consolidated financial condition
 results or operations
 or cash flows.


 we may become involved in
various claims and lawsuits incidental to our business. Except as provided above
 we know of no material existing or pending legal
proceedings against us
 nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any material proceeding or pending litigation.







Item 5. Market for the&nbsp;Registrant&rsquo;s
Common Stock
 Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Repurchases of Equity Securities




the symbol &ldquo;ADY.&rdquo; As of March 15
 2013
 there were 19
784
291&nbsp;shares of our common stock issued and outstanding
that were held by approximately 342 shareholders of record. The table below lists the high and low closing prices per share of
our common stock for each quarterly period during the past two fiscal years as reported
on the NYSE.



    
    

    
    
    

Year Ended December 31
 2011:
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Year Ended December
    31
 2012
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





on our common stock and presently do not expect to declare or pay any such dividends in the foreseeable future. Payment of dividends
to our shareholders would require payment of dividends by our PRC subsidiaries to us. This
 in turn
 would require a conversion
of Renminbi into US dollars and repatriation of funds to the US. Under current PRC law
 the conversion of Renminbi into foreign
currency for capital account transactions generally requires approval from SAFE and
 in some cases
 other government agencies.
Government authorities may impose restrictions that could have a negative impact in the future on the conversion process and upon
our ability to meet our cash needs
 and to pay dividends to our shareholders. Although our subsidiaries&rsquo; classification as&nbsp;wholly
foreign-owned enterprises&nbsp;under PRC law permits them to declare dividends and repatriate their funds to us in the United States
any change in this status or the regulations permitting such repatriation could prevent them from doing so. Any inability to repatriate
funds to us would in turn prevent payments of dividends to our shareholders.


    
    





Transfer Co.
 1981 Murray Holladay Road
 Suite 100
 Salt Lake City
 Utah 84117-5148; telephone +1 (801) 272-9294.




total shareholder return on an investment on December 31
 2007 of $100 in our common stock with the annual cumulative total return
on the same investment in the S&amp;P 500 Index and the S&amp;P Packaged Foods and Meats Index for the five subsequent fiscal years.


(Includes reinvestment
of dividends)



    
ANNUAL
    RETURN PERCENTAGE

    
Years
    Ending

    
    
    
    
    
    

Company
    / Index
    
    
    
    
    

Feihe
    International
 Inc.
    
    
    
    
    

S&amp;P
    500 Index
    
    
    
    
    

S&amp;P
    Packaged Foods &amp; Meats
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
INDEXED
    RETURNS

    
    
Years
    Ending

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Company
    / Index
    
    
    
    
    
    

Feihe
    International
 Inc.
    
    
    
    
    
    

S&amp;P
    500 Index
    
    
    
    
    
    

S&amp;P
    Packaged Foods &amp; Meats
    
    
    
    
    
    




Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation
Plans


regarding issuances of securities pursuant to equity compensation plans as of December 31
 2012:



    

 warrants and rights

 warrants and rights
    

    
1
006
000
    
3
546
000

    
1
006
000
    
3
546
000





 2012
 we issued a total of 70
000
shares of common stock to our directors and employees
 of which a total of 10
000 shares were compensation for services rendered
to us for the year 2011 and the remaining 60
000 shares were compensation for services rendered for the year 2012. We issued these
securities pursuant to the exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act for transactions by an issuer
not involving any public offering.




consolidated financial data. The financial data set forth below should be read in conjunction with
 and are qualified in their
entirety by reference to &ldquo;Item 7. Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation&rdquo;
of this report. The selected consolidated balance sheets data and statements of income data in the table below have been derived
from our audited consolidated financial statements. Historical results are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected
in the future.


    
    




    



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
267
851
292
935
256
614
271
384
193
192

    
    
(129
125
(180
615
(157
325
(140
521
(117
155

    
    
138
726
112
320
99
289
130
863
76
037

    
    
(102
990
(78
989
(99
276
(104
953
(50
686

    
    
(21
596
(26
018
(21
306
(19
537
(18
068

    
    
    
(1
012
(1
437
    
    



    
4
302
3
281
    
    
    

    
    
18
442
9
582
(23
281
5
224
7
647

    
    
(3
808
(4
146
(1
723
(5
842
(18
268

    
    
    
    
    
    
(2
389

    
    
    
    
    
    
30
497

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
(2
162
(8
321

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
10
435
9
205
21
709
21
177
6
810

    
    
25
249
14
641
(3
675
18
273
15
319

    
    
(4
063
(10
010
    
    
(3
542

    
    
21
186
4
631
(3
395
19
019
11
777



    
    
(5
705
(6
500
    
5
315

    
    
21
186
(1
074
(9
895
19
581
17
092

    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
21
162
(1
200
(9
584
19
581
17
023

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    




    



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
40
425
15
354
16
183
46
973
10
444

    
36
087
(7
972
(59
338
20
188
(56
482

    
30
838
33
329
62
717
49
876
48
935


 net
24
536
40
691
14
813
27
484
12
275


 plant and equipment
132
988
143
635
138
255
108
038
78
126

    
16
524
18
281
15
608
15
045
15
026

    
476
256
441
804
585
893
536
282
414
485

    
63
240
54
616
63
523
58
599
7
764

    
    
    
    
    
91
542

    
6
004
11
889
16
977
17
187
1
400

    
274
498
266
303
358
041
319
830
298
061

    
    
32
697
66
114
53
645
    

    
201
758
175
501
161
738
162
807
116
424




Item 7. Management&rsquo;s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

This Annual Report contains our audited
consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010 and data derived therefrom. The following
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated
financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. In addition to historical financial information
the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans
 estimates and beliefs. Our actual results
could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these
differences include those discussed below and elsewhere in this Annual Report
 particularly in &ldquo;Item 1A. Risk Factors&rdquo;
above.




milk powder
 soybean milk powder
 and related dairy products in the PRC. Using proprietary processing techniques
 we make products
that are specially formulated for particular ages
 dietary needs and health concerns. We have over 200 company-owned milk collection
stations
 five production and distribution facilities with an aggregate milk powder processing capacity of approximately 2
020
tons per day
 and an extensive distribution network that reaches over 100
000 retail outlets throughout China.


    
    





by the following factors:



    
    
Dairy
.We believe the market for dairy products in China for the long term will be growing rapidly
 driven by
China&rsquo;s economic growth
 increased penetration of infant formula
 and a growing female working population. Despite the damage
to the industry as a result of the melamine crisis in 2008 and subsequent contamination scandals
 we expect these factors to continue
to drive industry growth. We believe that economic growth in our primary markets has become an increasingly important driver of
growth.

    
    
    

    
    
We believe much of the dairy market in China is still underserved
 particularly with respect to infant formula. In addition
 since the melamine crisis in 2008
 which did not involve any of our products
 we have at times operated our milk production facilities at maximum capacity. Accordingly
 we believe that the ability to increase production of high quality dairy products will allow well positioned companies to significantly increase revenues and market share.

    
    
    

    
    
. We believe that rising consumer wealth in China has contributed to a greater demand for higher-priced products with perceived quality advantages. We believe many consumers in China tend to regard higher prices as indicative of higher quality and higher nutritional value
 particularly in the areas of infant formula and nutritional products. Accordingly
 we believe our reputation for quality and safety allows us to command higher average selling prices and generate higher gross margins than competitors who do not possess the same reputation. Conversely
 any decrease in consumer perceptions of quality and safety could adversely impact us.

    
    
    

    
    
. The dairy
industry is seasonal
 with higher production in the summer season and greater demand in winter months. This seasonality is offset
by production of powder products with longer shelf lives.

    
    
    

    
    
. The per unit costs
    of producing our infant formula are subject to the supply and price volatility of raw milk and other raw materials
 which are
    affected by the PRC and global markets. For example
 our raw milk prices
 increased by approximately 24%
 17% and 6% in 2010
    2011 and 2012
 respectively. We expect raw milk prices will continue to be affected by factors such as geographic location
    rising feed prices
 general economic conditions such as inflation and fuel prices
 and fluctuations in production
 rising
    production costs and competition
 as well as increased competition abroad and currency fluctuations. In 2011
 we sold the
    Dairy Farms
 although we have milk supply arrangements with them described under &ldquo;Business  &ndash; Discontinued
    Operations.&rdquo;&nbsp;

    
    
    

    
    
In implementing our plan to expand our business
 we face corresponding increases in expenses
 especially for sales and marketing expenses
 in order to attract and retain qualified talent
 monitor our sales by region and address potential cross-territory selling activities by distributors
 implement strategic advertising campaigns
 and finance our expansion.&nbsp;





regarding our results of operations.



    



    
    
    
    

    
    

    
267
851
292
935
256
614

    
(129
125
(180
615
(157
325

    
138
726
112
320
99
289

    
    
    
    

    
(102
990
(78
989
(99
276

    
(21
596
(26
018
(21
306

    
    
(1
012
(1
437


 net
4
302
3
281
    

    
18
442
9
582
(23
281

    
6
807
5
059
19
606

    
(4
063
(10
010
    


 net of tax
    
(5
705
(6
500

    
    
    
    


 Inc.
21
162
(1
200
(9
584



    
    


Comparison of Years Ended December 31
 2012
and 2011



from sales of milk powder
 raw milk powder
 soybean powder
 rice cereal
 walnut products and packed milk. Sales decreased by approximately
$25.1 million
 or 8.6%
 from approximately $292.9 million in 2011 to approximately $267.8 million in 2012. This decrease was primarily
attributable to a decrease of sales of raw milk powder and soybean powder
 offset by an increase in sales of milk powder
 packed
milk which is a new product in the year 2012 and other products
 which reflected our focus on sales of milk powder.&nbsp;


regarding the sales of our principal products during the fiscal years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
21
309
248
359
    
20
577
217
506
    
    
30
853
    

    
1
688
6
165
    
16
079
62
749
    
(14
391
(56
584
    

    
1
290
3
445
    
3
641
6
760
    
(2
351
(3
315
    

    
    
3
137
    
    
3
613
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
2
536
3
893
    
    
    
    
2
536
3
893
    

    
    
2
792
    
    
1
507
    
    
1
285
    

    
27
679
267
851
    
41
314
292
935
    
(13
635
(25
084
    



milk powder products increased by approximately $30.9 million
 or 14.2%
 from approximately $217.5 million in 2011 to approximately
$248.4 million in 2012
 the quantity sold increased by approximately 3.6%. This shift in product mix reflects our improved sales
of our premium products
 namely our Astro Baby Series and Feifan Series
 and our efforts to expand market share for premium
products during 2012.


 we also improved the average sales
price per kilogram of our products
 as demonstrated in the table below:



    
    
    

    
    

851
    

935

    
27
679
41
314

    
    
    



of 36.5%
 as reflected in the table
 was primarily attributable to an increase in sales of higher-margin milk powder
 and a decrease
in sales of raw milk powder and other products. Prices per kilogram&nbsp;increased in our most significant product line
 as demonstrated
in the following table
 which reflects the average sales price per kilogram by product for 2012 and 2011 and the percentage change
in the sales price per kilogram.



    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



    
    


The average selling
price per kilogram of milk powder increased by 10.4%
 from $10.57 in the year ended December 31
 2011 to $11.66 in the year ended
December 31
 2012. This increase was primarily attributable to 


Our cost of goods
sold consist primarily of direct and indirect manufacturing costs
 including production overhead costs
 and shipping and handling

 to our customers (that is

 or 28.5%
from approximately $180.6 million in 2011 to approximately $129.1 million in 2012. This decrease was primarily attributable to
general decreases in the raw milk purchased
 offset by the increase of the costs of added nutrients and labor costs. For the years
ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 free promotional products bundled with products sold was $1.9 million and $1.6 million
respectively
 which was included in costs of goods sold. The increase in free promotional products was in relation to celebration
activities of our 50



for the year ended December 31
 2011 to 51.8% for the year ended December 31
 2012. This increase was primarily attributable to
general increases in the sales of high end milk powder
 which has a relatively high gross profit margin
 and a decrease in the
sales of raw milk powder
 which has a relatively low gross profit margin. We plan to continue our efforts to expand our sales of
higher margin products and strengthen our premium quality brand awareness
 enhance market recognition of our secured raw milk sources
and improve the efficiency of our distribution network.



of sales and marketing expenses and general and administrative expenses. Our total operating expenses increased by approximately
$18.6 million
 or 17.5%
 from approximately $106.0 million in 2011 to approximately $124.6 million in 2012.

Sales
and Marketing
 and
other overhead expenses incurred by our sales and marketing personnel. Sales and marketing expenses increased approximately $24.0
million
 or 30.4%
 from approximately $79.0 million for 2011 to approximately $103.0 million for 2012. This increase was primarily
attributable to an increase of approximately $11.7 million
 or 38.6%
 in promotion expense
 an increase of approximately $10.0
million
 or 140.0%
 in advertising expense and an increase of approximately $3.7 million
 or 13.1%
 in salary and social insurance
of marketing staff and promoters. which was offset by a decrease of approximately $1.9 million
 or 31.5%
 in other expenses. We
increased our expenditures on sale and marketing efforts to promote our brands and our premium milk products. For the year ended
December 31
 2012
 included in our marketing promotion expense was $32.2 million (2011:$11.1 million) of stand-alone free gifts
and promotional items distributed to our ultimate consumers through promotional activities conducted in retail outlets and expenses
incurred in relation to celebration activities of our 50

General and Administrative.

 travel expenses
 entertainment expenses
 benefits
 share-based
compensation
 and professional service fees. General and administrative expenses decreased approximately $4.4 million
 or 16.9%
from approximately $26.0 million for 2011 to approximately $21.6 million for 2012. The decrease was primarily attributable to
a decrease in professional service expenses of $1.1 million and a decrease in employee salary expense of $3.2 million
offset by an increase in stock compensation expenses of $0.6 million. In 2012
 we reduced our administrative headcount and related
costs in order to improve our operational effectiveness.

Goodwill and Other Intangible
Asset Impairment Expense
in 2011
 and no such expense was recognized in 2012.

Other Operating Income (Expenses)
Net

 net increased
by approximately $1.0 million
 or 31.1%
 from approximately $3.3 million in 2011 to approximately $4.3 million in
2012. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase in gain on disposal of assets of approximately$4.9 million
in 2012
 offset by a decrease of fines we imposed on our distributors for impermissible cross-territory sales activities of $1.6
million in 2012 when compared to 2011. On December 11
 2012
 we sold the use rights of the land and the plant on the land
of Langfang Feihe
 and the gain on disposal of these plants was approximately $4.3 million.

Income (Loss) from Continuing
Operations

 our income from
continuing operations increased by approximately $16.6 million
 or 357.5%
 from approximately $4.6 million
in 2011 to an income of approximately $21.2 million in 2012.


    
    




and finance costs
 gain on deregistration of subsidiaries and government subsidies. Other income increased by approximately $1.7
million
 or 33.3%
 from approximately $5.1 million for 2011 to approximately $6.8 million for 2012. The increase was primarily
attributable to an increase of approximately $1.2 million
 or 13.4%
 in government subsidies
 which was mainly due to non
recurring government subsidies granted.



taxes
 and our subsidiaries incorporated in the PRC are subject to enterprise income taxes in the PRC. Our income tax expenses
were approximately $4.1 million in 2012
 compared to an income tax expense of approximately $10.0 million in 2011. The decrease
in income tax expenses in 2012 was mainly attributable to a tax credit recorded in relation to a reversal of uncertain
income tax liabilities of our unrecognized tax benefits of $4.4 million
 offset by tax on the increase in profits
 resulting
in the net decrease in income tax expense in this year.

Comparison of Years Ended December 31
 2011
and 2010



or 14.2%
 from approximately $256.6 million in 2010 to approximately $292.9 million in 2011. This increase was primarily attributable
to an increase of sales of milk powder and raw milk powder
 offset by a decrease in sales of other products
 which reflected our
focus on sales of milk powder. During 2011
 we focused on marketing our premium infant formula products and improving sales at
existing sales points and
 accordingly
 our expansion into new market areas was less rapid.&nbsp;


regarding the sales of our principal products during the fiscal years ended December 31
 2011 and 2010:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
20
577
217
506
    
22
690
180
217
    
(2
113
37
289
    

    
16
079
62
749
    
15
691
57
752
    
    
4
997
    

    
3
641
6
760
    
4
917
10
812
    
(1
276
(4
052
    

    
    
3
613
    
    
4
040
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
1
511
    
    
    
    

    
    
1
507
    
    
2
282
    
    
    
    

    
41
314
292
935
    
44
436
256
614
    
(3
122
36
321
    



milk powder products increased by approximately $37.3 million
 or 20.7%
 from approximately $180.2 million in 2010 to approximately
$217.5 million in 2011
 the quantity sold decreased by approximately 9.3%. This shift in product mix reflects our improved sales
of our premium products
 namely our Astro Baby Series and Feifan Series
 and our efforts to expand market share for premium
products during the year 2011.


    
    



 we also experienced an increase
in the average sales price per kilogram of our products
 as demonstrated in the table below:



    
    
    

    
    

935
    

614

    
41
314
44
436

    
    
    



per kilogram of 22.9%
 as reflected in the table
 was primarily attributable to an increase in sales of higher-margin milk
powder
 and other products
 and offset by a decrease in sales of soybean powder and walnut products. Prices per
kilogram&nbsp;increased in our most significant product line
 as demonstrated in the following table
 which reflects the
average sales price per kilogram by product for 2011 and 2010 and the percentage change in the sales price per kilogram.



    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



powder increased by 33.1%
 from $7.94 in the year ended December 31
 2010 to $10.57 in the year ended December 31
 2011. This increase
was primarily attributable to an increase in sales of our premium products
 particularly our Astro Baby Series and Feifan Series
which reflects our ongoing efforts to upgrade our product line. The average selling price per kilogram for raw milk powder increased
by 6.0%
 from $3.68 in the year ended December 31
 2010 to $3.90 in the year ended December 31
 2011. This increase was primarily
attributable to increased demand and market prices of raw milk and raw milk powder.



$23.3 million
 or 14.8%
 from approximately $157.3 million in 2010 to approximately $180.6 million in 2011. This increase was
primarily attributable to general increases in raw milk costs
 costs of added nutrients and labor costs.



$16.0 million
 or 13.1%
 from approximately $122.0 million in 2010 to approximately $106.0 million in 2011.

.
Sales and marketing expenses decreased by approximately $20.3 million
 or 20.4%
 from approximately $99.3 million for 2010 to
approximately $79.0 million for 2011. This decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease of approximately $14.6 million
 or
67.1%
 in advertising expense and a decrease of approximately $2.7 million
 or 21.7%
 in salary of marketing staff
 which was
offset by an increase of approximately $2.4 million
 or 14.8%
 in salary of promoters. Also
 our total promotion costs
 which
include expenses related to promotion activities and wages of certain sales personnel
 decreased approximately $2.3 million
 or
7.1%
 in 2011 compared to 2010. During 2011
 we readjusted our advertisement plan and focused on our key regions
 while decreasing
other sales and marketing expenses in order to improve the effectiveness of our sales and marketing expenses.

.
General and administrative expenses increased approximately $4.7 million
 or 22.1%
 from approximately $21.3 million for 2010 to
approximately $26.0 million for 2011. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase in bad debt expense of $1.8 million
an increase in corporate promotion expenses of $0.9 million and an increase in miscellaneous tax expenses of $1.3 million.

Goodwill and Other Intangible
Assets Impairment Expense
in 2011
 a decrease of approximately $0.4 million or 29.6%
 from approximately $1.4 million in 2010.

Other Operating Income (Expenses)
Net

 net increased
by approximately $3.8 million from a loss of approximately $0.5 million in 2010 to an income of approximately $3.3 million in 2011.
The increase was primarily attributable to fines we imposed on our distributors for impermissible cross-territory sales activities.


    
    


Income (Loss) from Continuing
Operations

 our income from
continuing operations increased by approximately $32.9 million from a loss of approximately $23.3 million in 2010 to an income
of approximately $9.6 million in 2011.



million
 or 74.2%
 from approximately $19.6 million for 2010 to approximately $5.1 million for 2011. The decrease was primarily
attributable to a decrease of approximately $12.5 million
 or 57.6%
 in government subsidies
 which was mainly due to non recurring
government subsidies granted during 2010.



taxes
 and our subsidiaries incorporated in the PRC are subject to enterprise income taxes in the PRC. Our income tax expenses
were approximately $10.0 million in 2011
 compared to an income tax benefit of approximately $0.3 million in 2010. The increase
in income tax expenses was primarily attributable to certain of our PRC entities remaining profitable during 2011.

Net Income from Discontinued Operations
Net of Tax

 and
the operations relating to the Dairy Farms have been reflected in our financial statements as discontinued operations. Our net
loss from discontinued operations decreased by approximately $0.5 million
 or 7.5%
 from approximately $6.2 million in 2010 to
approximately $5.7 million in 2011.





 our primary uses of cash are for
working capital purposes
 which principally represent the purchase of inventory
 servicing debt and financing construction related
to our expansion plans. Our largest source of operating cash flows is cash collections from our customers. We have been able to
meet our cash needs principally by using cash on hand
 cash flows from operations
 bank loans and borrowings under our line of
credit.


million and working capital of approximately $36.1 million as of December 31
 2012
 compared to a working capital deficiency of
$8.0 million as of December 31
 2011. We have significant cash commitments in the upcoming year
 including maturity of short term
bank loans of $63.2 million and current portion of long term bank loans of $6.0 million. As of December 31
 2012
 we had utilized
credit lines of $48.2 million. We believe that we will be able to refinance our short term loans when they become due and
we intend to do so. In addition
 we have also taken steps to reduce our operating expenses. Accordingly
 we believe that our existing
cash
 our cash generated from operations
  our ability to draw down on unutilized credit lines
 and cash outlays avoided by
the sale of the Dairy Farms we previously operated will be sufficient to fund our expected cash flow requirements for at least
the next twelve months
 including planned capital expenditures.



 2012
 we had retained
earnings of approximately $79.7 million
 cash and cash equivalents of approximately $40.4 million
 total current assets of approximately
$234.7 million and working capital of approximately $36.1 million.





    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    

    
62
695
87
147
5
545

    
    
(24
559
(42
878

    
(37
156
(65
742
5
608




 2012
 net
income increased by approximately $22.3 million
 while net cash provided by operating activities decreased approximately $24.4
million
 from approximately $87.1 million for the year ended December 31
 2011 to approximately $62.7 million for the year ended
December 31
 2012. This decrease primarily reflected the following:



    
    

    cash balances by approximately $39.0 million
 reflecting that we no longer generate cash through our operation
    of the Dairy Farms;

    
    
    

    
    

    primarily due to decreased inventory quantities;



    
    




    
    

    approximately $7.4 million
 primarily due to our increase in advances to suppliers and unrelated parties for 2012 compared to
    2011;

    
    
    

    
    

    $8.7 million
 reflecting our more efficient completion and delivery of sales of milk powder offset by;

    
    
    

    
    

    items such as depreciation
 amortization
 gain/loss on disposal of property
 plant and equipment and land use rights
 and
    share-based compensation) increased our operating cash balances by approximately $12.2 million in 2012 as compared to
    2011
 reflecting our improved operating results achieved in 2012;

    
    
    

    
    

    million
 reflecting our improved collection efforts
 compared to higher trade receivables

 2011

    
    
    

    
    

    primarily due to our increase in sales and marketing expense.



    
    



 2011
 net loss
decreased by approximately $8.5 million
 while net cash provided by operating activities increased approximately $81.6 million
from approximately $5.5 million in 2010 to approximately $87.1 million in 2011. This increase was primarily attributable to the
following changes:



    
    
A
    decrease in cash flows from changes in accounts receivable of approximately $38.4 million
 reflecting increased receivables
    for sales of raw milk powder
 primarily for sales in the fourth quarter;

    
    
    

    
    
An
     increase in cash flows from inventories of approximately
    $44.0 million
 reflecting our shift in product mix to high margin milk powder
 and related sale of excess inventory at lower
    margins to stabilize our inventory level;

    
    
    

    
    
An
     increase in cash flows from accounts payable of
    approximately $2.8 million;

    
    
    

    
    
An
     increase in cash flows from other payables of
    approximately $10.3 million;

    
    
    

    
    
An
     increase in cash provided by discontinued operations
    of approximately $14.4 million;

    
    
    

    
    
An
     increase in cash flows from due to related parties
    of $10.4 million; and

    
    
    

    
    
An
     increase in cash flows from recoverable value-added
    taxes of $9.1 million.



Net cash used in
investing activities primarily relates to proceeds from the disposal of investments
 payment on restricted cash and expenditures
associated with our construction
 property
 plant and equipment. Net cash used in investing activities decreased approximately
$23.6 million
 from a net cash outflow of approximately $24.6 million in 2011 to a net cash outflow of approximately $1.0 million

31
 2012 and 2011. In 2011
 we used cash in discontinued operations of approximately $41.7 million associated with our purchase
of property
 plant
 equipment and biological assets for the Dairy Farms and we received cash consideration of approximately $29.6
million associated with our sale of the Dairy Farms
 and in the year 2012 we received cash consideration of approximately $10.2
million from the purchaser of the Dairy Farms. Also
 in the year 2012 we received cash proceeds from disposal of land use rights
and plant of approximately $13.3 million
 compared to no such receipt in 2011. The above items were offset by an increase in restricted
cash of approximately $9.0 million that increased our cash used in investing activities in the year ended December 31
 2012 compared
to 2011
 and the purchase of property
 plant and equipment and land use rights in 2012 that increased our cash used in investing
activities of approximately $2.9 million as compared to 2011.


 2011
 net
cash used in investing activities primarily relates to loans and expenditures associated with our construction and acquisition
of new facilities. Net cash used in investing activities decreased approximately $18.3 million
 from a net cash outflow of approximately
$42.9 million in 2010 to a net cash outflow of approximately $24.6 million in 2011. This decrease was primarily attributable to
an increase of approximately $29.6 million in proceeds from disposal of the Dairy Farms
 offset by an increase in investing
cash outflows from our discontinued operations of $35.5 million.



decreased by approximately $28.5 million
 from a cash outflow of approximately $65.7 million in 2011 to a cash outflow of approximately
$37.2 million in 2012. The decrease in cash outflows was primarily attributable to a decrease in net cash outflows of short term
bank loans of approximately $20.0 million
 a decrease in net cash outflows of long term deposits of approximately $11.7 million
and a decrease in financing cash outflows from our discontinued operations of $5.3 million
 which is partly offset by a decrease
in proceeds from other long term loans of approximately $7.5 million in 2012 as compared to 2011 and an increase in repayment
of long term bank loans of $0.5 million.


 2011
 net
cash used in financing activities decreased by approximately $71.3 million
 from a cash inflow of approximately $5.6 million in
2010 to a cash outflow of approximately $65.7 million in 2011. The increase in cash outflows was primarily attributable to an
increase in net cash outflows of short term bank loans of approximately $20.1 million
 an increase net cash outflows of long term
bank loans of approximately $4.7 million
 repayment for redeemable common stock of approximately $32.3 million
 payment of long-term
deposits of $43.7 million in 2011
 and an increase in financing cash outflows from our discontinued operations of $4.3
million
 which is partly offset by increases in proceeds from other long term loans of approximately $33.4 million.


    
    






 2012
 we had short term
bank loans of approximately $63.2 million from PRC banks. As of December 31
 2012
 approximately $9.0 million of our short term bank loans contained various
financial covenants. These covenants include requiring certain of our subsidiaries to maintain debt-to-asset ratios of not more
than 70%
 current ratio of at least 100%
 quick ratio of at least 50%
 and long term investment of not more than 40% of net assets
depending on the loans. If our subsidiaries are unable to comply with these covenants or service our debt
 we may lose control
of parts of our business and be forced to reduce or delay planned capital expenditures
 sell assets
 restructure our indebtedness
or submit to foreclosure proceedings
 all of which could adversely affect our business
 results of operations and financial condition.
We may also need to secure additional future debt financing directly or through subsidiaries
 which may contain various restrictive
covenants and agreements
 including cross-acceleration or cross-default provisions that could result in the default or acceleration
under debt agreements based upon default or acceleration of any other debt agreement. As of December 31
 2012
 we had met all of
the financial covenants of the bank loans.


 2012
 the single largest short term bank loan totaled approximately $24.1 million.
 The maturity dates of the short term bank loans
outstanding from PRC banks as of December 31
 2012 ranged from January 30
 2013 to December 5
 2013. All short term bank loans
that have become due have been repaid. During the year ended December 31
 2012
 the largest aggregate amount of long term bank
loans was approximately $3.6 million
 which amount was nil at December 31
 2012. The weighted average annual interest rate
on short term bank loans and long term bank loans from PRC banks outstanding as of December 31
 2012 was 6.07%.
The loans were secured by pledges of certain land use rights
 property
 plant and equipment held by our subsidiaries or by guarantees
of certain of our subsidiaries or our director. Our ability to incur additional secured indebtedness depends in part on the value
of our assets
 which depends
 in turn
 on the strength of our cash flows
 results of operations
 economic and market conditions
and other factors.


We have a one-year
unsecured line of credit with a bank of approximately $80.3 million (RMB 500 million) scheduled to expire in the third quarter

line of credit
 interest would be at a base rate established by the People&rsquo;s Bank of China on the unpaid principal

 2012
 there were borrowings of approximately $32.1 million at a weighted
average interest rate of 6.0% under the line of credit. The net availability of the line of credit was approximately $48.2 million
as of December 31

 2012
 the largest aggregate amount of borrowing under the line
of credit was approximately $24.1 million.



 we had other long term loans outstanding as
of December 31
 2012 of $59.2 million
 which reflect loans we obtained to make redemption payments to Sequoia Capital China
Growth Fund I
 LP and certain of its affiliates and designees during 2011 and the first and second quarters of 2012.&nbsp;
The loans are interest free
 due four years from the date they are date received
 and are secured by RMB 492 million in
deposits with six domestic companies and one-third party individual designated by the lenders. The deposits will not be
returned to us until we repay the full amount of loans.



 we entered into a six-year
capital lease agreement for certain equipment under construction. The terms of the lease required an initial payment of RMB 5
million approximately $802
542 and requires a payment of RMB 1 million
 approximately $160
508 on January 30th of each
year after successful completion of production quality tests. The equipment has been successfully installed and put into production
in December 31
 2010
 and was depreciated over its estimated productive life of 14 years. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 we
had approximately $1.1 million and $1.5 million of equipment under construction subject to the capital lease
 respectively.




of payments related to long-term debt and related interest
 capital leases to purchase certain equipment
 FIN 48 obligations
 capital
purchase of property
 plant and equipment
 and product purchase obligations.


    
    



regarding our outstanding contractual obligations by maturity as of December&nbsp;31
 2012:



    
(amounts in thousands of US$)

    
    
    
1 year
    
    
    
5 years

    
    

    
63
240
63
240
    
    
    

    
65
227
6
004
59
223
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
12
027
12
027
    
    
    

    
4
417
3
372
1
045
    
    

    
7
217
7
217
    
    
    

    
152
563
91
998
60
565
    
    





statements of income data for the eight quarters ended December&nbsp;31
 2012. We believe this unaudited information has been prepared
substantially on the same basis as the annual audited consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this report. We
believe this data includes all necessary adjustments
 consisting only of normal recurring adjustments
 necessary for a fair presentation.
You should read the quarterly data in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing
elsewhere in this Annual Report. The consolidated results of operations for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of the operating
results for any future period. We expect that our quarterly revenues may fluctuate significantly.


 our quarterly
results of operations were summarized as follows:



    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
75
468
102
66
063
396
63
383
324
62
936
077

    
33
175
173
36
252
769
35
318
864
33
978
604


 net of tax
(445
553
7
528
797
5
836
654
8
242
403


 net of tax
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 Inc.
(445
553
7
528
797
5
836
654
8
242
403

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



    
    



    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
87
014
773
75
372
031
62
864
567
67
684
003

    
30
887
819
27
474
519
29
521
755
24
436
571

    
(7
978
213
2
959
727
5
403
867
4
119
191

    
(3
558
023
(2
487
077
(237
613
577
485

    
    
    
    
    


 Inc.
(10
502
498
472
650
5
166
254
4
696
676

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    





agreements or other contractual arrangements to which an entity unconsolidated with us is a party and under which we have (i)&nbsp;any
obligation under a guarantee
 (ii)&nbsp;any retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to an unconsolidated entity that
serves as credit
 liquidity or market risk support to such entity
 (iii)&nbsp;any obligation under derivative instruments that
are indexed to our shares and classified as shareholders&rsquo; equity in our consolidated balance sheets
 or (iv)&nbsp;any obligation
arising out of a variable interest in any unconsolidated entity that provides financing
 liquidity
 market risk or credit support
to us or engages in leasing
 hedging or research and development services with us.


    
    





the financial statements of our company and our subsidiaries. All transactions and balances among us and our subsidiaries have
been eliminated upon consolidation. Certain amounts included in or affecting our consolidated financial statements and related
disclosures must be estimated
 requiring us to make certain assumptions with respect to values or conditions that cannot be known
with certainty at the time the financial statements are prepared. These estimates and assumptions affect the amounts we report
for assets and liabilities
 our disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our financial statements
 and the
reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported periods. We routinely evaluate these estimates
 utilizing historical
experience
 consulting with experts and utilizing other methods we consider reasonable in the particular circumstances. Nevertheless
actual results may differ significantly from our estimates. Any effects on our business
 financial position or results of operations
resulting from revisions to these estimates are recorded in the period in which the facts that give rise to the revision become
known.

Estimates of
allowances for bad debts
is required for possible uncollectible balances. We perform this review quarterly
 and in determining the allowances
 a number
of factors are considered
 including the length of time the receivable is past due
 past loss history
 the counter party&rsquo;s
current ability to pay and the general condition of the economy and industry. As a result of this review and collection of older
receivables
 addition of $1
239
920 and $571
872 was made to the allowance for bad debts in the year ended December
31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively
 offset by a reduction in the allowance for bad debts of $603
852 and $1
041
468 made for the
year ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. Although our write-offs of bad debts have been
minimal in recent years and we had no write-offs in the year ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively
 events and circumstances
could occur that would require that we increase our allowance in the future.

Estimate of the useful lives of property
and equipment
and equipment for possible impairment whenever events and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of those assets may not
be recovered from the estimated future cash flows expected to result from&nbsp;their use and eventual disposition. We recognized
no impairments on property
 plant and equipment in the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011.

&nbsp;- We value inventories
at the lower of cost or market value. We determine the cost of inventories using the weighted average cost method and include any
related production overhead costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition. We determine whether
we have any excessive
 slow moving
 obsolete or impaired inventory. We perform this review quarterly
 which requires management
to estimate the future demand of our products and market conditions. We make provisions on the value of inventories at period end
equal to the difference between the cost and the estimated market value. If actual market conditions change
 additional provisions
may be required.

 - We
review and evaluate our long-lived assets whenever events and circumstances indicate that the related carrying value of an asset
may not be recoverable from the estimated future cash flows expected to result from its use and eventual disposition. In cases
where undiscounted expected future cash flows are less than the carrying value
 an impairment loss is recognized equal to an amount
by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value of assets. Factors considered by management in performing this assessment include
current operating results
 trends and prospects
 the manner in which the property is used
 and the effects of obsolescence
 demand
competition
 and other economic factors. We perform the impairment test at the end of the&nbsp;fourth quarter each year.&nbsp;

&nbsp;- Revenue from
the sale of goods is recognized on the transfer of risks and rewards of ownership
 which generally coincides with the time when
the goods are shipped to customers and the title has passed. Revenue is shown net of sales returns
 which amounted to less than
0.8% of total sales in each of the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 and net of sales discounts
 which&nbsp;are determined
based on our distributors&rsquo; sales volumes.


    
    


 &ndash; We have entered into a number
of agreements with our resellers
 whereby we pay the reseller an agreed upon amount to display our products. We have reduced sales
by the amount paid under these agreements. For the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 product display fees from continuing
operations were approximately $23.6 million
 $20.2 million and $29.3 million
 respectively.

 Share-based
compensation to employees is measured by reference to the fair value of the equity instrument as at the date of grant using the
Black-Scholes model
 which requires assumptions for dividend yield
 expected volatility and expected life of stock options. The
expected life of stock options is estimated by observing general option holder behavior. The assumption of the expected volatility
has been set by reference to the implied volatility of our shares in the open market and historical patterns of volatility. Performance
and service vesting conditions attached to the options are included in assumptions about the number of shares that the option holder
will ultimately receive. On a regular basis we review the assumptions made and revise the estimates of the number of options expected
to be settled
 where necessary. Significant factors affecting the fair value of option awards include the estimated future volatility
of our stock price and the estimated expected term until the option award is exercised or cancelled.


a forfeiture rate and recognize the compensation costs for those shares expected to vest on a straight-line basis over the requisite
service period of the award
 which is generally the vesting period of the award. The estimate of forfeitures is adjusted over the
requisite service period to the extent that actual forfeitures differ
 or are expected to differ
 from such estimates. Changes
in estimated forfeitures will be recognized through a cumulative catch-up adjustment in the period of change and will also impact
the amount of stock compensation expense to be recognized in future periods.


the requisite service period
 except for 2
073
190 options granted in May 2009 and 1
332
000 options granted in July 2011 that
were to vest upon performance conditions. For performance based awards
 we assess the probability of meeting such conditions in
order to determine the compensation cost to be recognized.&nbsp;Total compensation expenses recognized in general and administrative
expenses for the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010 were approximately $2.4 million
 $1.7 million and $2.6 million
 respectively.

 Current income taxes are
provided for in accordance with the laws of the relevant tax authorities. Deferred income taxes are recognized for temporary differences
between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the financial statements. Net operating loss carry
forwards and credits are applied using enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years. Deferred tax assets are reduced
by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred
tax assets will not be realized. The components of the deferred tax assets and liabilities are individually classified as current
and non-current based on their characteristics.


 &ldquo;Income Taxes&rdquo; effective April 1
 2007. In accordance with ASC 740-10
 we recognize
a tax benefit associated with an uncertain tax position when
 in our judgment
 it is more likely than not that the position will
be sustained upon examination by a taxing authority. For a tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold
we initially and subsequently measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that we judge to have a greater than 50% likelihood
of being realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority. Our liability associated with unrecognized tax benefits is
adjusted periodically due to changing circumstances
 such as the progress of tax audits
 case law developments and new or emerging
legislation. Such adjustments are recognized entirely in the period in which they are identified. Our effective tax rate includes
the net impact of changes in the liability for unrecognized tax benefits and subsequent adjustments as considered appropriate by
management. We classify interest and penalties recognized on the liability for unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense.


    
    





 the FASB issued an update regarding

update is the result of joint efforts by the FASB and International Accounting Standards Board to develop a single
 converged fair
value framework. This update is largely consistent with existing fair value measurement principles in U.S. GAAP. The guidance expands
the existing disclosure requirements for fair value measurements and makes other amendments
 mainly including: 



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Application to financial assets and financial liabilities with offsetting positions in market risks or counterparty credit risk&mdash;the guidance permits an exception to fair value measurement principles for financial assets and financial liabilities (and derivatives) with offsetting positions in market risks or counterparty credit risk when several criteria are met. When the criteria are met
 an entity can measure the fair value of the net risk position. 

    
    
    

    
    
Premiums or discounts in fair value measure&mdash;the guidance provides that premiums or discounts that reflect size as a characteristic of the reporting entity&rsquo;s holding (specifically
 a blockage factor that adjusts the quoted price of an asset or a liability because the market&rsquo;s normal daily trading volume is not sufficient to absorb the quantity held by the entity) rather than as a characteristic of the asset or liability (for example
 a control premium when measuring the fair value of a controlling interest) are not permitted in a fair value measurement. 

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Disclosures about fair value measurements&mdash;the guidance expands disclosure requirements
 particularly for Level 3 inputs. Required disclosures include: 




    
    
For fair value measurements categorized in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy: (1)&nbsp;a quantitative disclosure of the unobservable inputs and assumptions used in the measurement
 (2)&nbsp;a description of the valuation process in place (e.g.
 how the entity decides its valuation policies and procedures
 as well as changes in its analyses of fair value measurements
 from period to period)
 and (3)&nbsp;a narrative description of the sensitivity of the fair value to changes in unobservable inputs and interrelationships between those inputs.

    
    
    

    
    
    



and is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2011
 for public entities. Early application
by public entities is not permitted. The adoption of this guidance did not have a significant effect on our consolidated financial
statements.


 the FASB issued an update that
revises the manner in which entities present comprehensive income in their financial statements. This update requires entities
to report components of comprehensive income in either (1) a continuous statement of comprehensive income or (2) two separate but
consecutive statements. This update does not change the items that must be reported in other comprehensive income. For public entities
the update is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December 15
 2011. Early adoption
is permitted. This update does not require incremental disclosures or any transition guidance. In December 2011
 the FASB issued
further guidance related to deferral of the effective date for amendments to the presentation of reclassifications of items out
of accumulated other comprehensive income. This guidance allows the FASB to redeliberate whether to present on the face of the
financial statements the effects of reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income on the components of net income
and other comprehensive income for all periods presented. While the FASB is considering the operational concerns about the presentation
requirements for reclassification adjustments and the needs of financial statement users for additional information about reclassification
adjustments
 entities should continue to report reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income consistent with
the presentation requirements in effect before update the pronouncement issued in June 2011. We adopted this guidance on January&nbsp;1
2012 and have reported components of comprehensive income in a continuous statement of comprehensive income since that date.

Recent accounting pronouncements not yet
adopted 

 the FASB issued an update
regarding disclosures about offsetting assets and liabilities. The amendments in this update are intended to enhance disclosures
required by U.S. GAAP by requiring improved information about financial instruments and derivative instruments that are either
(1) offset in accordance with applicable accounting guidance or (2) subject to an enforceable master netting arrangement or similar
agreement
 irrespective of whether they are offset in accordance with applicable accounting guidance. This information is intended
to enable users of an entity&rsquo;s financial statements to evaluate the effect or potential effect of netting arrangements on
an entity&rsquo;s financial position
 including the effect or potential effect of rights of setoff associated with certain financial
instruments and derivative instruments in the scope of this update. An entity is required to apply the amendments for annual reporting
periods beginning on or after January 1
 2013
 and interim periods within those annual periods. An entity should provide the disclosures
required by those amendments retrospectively for all comparative periods presented. The adoption of this update is not expected
to have a significant effect on our consolidated financial statements.


    
    



 the FASB issued an update regarding
testing for impairment of indefinite lived intangibles other than goodwill. The amendments in this update will allow an entity
to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform a quantitative impairment test. Under these
amendments
 an entity would not be required to calculate the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset unless the entity
determines
 based on qualitative assessment
 that it is not more likely than not
 the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired.
The amendments include a number of events and circumstances for an entity to consider in conducting the qualitative assessment.
The amendments are effective for annual and interim impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15
 2012.
Early adoption is permitted
 including for annual and interim impairment tests performed as of a date before July 27
 2012
 if
a public entity&rsquo;s financial statements for the most recent annual or interim period have not yet been issued. The adoption
of this update is not expected to have a sig



 the FASB issued an update
regarding comprehensive income (Topic 220). The objective of this update is to improve the reporting of reclassifications out of
accumulated other comprehensive income. The amendments in this update seek to attain that objective by requiring an entity to report
the effect of significant reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income on the respective line items in net income
if the amount being reclassified is required under U.S. GAAP to be reclassified in its entirety to net income. For other amounts
that are not required under U.S. GAAP to be reclassified in their entirety to net income in the same reporting period
 an entity
is required to cross-reference other disclosures required under U.S. GAAP that provide additional detail about those amounts. This
would be the case when a portion of the amount reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income is reclassified to a
balance sheet account (for example
 inventory) instead of directly to income or expense in the same reporting period. For public
entities
 the amendments are effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2012. Early adoption is permitted.
The adoption of this update is not expected to have a significant effect on our consolidated financial statements.

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk



We invest in
fixed and variable income investments classified as cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments. Our cash and cash
equivalents are placed primarily in demand deposits
 with maturities of six months or less and short-term investments are
. As of December 31
 2012
 we
had short term loans of approximately $63.2 million and long term loans of approximately $6.0 million from PRC banks
 and the
weighted average interest rates on our outstanding short term bank loans and long term loans was 6.07% and 5.88%
respectively

term loans during the year ended December 31
 2012
If interest rates on
our short and long term loans were to increase by 10% to 6.68% and 6.47%
 respectively
 our interest expenses would
potentially increase by approximately $372
000 and $70
000
 respectively. If interest rates on our short and long term
loans were to decrease by 10% to 5.46% and 5.29%
 respectively
 our interest expenses would potentially decrease by
approximately $372
000 and $70
000

 if we were to draw on our line of
credit
 interest would be at base rate established by the People&rsquo;s Bank of China on the unpaid principal amount. We
have not used derivative financial instruments to manage our interest rate risk exposure.




in the PRC
 and the Renminbi is the national currency in which our operations are conducted. We have not utilized any derivative
financial instruments or any other financial instruments
 nor do we utilize any derivative commodity instruments in our operations
nor any similar market sensitive instruments.

The exchange rate
between the Renminbi and the U.S. dollar is subject to the PRC government&rsquo;s foreign currency conversion policies
 which may
change at any time. The exchange rate at December 31
 2011 was approximately 6.3 Renminbi to 1 U.S. dollar. The exchange rate at
December 31
 2012 was approximately 6.2 Renminbi to 1 U.S. dollar. The exchange rate is currently permitted to float within a very
limited range. However
 there remains significant international pressure on the PRC government to adopt a substantial liberalization
of its currency policy
 which could result in a further and more significant appreciation in the value of the Renminbi against
the U.S. dollar. Any devaluation of the Renminbi against the U.S. dollar would consequently have an adverse effect on our financial
performance and asset values when measured in terms of U.S. dollars. We recognized a foreign currency translation gain&nbsp;of
approximately $2.7 million
 $12.3 million and $7.2 million the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010

If the exchange rate were to increase by 10% to $1.00 = RMB6.9
 our foreign currency translation gain would potentially decrease
by approximately $5.8 million. If the exchange rate were to decrease by 10% to $1.00 = RMB5.6
 our foreign currency translation
gain would potentially increase by approximately $6.3 million.


    
    





 China has not experienced
significant inflation
 and thus inflation has not had a material impact on our results of operations. According to the National
Bureau of Statistics of China
 the change in Consumer Price Index in China was 2.6%
 4.9% and 4.6% in 2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively.

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data


financial statements attached hereto beginning on page F-1.

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with
Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure


 2011
 we dismissed Deloitte
Touche Tohmatsu CPA
 Ltd. (now known as Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP)
 or DTT
 as our independent
registered public accounting firm. During the fiscal year ended December 31
 2011 or during the subsequent fiscal year
 we had
no disagreements with DTT of the type described in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K and no transactions or events similar to
those which involved such disagreements or reportable events
 which transactions or events were material and were accounted for
or disclosed in a manner different from that which DTT apparently would have concluded was required.


People's Republic of China in accordance with the Scheme of the Localization Restructuring of Chinese-Foreign
Cooperative Accounting Firms
 Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu CPA Limited has restructured to a new partnership and changed its name
to Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP
 effective from January 1
 2013.Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants LLP has succeeded Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu CPA Limited for all purposes and assumed all of the
obligations and rights of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu CPA Limited with effect from January 1
 2013.






of our management
 including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer
 we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure
controls and procedures as of December 31
 2012
 as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e). Based on
this evaluation
 our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that during the period covered by this Annual
Report on Form 10-K
 our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31
 2012 to give a reasonable assurance
that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded
 processed
 summarized
 and reported within
the time periods specified in the SEC&rsquo;s rules and forms
 and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
management
 including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. This determination was primarily due to the identification of the material weakness in our internal control
over financial reporting discussed below in &ldquo;Management&rsquo;s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
&rdquo;
which we regard as an integral part of our disclosure controls and procedures.

Management&rsquo;s Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting


and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
 as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting refers to the process designed by
 or under the supervision of
 our chief
executive officer and chief financial officer
 and effected by our board of directors
 management and other personnel
 to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and includes those policies and procedures that:



    
    

    
    

    
Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorization of our management and directors; and



    
    




    
Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisitions
 use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.



 no matter how
well designed
 have inherent limitations. Therefore
 even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable
assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control
over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with
the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


of our management
 including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer
 we conducted a comprehensive review
 evaluation
and assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2012 based on the framework
in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based
on our evaluation as discussed in the paragraphs below
 our chief executive officer and chief financial officer have concluded
that as of December 31
 2012
 our internal control over financial reporting was not effective due to the identification of the
following material weakness: There was insufficient accounting personnel with appropriate knowledge of U.S. GAAP.


 or a combination
of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial reporting
 such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.


weaknesses and deficiencies
 management took additional steps to ensure the reliability of our financial reporting. These steps
included additional internal review
 additional Audit Committee review
 efforts to remediate historical material weaknesses and
significant deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting
 and the performance of additional procedures by management
with respect to the financial statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.


firm
 Crowe Horwath (HK) CPA Limited
 who also audited our consolidated financial statements
 independently assessed the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2012
 as stated in their report which is included in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K.

Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm



of Feihe International
 Inc.


 Inc. and
subsidiaries&rsquo; (the &ldquo;Company&rsquo;s&rdquo;) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2012
 based
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
the Treadway Commission. The Company&rsquo;s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial
reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
 included in the accompanying
Management&rsquo;s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.


standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material
respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a
material weakness exists
 testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed
risk
 and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion.


reporting is a process designed by
 or under the supervision of
 the company&rsquo;s principal executive and principal financial
officers
 or persons performing similar functions
 and effected by the company&rsquo;s board of directors
 management
 and other
personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&rsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately
and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors
of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
or disposition of the company&rsquo;s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


    
    



 internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness
of the internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


 or a
combination of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial reporting
 such that there is a reasonable possibility that a
material misstatement of the company&rsquo;s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely
basis. The following material weakness has been identified and included in management&rsquo;s assessment. There was insufficient
accounting personnel with appropriate knowledge of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. This
material weakness was considered in determining the nature
 timing
 and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the consolidated
financial statements and financial statement schedule as of and for the year ended December 31
 2012 of the Company
 and this
report does not affect our report dated March 27
 2013 on such financial statements and financial statement schedule.


 because of the effects of the
material weakness described above
 the Company has not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December
31
 2012
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission.


 in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 the consolidated financial statements and financial
statement schedule as of and for the year ended December 31
 2012
 of the Company and our report dated March 27
 2013 expressed
an unqualified opinion on those financial statements and financial statement schedule and included an explanatory paragraph regarding
the Company&rsquo;s adoption of the authoritative guidance on the presentation of comprehensive income.








Hong Kong SAR
 the People&rsquo;s Republic
of China


 2013





In Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting&rdquo; for the year ended December 31
 2011
 we identified that we had insufficient
accounting personnel with appropriate knowledge of U.S. GAAP. As described in our Form 10-Q for the three months ended September
30
 2012 we have taken additional steps to ensure reliability of our financial reporting
 including additional internal review
additional Audit Committee review
 efforts to remediate historical material weaknesses and significant deficiencies in internal
control over financial reporting
 and the performance of additional procedures by management with respect to our financial statements.
There have not been any other changes in our internal control over financial reporting in the three months ended December 31
2012 that have materially affected


reporting.


 with the continuing expansion of our
business and the inherent complexity in U.S. GAAP and SEC reporting requirements
 we believe that we lack sufficient accounting
personnel with appropriate knowledge of the aforementioned areas.


    
    





31
 2012 was also identified by us as of December 31
 2011. We have undertaken or are in the process of undertaking a number of
measures to improve our internal controls over financial reporting to address the material weaknesses. We have launched a recruitment
program to hire additional qualified accounting personnel. We plan to hire additional qualified accounting personnel
 as necessary
to fulfill our reporting obligations and to reinforce our internal audit function. We have also implemented regular and continuous
U.S. GAAP accounting and financial reporting training programs for our existing accounting and reporting personnel
 including senior
financial officers. The costs for such remediation plan cannot&nbsp;yet be quantified but not likely to be significant. However
we do not expect that our plan will fully remediate the material weakness identified above until at least June 30
 2013
 and it
may not ensure the adequacy of our internal controls over our financial reporting and processes in the future. If we experience
additional material weaknesses and significant deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting in the future
 investors
may lose confidence in our reported financial information
 which could lead to a decline in our stock price
 limit our ability
to access the capital markets in the future
 and require us to incur additional costs to further improve our internal control systems
and procedures.






    
    




Item 10. Directors
 Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance


item regarding our directors
 director nominees
 and committees of the board of directors is incorporated by reference to our
definitive Proxy Statement for our 2012 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after
the end of our fiscal year ended December 31
 2012
 or the 2013 Proxy Statement
 under the heading &ldquo;Election of
Directors&rdquo; and &ldquo;Corporate Governance.&rdquo; Information regarding Section&nbsp;16(a)&nbsp;beneficial ownership
reporting compliance is incorporated by reference to our 2013 Proxy Statement under the heading &ldquo;Section&nbsp;16(a)&nbsp;Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance.&rdquo; Information regarding our executive officers is incorporated by reference
to our 2013 Proxy Statement under the heading &ldquo;Management&mdash;Executive Officers.&rdquo;




to all of our officers
 directors and employees. The most recent version is available on the Investor Relations section of our
website at http://ady.feihe.com. The information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report
on Form&nbsp;10-K. If we make any substantive amendments to the code or grant any waiver from a provision of the code to any executive
officer or director
 we will promptly disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver on our website
 as well as via any other
means required by applicable law.




by reference to the 2013 Proxy Statement under the heading &ldquo;Executive Compensation.&rdquo;

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters


by reference to the 2013 Proxy Statement under the heading &ldquo;Executive Compensation.&rdquo;

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions
 and Director Independence


by reference to the 2013 Proxy Statement under the captions &ldquo;Certain Relationships and Related Transactions&rdquo; and &ldquo;Corporate
Governance.&rdquo;




by reference to the 2013 Proxy Statement under the caption &ldquo;Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm.&rdquo;


    
    











    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    
    







    
    
    
    
    
    
    


        
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Stock Exchange Agreement
 dated as of January&nbsp;15
 2003
 by and among the registrant
 the registrant&rsquo;s shareholders and Lazarus Industries
 Inc.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Amendment to Stock Exchange Agreement
 dated as of March&nbsp;5
 2003
 by and among the registrant
 the registrant&rsquo;s shareholders and Lazarus Industries
 Inc
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Form of Registration Rights Agreement
 dated as of October&nbsp;3
 2006
 by and between the registrant and investors listed therein
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Share Transference Agreement
 dated as of July&nbsp;1
 2006
 by and between the registrant and Shanxi Li Santai Science and Technology Co.
 Ltd.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Form of Non-Competition Agreement
 by and between the registrant and each of Mr. Leng You-Bin and Roger Liu
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Subscription Agreement
 dated as of August&nbsp;12
 2009
 by and among the registrant and the Purchasers
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Redemption Agreement
 dated as of February&nbsp;1
 2011
 by and among the registrant and the Purchasers
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    


        
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Equity Purchase Agreement
 dated as of August 1
 2011
 by and among the registrant and Haerbin City Ruixinda Investment Company Ltd.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
First Amendment to Equity Purchase Agreement
 dated as of October&nbsp;31
 2011
 by and among the registrant and the Purchasers
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Raw Milk Exclusive Supply Agreement
 dated as of September&nbsp;30
 2011
 by and among the registrant and the Suppliers
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Asset Mortgage Agreement
 dated as of September&nbsp;30
 2011
 by and among the registrant and the Mortgagers
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Consent of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants
    LLP
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14(a)
 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14(a)
 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &sect;1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T: (i)&nbsp;Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December&nbsp;31
 2012 and 2011; (ii)&nbsp;Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2012
 2011 and 2010; (iii)&nbsp;Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders&rsquo; Equity for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2012
 2011 and 2010; (iv)&nbsp;Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three years ended December&nbsp;31
 2012
 2011 and 2010; and (v)&nbsp;Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2012
 2011 and 2010**
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
Management contract or compensatory
    plan
 contract
 or arrangement.

    
    

    
The interactive data files in Exhibit No. 101
    hereto are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities
    Act of 1933
 as amended
 and not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and
    otherwise are not subject to liability under those sections.



    
    





13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



March 27
 2013
FEIHE INTERNATIONAL
 INC.


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
Leng You-Bin
 Chief Executive


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
Liu Hua
 Chief Financial Officer


    
    
    






 that each
person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Leng You-Bin as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent
with full power of substitution and resubstitution
 for him or her and in his or her name
 place and stead
 in any and all capacities
to sign any and all Amendments hereto
 and to file the same
 with all exhibits thereto
 and other documents in connection therewith
with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform
each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises
 as fully to all intents and purposes
as he or she might or could do in person
 hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent
 or his substitute
or substitutes
 may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof.


the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



    
March 27
 2013

Leng You-Bin
 Director
 Chief Executive
    

    
    

    
    

    
March 27
 2013

Liu Hua
 Director
 Chief Financial Officer
 Treasurer and Secretary (Principal Accounting
    and Financial Officer)
    

    
    

    
March 27
 2013

Liu Sheng-Hui
 Director
    

    
    

    
March 27
 2013

Ren Xiaofei
 Director
    

    
    

    
March 27
 2013

Kirk Downing
 Director
    

    
    

    
March 27
 2013

Mu Jingjun
 Director
    

    
    

    
March 27
 2013

Dong David
 Director
    



    
    



REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM

Inc.

 before the effects of the
retrospective adjustments for the discontinued operations discussed in Note 7 and the retrospective application of
authoritative guidance regarding the presentation of comprehensive income discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial
statements
 the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Feihe International
 Inc. and subsidiaries (the
&ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of December 31
 2010
 and the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive loss
shareholders' equity and cash flows for the year then ended. Our audit also included the financial statement schedule
included in Schedule I as of December 31
 2010 and for the year ended December 31
 2010
 before the effects of retrospective
application of the authoritative guidance regarding the presentation of comprehensive income discussed in Note 3 to the
consolidated financial statements. These financial statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the
Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the financial statements and financial statement
schedule based on our audit.

of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining
on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

 such consolidated financial
statements
 before the effects of the retrospective adjustments for the discontinued operations discussed in Note 7 and the
retrospective application of the authoritative guidance regarding the presentation of comprehensive income discussed in Note
3 to the consolidated financial statements
 present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Feihe
International
 Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31
 2010
 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for
the year then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also
 in our
opinion
 such financial statement schedule
 before the effects of retrospective application of the authoritative guidance
regarding the presentation of comprehensive income discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements
 when
considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole
 present fairly
 in all material
respects
 the information set forth therein.

been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company's losses from operations and deficiency
of net current assets raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

 review
 or apply any procedures
to the retrospective adjustments for the discontinued operations discussed in Note 7 and the retrospective application of the
authoritative guidance regarding the presentation of comprehensive income discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements
and to the financial statement schedule
 accordingly
 we do not express an opinion or any other form of assurance about whether
such retrospective adjustments and retrospective application are appropriate and have been properly applied. Those retrospective
adjustments and retrospective application were audited by other auditors.


    
    



    

    
    

    
    

    

    

    

    



    
    





of Feihe International
 Inc.


balance sheets of Feihe International
 Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 and the
related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income
 shareholders&rsquo; equity
 and cash flows for each of the
years in the two-year period ended December 31
 2012. Our audits also included the financial statement schedule included in Schedule
I as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 and for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31
 2012. These financial statements
and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audits.


the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 such consolidated financial
statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Feihe International
 Inc. and subsidiaries as of
December 31
 2012 and 2011
 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period
ended December 31
 2012 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also
 in our
opinion
 such financial statement schedule
 when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as
a whole
 presents fairly
 in all material respects
 the information set forth therein.


financial statements
 such statements have been adjusted for the retrospective application of the authoritative guidance regarding
the presentation of comprehensive income
 which was adopted by the Company on January 1
 2012.


 in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 the Company's internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31
 2012
 issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated March 27
 2013 expressed an adverse opinion
on the Company's internal control over financial reporting.


/s/
    Crowe Horwath (HK) CPA Limited






 the
    People&rsquo;s Republic of China


 2013



    
    


FEIHE INTERNATIONAL
 INC.




    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
40
425
310
15
353
882

    
8
081
061
1
056
579


 net of a allowance for doubtful accounts of $1
454
741 and $810
864
 as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively
24
535
601
40
690
638


 net of a allowance for doubtful accounts of $3
350
056 and $3
350
056
 as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively
    
    

    
20
191
194
759

    
14
805
607
11
841
936


 net
30
838
292
33
328
949

    
43
779
50
427

    
    
1
406
653

    
1
269
443
965
685

    
30
473
435
13
742
625

    
78
274
528
79
337
423

    
3
425
598
    

    
117
210
111
116

    
2
408
770
2
384
391

    
234
718
825
200
465
063

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
288
914
285
990

    
288
914
285
990


 plant and equipment:
    
    


 plant and equipment
 net
114
990
808
128
739
637

    
17
996
885
14
895
512

    
132
987
693
143
635
149

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    

149

    
    
    

741

    

    
    
    

018

    
    
    

139

    



    
    
    
    
    
    

450

    



    
    

568

    
    
    

805

    

    
    
    

524

    
    
    

280

    

    
    
    

255

    
    
    

804

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
7
996
533
    

    
63
240
345
54
616
375

    
41
115
131
39
077
499

    
14
193
225
6
943
370

    
2
128
545
734
389

    
15
092
328
17
899
560

    
55
276
86
213

    
225
835
415
253

    
9
758
312
9
777
537

    
38
683
732
39
561
388

    
6
004
497
5
945
439

    
137
722
288
066

    
    
395
783


 nil and 1
312
500 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 respectively)
    
32
696
658

    
198
631
481
208
437
530

    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    

943

    



    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

222

    
    
    

803

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    



    
    

026

    
    
    

806

    

    
    
    

320

    
    
    

711

    

    
    
    

498

    
    
    

303

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 50
000
000 shares authorized; 19
784
291 and 19
714
291 issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2012 and 2011

    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

284

    
    
    

920

    

    
    
    

774

    
    
    

774

    

    
    
    

450

    
    
    

341

    

    
    
    

487

    
    
    

730

    

    
    
    

741

    
    
    

696

    



    
    

757

    
    
    

483

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    

757

    
    
    

501

    



    
    

255

    
    
    

804

    



of these financial statements.


    
    



FEIHE INTERNATIONAL
 INC.




    
For the years ended December 31


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
267
850
899
292
935
374
256
614
328

    
    
    
    

    
(129
125
489
(180
614
710
(157
325
418

    
    
    
    

    
138
725
410
112
320
664
99
288
910

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
(102
990
356
(78
988
475
(99
276
220

    
(21
594
465
(26
018
366
(21
306
074

    
    
(1
012
410
(1
437
005

    
(124
584
821
(106
019
251
(122
019
299

    
    
    
    


 net
    
    
    


 plant and equipment and land use rights
4
329
473
(520
619
(14
637

    
(27
678
3
801
298
(536
753


 net
4
301
795
3
280
679
(551
390

    
18
442
384
9
582
092
(23
281
779

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
83
103
90
008
287
967

    
(3
891
376
(4
235
956
(2
011
282

    
    
    
(379
413

    
180
077
    
    

    
10
435
291
9
205
157
21
709
399

    
25
249
479
14
641
301
(3
675
108

    
    
    
    

    
(4
062
969
(10
010
427
279
722

    
21
186
510
4
630
874
(3
395
386


 net of tax
    
(5
705
228
(6
499
869

    
21
186
510
(1
074
354
(9
895
255

    
(24
209
(126
302
311
384

    
    
1
033
738
    

    
    
    
(1
086
622


 Inc.
21
162
301
(166
918
(10
670
493

    
    
    
    
    

    
21
186
510
(1
074
354
    

895

    


 net of tax
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
2
699
885
12
250
387
    

203

    

    
6
094
(28
178
    


    

    
    
(2
341
550
    
    
    

    
2
705
979
9
880
659
    

206

    

    
23
892
489
8
806
305
    

688

    

    
17
943
(13
799
    


    


 Inc.
23
910
432
8
792
506
    

710

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 net of tax per share of common stock
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


 net of tax per share of redeemable common stock
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
19
756
559
19
688
551
19
647
844

    
19
756
559
19
688
551
19
647
844

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
824
380
2
065
839
2
625
000

    
824
380
2
065
839
2
625
000



of these financial statements.


    
    



FEIHE INTERNATIONAL
 INC.




    
Feihe International
 Inc. Shareholders&rsquo;
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
Accumulated Other Comprehensive
    Income
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    






 2010
19
607
376
19
607
54
482
098
1
774
151
6
861
224
25
651
571
73
672
879
345
451
162
806
981

    
55
915
    
889
318
    
    
    
    
    
889
374

    
    
    
1
710
272
    
    
    
    
    
1
710
272

    
8
000
    
95
992
    
    
    
    
    
96
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(9
583
871
(311
384
(9
895
255

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
086
622
    
(1
086
622

    
    
    
    
    
    
7
181
945
    
21
719
7
203
664

    
    
    
    
    
    
2
828
    
    
2
828

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(208
225
(208
225

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
219
372
219
372

    
    
    
    
    
2
271
357
    
(2
271
357
    
    


 2010
19
671
291
19
671
    
57
177
680
1
774
151
9
132
581
32
836
344
60
731
029
66
933
    

738

    

    
43
000
    
    
1
742
603
    
    
    
    
    
    

742

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
200
656
126
302
    

074

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
033
738
    
    

033

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
12
264
186
    
(13
799
    

250

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(28
178
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
(6
543
(2
341
550
2
348
093
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(161
493
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
2
215
389
    
(2
215
389
    
    
    
    


 2011
19
714
291
19
714
    
58
920
283
1
774
151
11
341
427
42
730
802
60
696
815
17
943
    

501

    

    
70
000
    
    
2
363
934
    
    
    
    
    
    

364

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
21
162
301
24
209
    

186

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
699
878
    
    
    

699

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
6
094
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
(27
006
50
754
18
411
(42
159
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
2
136
318
    
(2
136
318
    
    
    
    


 2012
19
784
291
19
784
    
61
284
217
1
774
151
13
450
739
45
487
528
79
741
209
    
    

757

    





    
    


FEIHE INTERNATIONAL
 INC.




    
For the years ended December 31


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
21
186
510
(1
074
354
(9
895
255



 net of tax
    
5
705
228
6
499
869


    
    
    
    


    
8
439
405
6
683
434
5
586
699


    
432
744
494
888
412
098


    
    
162
256
217
798


    
29
629
35
268
39
368


    
(180
077
    
    



 plant and equipment and land use rights
(4
329
473
520
619
14
637



    doubtful    accounts and amount due from related parties
636
068
1
523
131
(240
309


    
(185
638
(392
368
1
164
384


    
    
1
012
410
1
437
005


    
2
364
004
1
742
646
2
599
646


    
    
    
379
413


    
    
    
    


    
    
136
120
301
065


    
15
712
382
(25
558
193
12
817
244


    
174
821
(223
669
379
350


    
(2
796
954
1
861
965
4
029
177


    
2
981
566
29
780
377
(14
230
037


    
6
524
116
880
1
539
402


    
1
414
961
3
563
618
(134
805


    
(290
200
5
920
846
(3
171
894


    
(16
155
106
(8
777
412
1
880
244


    
    
    
(16
246
974


    
3
811
461
(53
722
(1
880
239


    
7
896
280
(378
112
(3
035
613


    
12
566
494
7
222
028
4
440
981


    
7
025
737
507
127
(1
918
210


    
1
345
604
(854
776
(1
384
294


    
(2
952
747
5
716
117
5
261
692


    
(31
500
    
(10
397
648


    
(237
562
3
100
402
2
804
427


    
6
045
576
5
572
805
(4
686
995



 non-current
(2
780
205
5
515
443
313
596


    
564
899
(1
423
835
(3
936
454


    
62
695
203
48
157
167
(19
040
632


    
    
38
990
050
24
585
529


    
62
695
203
87
147
217
5
544
897


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 plant and equipment
(17
492
784
(12
093
849
(34
486
013

    
    
(2
440
024
    

    
10
199
540
29
615
356
    

    
(6
940
157
2
021
985
(2
293
973


 plant and equipment and land use rights
13
281
137
    
32
182

    
(952
264
17
103
468
(36
747
804

    
    
(41
662
088
(6
130
354

    
(952
264
(24
558
620
(42
878
158

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
62
447
498
53
187
374
62
998
197

    
(54
483
065
(65
214
363
(54
906
797

    
    
    
6
602
970

    
(5
930
927
(5
484
119
(7
435
665

    
(32
696
658
(32
383
321
    

    
25
852
951
33
369
627
    

    
(32
031
083
(43
715
189
    

    
    
    
219
372

    
    
(161
493
(208
225

    
(314
792
    
(735
179

    
    
    
96
000

    
(37
156
076
(60
401
484
6
630
673

    
    
(5
340
631
(1
022
902

    
(37
156
076
(65
742
115
5
607
771

    
    
    
    

    
484
565
977
818
1
090
140

    
25
071
428
(2
175
700
(30
635
350


 beginning of year
15
353
882
17
529
582
48
164
932


 end of year
40
425
310
15
353
882
17
529
582

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
40
425
310
15
353
882
16
183
493

    
    
    
1
346
089

    
40
425
310
15
353
882
17
529
582

    
    
    
    

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow
    information:
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
(1
698
323
(2
066
193
(2
511
928

    
11
493
740
7
812
615
10
797
649

    
(4
394
080
(3
550
433
(3
317
886

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
(921
225
(1
479
245

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
11
382
000


    by raw milk supply (See Note 7)
10
876
838
4
992
467
    

    
    
1
033
735
    

    
    
    
1
086
622



of these financial statements.


    
    


FEIHE INTERNATIONAL
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Years ended December&nbsp;31
2012
 2011 and 2010
(U.S. dollar amounts
except share and per share amounts)




include the financial statements of Feihe International
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo; or &ldquo;Feihe International&rdquo;)
and its subsidiaries. The Company and its subsidiaries are collectively referred to as the &ldquo;Group.&rdquo;


Utah on December 31
 1985
 originally under the corporate name of Gaslight Inc. It was inactive until March 30
 1988 when it changed
its corporate name to Lazarus Industries
 Inc. and engaged in the business of manufacturing and marketing medical devices. This
line of business was discontinued in 1991
 and it became a non-operating public company shell.


 2003
 the Company acquired
100% of the issued and outstanding capital stock of American Flying Crane Corporation (&ldquo;AFC&rdquo;)
 a Delaware corporation.
In connection with that acquisition
 the Company changed its name to American Dairy
 Inc. In October 2010
 the Company changed
its name to Feihe International
 Inc.


 with 50
000
000
shares of authorized common stock at a par value of $0.001 per share. AFC owns 100% of the registered capital of Heilongjiang Feihe
Dairy Co.
 Limited (&ldquo;Feihe Dairy&rdquo;). Feihe Dairy in turn owns 99% of the registered capital of Baiquan Feihe Dairy Co.
Limited (&ldquo;Baiquan Dairy&rdquo;)
 95% of Beijing Feihe Biotechnology Scientific and Commercial Co.
 Limited (&ldquo;Beijing
Feihe&rdquo;) and 99% of Qiqihaer Feihe Soybean Co.
 Limited (&ldquo;Feihe Soybean&rdquo;)
 100% of Heilongjiang Aiyingquan International
Trading Co.
 Limited (&ldquo;Aiyingquan&rdquo;) which was established in 2009
 and 85% of the registered capital of Heilongjiang
Flying Crane Trading Co.
 Limited (&ldquo;Feihe Trading&rdquo;)
 which was established in January 2010.


Feedlots Co.
 Limited (&ldquo;Kedong Farms&rdquo;) and Heilongjiang Feihe Gannan Feedlots Co.
 Limited (&ldquo;Gannan Farms&rdquo;
and together with Kedong Farms
 the &ldquo;Dairy Farms&rdquo;). The Company completed the sale of these subsidiaries on October
31
 2011 and
 as a result
 they are accounted for as discontinued operations in the accompanying consolidated financial statements
for the years ended December 31
 2011 and 2010. Accordingly
 assets and liabilities
 revenues and expenses
 and cash flows related
to the Dairy Farms business have been classified in the accompanying consolidated financial statements as discontinued operations
for the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010. Additional information with respect to the sale of the Dairy Farms is presented
at Note 7.


 the Company has also owned
100% of the registered capital of Shanxi Feihesantai Biotechnology Scientific and Commercial Co.
 Limited (&ldquo;Shanxi Feihe&rdquo;)
Langfang Flying Crane Dairy Products Co.
 Limited (&ldquo;Langfang Feihe&rdquo;) and Gannan Flying Crane Dairy Products Co.
 Limited
(&ldquo;Gannan Feihe&rdquo;).


    
    


FEIHE INTERNATIONAL
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Years ended December&nbsp;31
2012
 2011 and 2010
(U.S. dollar amounts
except share and per share amounts)

1. ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF OPERATION
&ndash; CON&rsquo;D


included in the consolidated financial statements are as follows:



    
    

    
    

    
    
 Limited - Manufacturing dairy products

    
    

    
    
 Limited - Manufacturing and distributing dairy products

    
    

    
    
 Limited - Marketing and distributing&nbsp;dairy products

    
    

    

 Limited - Manufacturing and distributing walnut and soybean products

    
    

    
    
 Limited - Manufacturing and distributing soybean products

    
    

    
    
 Limited - Packaging and distributing dairy products
 ceased operations following
    the sale of the land use right and substantial fixed assets in November 2012

    
    

    
    
 Limited - Marketing and distributing&nbsp;water and cheese
specifically marketed for consumption by children

    
    

    
    
 Limited - Produced dairy products until 2011
 de-registered on May 23
 2012

    
    

    
    
 Limited (&ldquo;Feihe Trading&rdquo;) - Distributing milk and soybean

 2012.



 the subsidiaries&rsquo; principal
country of operations is the People&rsquo;s Republic of China (the &ldquo;PRC&rdquo;).


    
    


FEIHE INTERNATIONAL
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Years ended December&nbsp;31
2012
 2011 and 2010
(U.S. dollar amounts
except share and per share amounts)





have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (&ldquo;US GAAP&rdquo;).



the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries.


Group has the power to govern the financial and operating policies generally accompanying a shareholding of more than one half
of the voting rights. The existence and effect of potential voting rights that are currently exercisable or convertible are considered
when assessing whether the Group controls another entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is
transferred to the Group. They are de-consolidated from the date that control ceases.


 balances and unrealized
gains on transactions between Group companies are eliminated. Unrealized losses are also eliminated.



purchase method of accounting. On January 1
 2009
 the Group adopted a new accounting pronouncement with prospective application
which made certain changes to the previous authoritative literature on business combinations. From January 1
 2009
 the assets
acquired
 the liabilities assumed
 and the noncontrolling interest of the acquiree at the acquisition date
 if any
 are measured
at their fair values as of that date. Consideration transferred in a business acquisition is also measured at the fair value as
at the date of acquisition. Goodwill is recognized and measured as the excess of the total consideration transferred plus the fair
value of the noncontrolling interest of the acquiree
 if any
 at the acquisition date over the fair values of the identifiable
net assets acquired. If the total acquisition date fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired exceeds the fair value of
the consideration transferred plus any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree
 such excess is recognized in earnings as a gain.
Previously
 any non-controlling interest was reflected at historical cost.


contingent consideration the payment of which depends on the achievement of certain specified conditions post-acquisition
 from
January 1
 2009 the contingent consideration is recognized and measured at its fair value at the acquisition date and if recorded
as a liability it is subsequently carried at fair value with changes in fair value reflected in earnings.



    
    


FEIHE INTERNATIONAL
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Years ended December&nbsp;31
2012
 2011 and 2010
(U.S. dollar amounts
except share and per share amounts)



AFC is the United States dollar (&ldquo;US$&rdquo;
 or &ldquo;$&rdquo;). The Group&rsquo;s principal country of operations is the
PRC. The financial position and results of operations of the subsidiaries are determined using the local currency (&ldquo;Renminbi&rdquo;
or &ldquo;RMB&rdquo;) as the functional currency.


currencies at the balance sheet date are translated at the market rate of exchange in effect at that date. The registered equity
capital denominated in the functional currency is translated at the historical rate of exchange at the time of capital contribution.
Revenues
 expenses
 gains and losses are translated using the average rate for the year. All translation adjustments resulting
from the translation of the financial statements into US$ are reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income
in shareholders&rsquo; equity. Transactions in currencies other than the functional currency during the year are converted into
functional currency at the applicable rates of exchange prevailing when the transactions occurred. Transaction gains and losses
are recognized in the statements of income and comprehensive income.



hand
 demand deposits and highly liquid investments placed with banks or other financial institutions
 which have original maturities
less than three months. The carrying amounts reported approximate their fair value.

Trade receivables
 net
 and notes receivable
net

from trade customers. Credit is extended based on evaluation of customers&rsquo; financial condition. Trade receivable payment
terms vary and amounts due from customers are stated in the financial statements net of an allowance for doubtful accounts. Receivables
outstanding longer than the payment terms are considered past due. The Group determines its allowance by considering a number of
factors
 including the length of time the receivable is past due
 the Group&rsquo;s previous loss history
 the counter party&rsquo;s
current ability to pay its obligation to the Group
 and the condition of the general economy and the industry as a whole. The Group
writes off receivables when they are deemed uncollectible
 and payments subsequently received on such receivables are credited
to the allowance for doubtful accounts.


note (See Note 4(3)) and one note issued by a bank in the PRC received from a trade customer. Notes receivable are reviewed
periodically as to whether their carrying value has become impaired. The Group considers the assets to be impaired if the collectability
of the balances become doubtful. Interest is not accrued on notes receivable where the collectability of the balances are doubtful.



 work-in-progress
and finished goods and are valued at the lower of cost or market value. The value of inventories is determined using the moving
weighted average cost method and includes any related production overhead costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their
present location and condition. Overhead costs included in finished goods include
 direct labor cost and other costs directly
applicable to the manufacturing process.


for excessive
 slow moving and obsolete inventory as well as inventory with a carrying value is in excess of net realizable value.
Inventory amounts are reported net of such allowances of $359
957 and $392
368 as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.


    
    


FEIHE INTERNATIONAL
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Years ended December&nbsp;31
2012
 2011 and 2010
(U.S. dollar amounts
except share and per share amounts)



are carried at fair market value
 with the unrealized gains and losses
 net of tax
 included in the accumulated other comprehensive
income.


is determined by quoted market prices. The estimated fair value of securities for which there are no quoted market prices is based
on similar types of securities that are traded in the market.



in a non-marketable equity interest. Fair value is not estimated unless impairment is indicated. The Group has concluded that there
are no impaired investments as of December 31
 2012 and 2011.



held for sale when all of the following criteria are met: i) a formal commitment to a plan to sell a property was made and exercised;
ii) the property is available for sale in its present condition; iii) actions required to complete the sale of the property have
been initiated; iv) sale of the property is probable and the Group expects the completed sale will occur within one year; and v)
the property is actively being marketed for sale at a price that is reasonable given its current market value.


the Group records the carrying value of each property at the lower of its carrying value or its estimated fair value
 less estimated
costs to sell
 and the Group ceases depreciation.

Property
 plant and equipment
 net

 plant and equipment are recorded
at cost less accumulated depreciation. Expenditures for major additions and improvements are capitalized and minor replacements
maintenance
 and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. When property and equipment are retired or otherwise disposed of
the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is included in the results of
operations in the year of retirement or disposition.


useful lives of the related assets using the straight-line method. The estimated useful lives for significant property
 plant and
equipment categories are as follows:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



    
    


FEIHE INTERNATIONAL
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Years ended December&nbsp;31
2012
 2011 and 2010
(U.S. dollar amounts
except share and per share amounts)



self-made or subcontracted are accounted for as construction in progress. Construction in progress is recorded at acquisition
cost
 including cost of facilities
 installation expenses and interest. Upon completion and readiness for use of the project
the cost of construction in progress is transferred to property
 plant and equipment.


in progress are capitalized in the period they are incurred. Interest is no longer capitalized when the asset is completed and
ready for use.



individual land ownership right exists. The Group acquired the rights to use certain lands and the premiums paid for such rights
are recorded as prepaid leases and amortized over the use terms of 40 to 50 years in the statements of income and comprehensive
income using the straight-line method.


used by the Group to which the right was granted and cannot be transferred or sold to others.

Other intangible assets
 net

permits and exclusive rights of milk supply
 which are carried at cost less accumulated amortization. Amortization is calculated
on a straight-line basis over the expected useful lives of one and 4.7 years
 respectively.



assets whenever events and circumstances indicate that the related carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable from the estimated
future cash flows expected to result from its use and eventual disposition. In cases where undiscounted expected future cash flows
are less than the carrying value
 an impairment loss is recognized equal to an amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair
value of assets. Factors considered by management in performing this assessment include current operating results
 trends and prospects
the manner in which the property is used
 and the effects of obsolescence
 demand
 competition
 and other economic factors. Impairment
of other intangible assets were nil
 $457
023 and nil in the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively.



of an acquisition over the fair value of the net identifiable assets and intangible assets acquired at the date of acquisition.
Goodwill is not amortized and is tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate
that it might be impaired. At the end of each year
 the Group tests impairment of goodwill at the reporting unit level and recognizes
impairment in the event that the carrying value exceeds the fair value of each reporting unit. The Company estimates the fair value
of its reporting units based on their discounted cash flows. If the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair
value in the first step
 a second step is performed
 in which the reporting unit&rsquo;s goodwill is written down to its implied
fair value. The second step requires the Company to allocate the fair value of the reporting unit derived in the first step to
the fair value of the reporting unit&rsquo;s net assets
 with any fair value in excess of amounts allocated to such net assets
representing the implied fair value of goodwill for that reporting unit. If the carrying value of the goodwill allocated to a reporting
unit exceeds its fair value
 such goodwill is written down by an amount equal to such excess. Impairment of goodwill was nil
 $555
387
and $1
437
005 in the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively.


    
    



FEIHE INTERNATIONAL
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Years ended December&nbsp;31
2012
 2011 and 2010
(U.S. dollar amounts
except share and per share amounts)



when goods are shipped. Receipts in advance for goods to be shipped in the future are recorded as advances from customers.



equivalents
 restricted cash
 trade and notes receivables
 available for sale investments
 amounts due from/to related parties
accounts payable
 bank loans and other current liabilities
 and capital lease obligation. The carrying amounts of cash and cash
equivalents
 restricted cash
 trade and notes receivables
 accounts payable
 amounts due from related parties
 other current liabilities
and amount due to related parties approximate their fair value due to the short-term maturities of these instruments.


interest bearing. Because the stated interest rate reflects the market rate
 the carrying amount of the bank loans and capital
lease obligations approximates its fair value. Fair value of available for sale investments are based upon quoted market prices.



 net of a value-added tax (&ldquo;VAT&rdquo;)
 is recognized
on the transfer of risks and rewards of ownership
 which coincides with the time when the goods are shipped to customers and the
title has passed.


 which
amounted to less than 0.8% of total sales in each of the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 and net of sales discounts
which are determined based on the distributors&rsquo; sales volumes.



and indirect manufacturing costs
 including production overhead costs for the products sold.



of advertising and market promotion expenses
 and other overhead expenses incurred by the Group&rsquo;s sales and marketing personnel.
Advertising expenses are expensed as incurred. Advertising expenses from continuing operations amounted to $17
183
533
 $7
159
269
and $21
727
818 during the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively. Market promotion expenses from continuing
operations amount to $42
197
001
 $30
455
332 and $22
022
673 during the years ended December 2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively
and are included in sales and marketing expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income.
There were no advertising expenses and market promotion expenses from the Company&rsquo;s discontinued operations for the years
ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010.


 handling or other costs incurred
by the Group associated with the sale are expensed as sales and marketing expenses in the period when the sale occurs. Such costs
from continuing operations amounted to $6
871
782
 $6
762
083 and $7
920
298 during the years ended December 31
 2012
2011 and 2010
 respectively. There were no shipping and handling costs from the Company&rsquo;s discontinued operations for the
years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010.


    
    


FEIHE INTERNATIONAL
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Years ended December&nbsp;31
2012
 2011 and 2010
(U.S. dollar amounts
except share and per share amounts)



with its resellers
 whereby the Company pays the reseller an agreed upon amount to display its products. In accordance with ASC
605-50-45
 the Company has reduced sales by the amount paid under these agreements. For the years ended December 31
 2012
2011 and 2010
 product display fees from continuing operations were $23
551
770
 $20
180
305
 and $29
346
857
 respectively. There
were no product display fees in relation to the Company&rsquo;s discontinued operations for the years ended December 31
 2012
2011 and 2010.



by reference to the fair value of the equity instrument as at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes model
 which requires
assumptions for dividend yield
 expected volatility and expected life of stock options. The expected life of stock options is
estimated by observing general option holder behavior. The assumption of the expected volatility has been set by reference to
the implied volatility of our shares in the open market and historical patterns of volatility. Performance and service vesting
conditions attached to the options are included in assumptions about the number of shares that the option holder will ultimately
receive. On a regular basis the Company reviews the assumptions made and revises the estimate of the number of options
expected to be settled
 where necessary. Significant factors affecting the fair value of option awards include the estimated future
volatility of our stock price and the estimated expected term until the option award is exercised or cancelled.


net of a forfeiture rate and recognizes the compensation costs for those shares expected to vest on a graded vesting basis over
the requisite service period of the award
 which is generally the vesting period of the award. The estimate of forfeitures is adjusted
over the requisite service period to the extent that actual forfeitures differ
 or are expected to differ
 from such estimates.
Changes in estimated forfeitures will be recognized through a cumulative catch-up adjustment in the period of change and will also
impact the amount of stock compensation expense to be recognized in future periods.


the requisite service period
 except for 2
073
190 options granted in May 2009 and 1
332
000 options granted in July 2011 that
were to vest upon performance conditions. For such performance based awards
 the Company assessed the probability of meeting such
conditions in order to determine the compensation cost to be recognized. For the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
the Company recognized compensation expense included in general and administrative expenses of approximately $2.4 million
 $1.7
million
 and $2.6 million
 respectively.



the Company imposed on its distributors for impermissible cross-territory sales activities and is recognized as income when the
Company receives the funds.



    
    


FEIHE INTERNATIONAL
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Years ended December&nbsp;31
2012
 2011 and 2010
(U.S. dollar amounts
except share and per share amounts)



facilities are recorded as deferred income when the Group receives the funds. Such deferred income is amortized on a straight line
basis over the life of the relevant manufacturing facilities
 and are recorded as a reduction in cost of goods sold.


without the appropriate documentation from the local government authorities to specify the purpose of the funds granted are recorded
as deferred income
 and are recognized as other income to match with the expenditure to which the grant relates once the Group
obtains the appropriate documentation from the local government authorities.


facilities in Heilongjiang Province in the PRC
 namely Feihe Dairy and Gannan Feihe
 receive subsidies from the local government
authorities as incentives to support the Group&rsquo;s business development and local economy. These subsidies are based on certain
amounts of taxes paid by the entities but are not refunds of the tax paid from the taxing authority. They are without condition
and recorded as other income upon receipt.



    

Feihe Dairy received tax refunds of 40% of VAT paid and 40% of EIT paid and shared by local tax authorities
 during the years 2009 to 2013

    
    

    
    
 2009. Gannan Feihe received tax refunds of
    100% of VAT paid and shared by local tax authorities
 and 100% of its EIT paid and shared by local tax authorities
    during the year ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010.



 2012
 2011
and 2010
 the Group&rsquo;s continued operations recognized government subsidies of $10
435
291
 $9
205
157 and $21
709
399
 respectively
that are included as other income in the accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. The Company&rsquo;s
discontinued operations recognized government subsidies of nil
 $90
452 and $1
752
683
 for the years ended December 31
 2012
2011 and 2010
 respectively
 in the accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income.


 2012 and 2011
 deferred
income related to government subsidies amounted to $4
320
779 and $3
711
033 respectively
 and are included as non-current liabilities
in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.



leases. Leases where substantially all the rewards and risks incidental to ownership of assets are transferred to the lessee is
classified as capital leases. At inception
 capital leases are recorded at present value of minimum lease payments or the fair
value of the asset
 whichever is less. Assets under capital leases are amortized on a basis consistent with that of similar property
plant and equipment. Leases where substantially all the rewards and risks of ownership of assets remain with the lesser are accounted
for as operating leases. Operating lease costs are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.&nbsp;



    
    


FEIHE INTERNATIONAL
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Years ended December&nbsp;31
2012
 2011 and 2010
(U.S. dollar amounts
except share and per share amounts)


 Current income taxes are
provided for in accordance with the laws of the relevant tax authorities. Deferred income taxes are recognized for temporary differences
between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the financial statements. Net operating loss carry
forwards and credits are applied using enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years. Deferred tax assets are reduced
by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred
tax assets will not be realized. The components of the deferred tax assets and liabilities are individually classified as current
and non-current based on their characteristics.


 &ldquo;Income
Taxes&rdquo; effective April 1
 2007. In accordance with ASC 740-10
 the Company recognizes a tax benefit
associated with an uncertain tax position when
 in its judgment
 it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained
upon examination by a taxing authority. For a tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold
 the Company
initially and subsequently measures the tax benefit as the largest amount that it judges to have a greater than 50% likelihood
of being realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority. The Company&rsquo;s liability associated with unrecognized
tax benefits is adjusted periodically due to changing circumstances
 such as the progress of tax audits
 case law developments
and new or emerging legislation. Such adjustments are recognized entirely in the period in which they are identified. The Company&rsquo;s
effective tax rate includes the net impact of changes in the liability for unrecognized tax benefits and subsequent adjustments
as considered appropriate by management. The Company classifies interest and penalties recognized on the liability for unrecognized
tax benefits as income tax expense.&nbsp;


judgments in determining income tax expense for financial reporting purposes. These estimates and judgments occur in the calculation
of certain deferred tax assets and liabilities
 which arise from differences in the timing of recognition of revenue and expense
for tax and financial reporting purposes.


financial statements for further information regarding the components of the Company&rsquo;s income taxes.


Comprehensive income
includes net income

consolidated financial statements have been adjusted for the retrospective application of the authoritative guidance regarding
presentation of comprehensive income
 which was adopted by the Company on January&nbsp;1
 2012.



    
    


FEIHE INTERNATIONAL
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Years ended December&nbsp;31
2012
 2011 and 2010
(U.S. dollar amounts
except share and per share amounts)



by dividing net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during
the period.


common shares were participating securities as the redeemable common shares participate in undistributed earnings on an as-if-converted
basis. Accordingly
 the Group has applied the two-class method of computing net income (loss)&nbsp;per share
 for common and redeemable
common shares according to their respective rights to participate in earnings. Under this method
 undistributed net income (loss)
is allocated on a pro rata basis to the holders of common and redeemable common shares to the extent that each class may share
income for the period.


reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common shares were exercised or converted
into common shares. The dilutive effect of stock options is computed using treasury stock method. The dilutive effect of convertible
debt is computed using as-if converted method.



 2011
 the Company had two
reportable segments: dairy products and dairy farms. The dairy products segment produces and sells dairy products
 such as wholesale
and retail milk powders as well as soybean powder
 rice cereal
 walnut powder and walnut oil. In October 2011
 the Company sold
its Dairy Farms in the PRC (see Note 7). As of December 31
 2012
 the Company&rsquo;s operations comprised a single segment - dairy
products. As the Group primarily generates its revenues from customers in the PRC
 no geographical segments are presented.



conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the balance sheet dates and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during
the reporting periods. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates.


risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities are allowance for doubtful accounts on
receivables
 reserves for inventory
 estimated useful lives of property
 plant and equipment and other intangible assets
 valuation
allowance for deferred tax assets
 share-based compensation
 purchase price allocation in business combinations
 unrecognized tax
benefits and impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets.



    
    


FEIHE INTERNATIONAL
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Years ended December&nbsp;31
2012
 2011 and 2010
(U.S. dollar amounts
except share and per share amounts)

3. RECENT ACCOUNTING
PRONOUNCEMENTS

Newly adopted accounting pronouncements





International Accounting Standards Board to develop a single
 converged fair value framework. This update is largely consistent
with existing fair value measurement principles in US GAAP. The guidance expands the existing disclosure requirements for fair
value measurements and makes other amendments
 mainly including: 



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

 an entity can measure the fair value of the net risk position.

    
    
    

    
    

 a blockage factor that adjusts the quoted price of an asset or a liability because the market&rsquo;s normal daily trading volume is not sufficient to absorb the quantity held by the entity) rather than as a characteristic of the asset or liability (for example
 a control premium when measuring the fair value of a controlling interest) are not permitted in a fair value measurement.

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

 particularly for Level 3 inputs. Required disclosures include:




    
    

    (1)&nbsp;a quantitative disclosure of the unobservable inputs and assumptions used in the measurement
 (2)&nbsp;a description
    of the valuation process in place (e.g.
 how the entity decides its valuation policies and procedures
 as well as changes in
    its analyses of fair value measurements
 from period to period)
 and (3)&nbsp;a narrative description of the sensitivity of
    the fair value to changes in unobservable inputs and interrelationships between those inputs.

    
    
    

    
    
    



and is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2011
 for public entities. Early application
by public entities is not permitted. The adoption of this guidance did not have a significant effect on the Company's consolidated financial statements.


    
    


FEIHE INTERNATIONAL
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Years ended December&nbsp;31
2012
 2011 and 2010
(U.S. dollar amounts
except share and per share amounts)


 the FASB issued an update that
revises the manner in which entities present comprehensive income in their financial statements. This update requires entities
to report components of comprehensive income in either (1) a continuous statement of comprehensive income or (2) two separate but
consecutive statements. This update does not change the items that must be reported in other comprehensive income. For public entities
the update is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December 15
 2011. Early adoption
is permitted. This update does not require incremental disclosures or any transition guidance. In December 2011
 the FASB issued
further guidance related to deferral of the effective date for amendments to the presentation of reclassifications of items out
of accumulated other comprehensive income. This update allows the FASB to redeliberate whether to present on the face of the financial
statements the effects of reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income on the components of net income and other
comprehensive income for all periods presented. While the FASB is considering the operational concerns about the presentation requirements
for reclassification adjustments and the needs of financial statement users for additional information about reclassification adjustments
entities should continue to report reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income consistent with the presentation
requirements in effect before   pronouncement issued in June 2011. The Company adopted this guidance on January&nbsp;1
2012 and has reported components of comprehensive income in a continuous statement of comprehensive income since that date.

Recent accounting pronouncements not yet
adopted 

 the FASB issued an update
regarding disclosures about offsetting assets and liabilities: The amendments in this update are intended to enhance disclosures
required by US GAAP by requiring improved information about financial instruments and derivative instruments that are either (1)
offset in accordance with applicable accounting guidance
 or (2) subject to an enforceable master netting arrangement or similar
agreement
 irrespective of whether they are offset in accordance with applicable accounting guidance. This information is intended
to enable users of an entity&rsquo;s financial statements to evaluate the effect or potential effect of netting arrangements on
an entity&rsquo;s financial position
 including the effect or potential effect of rights of setoff associated with certain financial
instruments and derivative instruments in the scope of this update. An entity is required to apply the amendments for annual reporting
periods beginning on or after January 1
 2013
 and interim periods within those annual periods. An entity should provide the disclosures
required by those amendments retrospectively for all comparative periods presented. The adoption of this update is not expected
to have a significant effect on the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued an update regarding
testing for impairment of indefinite lived intangibles other than goodwill. The amendments in this update will allow an entity
to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform a quantitative impairment test. Under these
amendments
 an entity would not be required to calculate the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset unless the entity
determines
 based on qualitative assessment
 that it is not more likely than not
 the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired.
The amendments include a number of events and circumstances for an entity to consider in conducting the qualitative assessment.
The amendments are effective for annual and interim impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15
 2012.
Early adoption is permitted
 including for annual and interim impairment tests performed as of a date before July 27
 2012
 if
a public entity&rsquo;s financial statements for the most recent annual or interim period have not yet been issued. The adoption
of this update is not expected to have a significant effect on the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements.


    
    


FEIHE INTERNATIONAL
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Years ended December&nbsp;31
2012
 2011 and 2010
(U.S. dollar amounts
except share and per share amounts)


 the FASB issued an update
regarding comprehensive income. The objective of this update is to improve the reporting of reclassifications out of accumulated
other comprehensive income. The amendments in this update seek to attain that objective by requiring an entity to report the effect
of significant reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income on the respective line items in net income if the
amount being reclassified is required under US GAAP to be reclassified in its entirety to net income. For other amounts that are
not required under US GAAP to be reclassified in their entirety to net income in the same reporting period
 an entity is required
to cross-reference other disclosures required under US GAAP that provide additional detail about those amounts. This would be
the case when a portion of the amount reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income is reclassified to a balance
sheet account (for example
 inventory) instead of directly to income or expense in the same reporting period. For public entities
the amendments are effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2012. Early adoption is permitted.
The adoption of this update is not expected to have a significant effect on the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements.&nbsp;

4. CONCENTRATIONS OF BUSINESS AND CREDIT
RISK


the Group to significant concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents
 trade receivables
 and notes
receivable.



in the PRC which are not protected by Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&ldquo;FDIC&rdquo;) insurance or other insurance.
The cash balance held in the PRC banks was $40
394
459 and $14
859
542 as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. As of December
31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company held $30
851 and $494
340 of cash balances within the United States of which nil and $241
676 were
in excess of insurance limits of FDIC
 respectively.


 2012 and 2011 substantially
all of the Group&rsquo;s cash and cash equivalents
 restricted cash
&nbsp;investment in mutual funds and notes receivable were
held by major financial institutions located in the PRC and the United States which management believes are of high credit quality.



PRC. Accordingly
 the Group is susceptible to fluctuations in its business caused by adverse economic conditions in the PRC.


in the PRC. The Group provides credit in the normal course of business. The Group performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers
and maintains allowances for doubtful accounts based on factors surrounding the credit risk of specific customers
 historical
trends
 and other information. One individual customer (2011 and 2010: two individual customers) accounted for more than 10% of trade receivables during
the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010.



    
    



FEIHE INTERNATIONAL
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Years ended December&nbsp;31
2012
 2011 and 2010
(U.S. dollar amounts
except share and per share amounts)



in the principal amount of $4
000
000 (the &ldquo;Note&rdquo;) issued by Huge Power Int&rsquo;l S.A.
 a company organized in Samoa
(&ldquo;Huge Power&rdquo;). On June 27
 2007
 the Company loaned a principal amount of $4
000
000 to Huge Power and Huge Power
issued the Note. The Note&rsquo;s stated interest is an annual rate of 8%
 payable in cash semi-annually. The Note matured on
June 27
 2009. Huge Power has made payments of interest under the Note; however
 the Company has been unable to obtain the collateral
that is required to be pledged according to the Note agreement. As a result
 the Company has provided a full allowance for doubtful
collection of the Note as a result of not receiving collateral. Interest on the Note is recognized when received due to the doubtful
collection.




state income taxes. The Company&rsquo;s subsidiaries incorporated in the PRC are subject to PRC enterprise income taxes. The provision
for income taxes from continuing operations consisted of the following:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
222
374
    
(271
969

    
    
    
4
241

    
28
154
4
800
239
1
878
181

    
251
507
4
801
139
1
610
453

    
    
    
    

    
165
463
5
515
443
    

    
    
    
    

    
3
645
999
(306
155
(1
890
175

    
4
062
969
10
010
427
(279
722






    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
4
062
969
10
010
427
(279
722

    
    
    
    

    
4
062
969
10
010
427
(279
722



    
    


FEIHE INTERNATIONAL
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Years ended December&nbsp;31
2012
 2011 and 2010
(U.S. dollar amounts
except share and per share amounts)


between the actual provision for income taxes and the provision computed by applying the federal statutory rate on income from
continuing operations before income taxes:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



of the Company&rsquo;s&nbsp;tax holidays:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
(2
825
735
(2
059
344
(859
790

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



future tax consequences of differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases using
enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. Deferred taxes as of December 31
 2012
and 2011 comprised the following:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
896
232
158
199

    
1
723
800
1
360
000

    
5
620
032
1
518
199

    
(2
194
434
(1
518
199


 net:
3
425
598
    

    
    
    

    
56
930
40
100

    
4
278
078
10
071
000

    
    
2
873
346

    
392
513
354
799

    
4
727
521
13
339
245

    
(2
079
633
(3
441
652


 net:
2
647
888
9
897
593

    
    
    

    
(79
246
(91
892


 net:
2
568
642
9
805
701


 net
5
994
240
9
805
701



    
    


FEIHE INTERNATIONAL
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Years ended December&nbsp;31
2012
 2011 and 2010
(U.S. dollar amounts
except share and per share amounts)


against all of its U.S. federal and state and PRC deferred tax assets at December 31
 2012 and 2011
 except for Feihe Dairy and
Gannan Feihe. In accordance with authoritative guidance regarding accounting for income taxes
 based on all available evidence
including the Company&rsquo;s historical results and the uncertainty of predicting its future income
 the valuation allowance reduces
the Company&rsquo;s deferred tax assets to an amount that is more likely than not to be realized.


 the
Company has net operating loss (&ldquo;NOL&rdquo;) carry forwards of approximately $4.4 million and $2.6 million
 as of December
31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. The Company also has approximately $11.1 million and $36.8 million of NOL carry forwards
for PRC enterprise income tax purposes
 as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 valuation
allowances were approximately $4.3 million and $5.0 million
 respectively
 which were provided against deferred tax assets of
the Company and certain subsidiaries due to the uncertainty of realization. The NOL carry forwards for the Company and its subsidiaries
as of December 31
 2012 will expire on various dates between 2015 and 2032.


 2007
 the PRC National People&rsquo;s
Congress passed the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law (&ldquo;EIT Law&rdquo;) which became effective on January 1
 2008. The EIT Law
applies a uniform 25% enterprise income tax rate to both foreign invested enterprises and domestic enterprises. The EIT Law provides
a five-year transition period from its effective date for those enterprises which were established before the promulgation date
of the EIT Law and which were entitled to a preferential tax treatment such as a reduced tax rate or a tax holiday. On December
26
 2007
 the PRC State Council issued the Notice of the State Council Concerning Implementation of Transitional Rules for Enterprise
Income Tax Incentives (&ldquo;Circular 39&rdquo;). Based on Circular 39
 certain specifically listed categories of enterprises
which enjoyed a preferential tax rate are eligible for a graduated rate increase to 25% over the 5-year period beginning from January
1
 2008.


Tax Law
 a manufacturing enterprise that had operated for at least 10 years was eligible to receive certain preferential tax treatments.
Moreover
 a foreign invested manufacturing enterprise (&ldquo;FIME&rdquo;)
 starting from its first profitable calendar year after
offset of accumulated tax losses
 was entitled to a two-year exemption from enterprise income tax followed by a three year 50%
reduction in its enterprise income tax rate.


 foreign
invested enterprises established prior to the promulgation of the EIT Law have been offered a transitional policy and a grand-fathering
of certain preferential tax treatments. Thus
 an enterprise that is entitled to preferential treatment in the form of enterprise
income tax reduction or exemption prior to January 1
 2008 would continue to enjoy such preferential treatment until the expiration
of the period.


 Shanxi Feihe and Langfang
Feihe are considered FIMEs established prior to the promulgation of the EIT law
 they have enjoyed 100% tax holidays&nbsp;for 2008
and 2009 and 50% tax holidays&nbsp;for 2010
 2011 and 2012. All other PRC subsidiaries are subject to the statutory tax rate of
25% in 2010
 2011 and 2012.


government for the Company&rsquo;s PRC subsidiaries may be modified or challenged by the central government or the tax
authority. The Company may lose or receive a significantly lesser amount of the tax subsidy  from the local
government
 which would adversely affect the financial statements.


    
    


FEIHE INTERNATIONAL
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Years ended December&nbsp;31
2012
 2011 and 2010
(U.S. dollar amounts
except share and per share amounts)


PRC subsidiaries amounted to approximately $164 million as of December 31
 2012. Those earnings are considered to be permanently
reinvested and accordingly
 no deferred tax expense is recorded for U.S. federal and state income tax or applicable withholding
taxes. The PRC tax authorities have clarified that dividend distributions made out of pre-January 1
 2008 retained earnings will
not be subject to withholding taxes.


tax law in the PRC applies to the Group&rsquo;s overall operations
 and more specifically with regard to tax residency status.
The EIT Law includes a provision specifying that legal entities organized outside of the PRC will be considered residents for
Chinese income tax purposes if the place of effective management or control is within the PRC. The implementation rules to the
EIT Law provide that non-resident legal entities will be considered China residents if substantial and overall management and
control over the manufacturing and business operations
 personnel
 accounting
 properties
 and related matters occurs within the
PRC. If the PRC tax authorities subsequently determine that the Company and its subsidiaries registered outside the PRC should
be deemed a resident enterprise
 the Company and its subsidiaries registered outside the PRC will be subject to the PRC income
tax at a rate of 25%. As of the balance sheet date
 the determination on tax residency of status of the Company is unclear because
of the limited guidance issued by the PRC tax authorities. However
 the Company believes that no material tax liability will occur
for respective tax years if the Company is considered to be a PRC tax resident by the PRC tax authorities.



related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense.&nbsp; The Company had cumulatively accrued approximately $1.9 million
$1.9 million
 and $1.6 million for estimated interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as of December 31
 2012
2011 and 2010
 respectively.&nbsp; For the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 the Company recorded estimated
interest and penalties of approximately $0.04 million
 $0.2 million and $0.6 million
 respectively.



 2010
through December 31
 2012 amount of unrecognized tax benefits and interest and penalties is as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 2010
3
687
082
1
060
001
4
747
083

    
    
574
843
574
843


    in unrecognized tax benefits taken in current year
(259
590
    
(259
590


 2010
3
427
492
1
634
844
5
062
336

    
    
221
238
221
238


    in unrecognized tax benefits taken in current year
9
523
194
    
9
523
194


 2011
12
950
686
1
856
082
14
806
768

    
    
40
973
40
973


    in unrecognized tax benefits taken in current year
(2
821
178
    
(2
821
178


 2012
10
129
508
1
897
055
12
026
563



in the U.S. and the PRC. Our U.S. federal and state income tax returns are generally not subject to examination by the tax authorities
for tax years before 2007. With a few exceptions
 the tax years 2007-2012 remain open to examination by tax authorities in the
PRC.


    
    


FEIHE INTERNATIONAL
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Years ended December&nbsp;31
2012
 2011 and 2010
(U.S. dollar amounts
except share and per share amounts)




and denominators of the basic and diluted net income (loss) per share computations:



    



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 Inc. shareholders
    
    
    

    
21
162
301
4
504
572
(3
084
002


 net of tax
    
(5
705
228
(6
499
869


 Inc. shareholders
21
162
301
(1
200
656
(9
583
871

    
    
1
033
738
    

    
    
    
(1
086
622

    
21
162
301
(166
918
(10
670
493

    
    
    
    


 Inc. shareholders allocated for computing net income (loss) per common stock - Basic
    
    
    

    
20
781
743
5
067
060
(3
973
681


 net of tax
    
(5
163
449
(5
439
224


 Inc. allocated for computing net (loss) income per share of common stock - Basic
20
781
743
(96
389
(9
412
905


 Inc. allocated for computing net income (loss) per redeemable common stock - Basic
    
    
    

    
380
558
471
250
555
728


 net of tax
    
(541
779
(726
694


 Inc. allocated for computing net income (loss) per share of redeemable common stock - Basic
380
558
(70
529
(170
966


 Inc. for computing net income (loss) per common stock - Diluted
    
    
    

    
20
781
743
5
067
060
(3
973
681


 net of tax
    
(5
163
449
(5
439
224


 Inc. for computing net income per common stock - Diluted
20
781
743
(96
389
(9
412
905

    
    
    
    


 Inc. for computing net income (loss) per redeemable common stock - Diluted
    
    
    

    
380
558
471
250
555
728


 net of tax
    
(541
779
(726
694


 Inc. allocated for computing net income (loss) per share of redeemable common stock - Diluted
380
558
(70
529
(170
966

    
    
    
    

    
19
756
559
19
688
551
19
647
844

    
19
756
559
19
688
551
19
647
844

    
824
380
2
065
839
2
625
000

    
824
380
2
065
839
2
625
000

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 net of tax
    
    
    


 Inc.
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 net of tax
    
    
    


 Inc.
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 net of tax
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 net of tax
    
    
    

    
    
    
    






 2012
 2011
and 2010
 1
006
000
 1
446
000 and 856
245 shares of the Company&rsquo;s stock option
 and nil
 237
937 and 237
937 warrants
 respectively
were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share because they were anti-dilutive.


    
    


FEIHE INTERNATIONAL
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Years ended December&nbsp;31
2012
 2011 and 2010
(U.S. dollar amounts
except share and per share amounts)




formed in July 2007 to operate the Dairy Farms of the Company. On August 1
 2011
 the Company entered into an Equity
Purchase Agreement (as amended
 the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;) with Haerbin City Ruixinda Investment Company
Ltd. (&ldquo;Ruixinda&rdquo; or the &ldquo;Purchaser&rdquo;). Pursuant to the Agreement
 the Company and Jinyan Ma
(the noncontrolling interest holder of the Dairy Farms) agreed to sell to the Purchaser all of the equity interests of the
Dairy Farms for an aggregate purchase price of RMB849 million (approximately $133.1 million)
 including RMB114.5
million (approximately $18.0 million) in cash and RMB734.5 million (approximately $115.1 million) in deferred payment. The
Company has the right to call for raw milk at RMB122.4 million (approximately $19.2 million) each quarter in the
following 18 months after September 30
 2011 to settle the deferred payment. If the value of the raw milk provided by the
Dairy Farms each quarter is less than RMB122.4 million
 the shortfall of the amount will be settled in cash. During 2011
 the
Company received a cash payment of $30.7 million from the Purchaser of Dairy Farms and raw milk valued at $4.99
million. During 2012
 the Company received a cash payment of $10.2 million from the Purchaser of Dairy Farms and raw
milk valued at $10.9 million.&nbsp;


agreement with the Dairy Farms
 pursuant to which the Dairy Farms granted to the Company a primary security interest in certain
properties and assets of the Dairy Farms to secure the obligations of the Dairy Farms under the Agreement.


 2012
 the Company entered
into a supplemental agreement to rearrange the repayment schedule (See Note 13).


of discontinued operations in relation to the Dairy Farms reported in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income:



    



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
34
960
409
1
261
472

    
    
9
938
301
27
151
876

    
    
2
613
122
(6
499
869

    
    
(8
318
350
    

    
    
(5
705
228
(6
499
869



    
    


FEIHE INTERNATIONAL
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Years ended December&nbsp;31
2012
 2011 and 2010
(U.S. dollar amounts
except share and per share amounts)




for letters of credit and bank loans (See Note 20). The letters of credit were mainly used by the Group for the purchase
of whey powder.

9. NOTES RECEIVABLE
 NET


 net included in the consolidated balance sheets
as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 were as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    


 bearing interest at 8%
 due on June 27
 2009 (See Note 4(3))
3
350
056
3
350
056

    
(3
350
056
(3
350
056

    
    
    


10. TRADE RECEIVABLES
 NET


consolidated balance sheets as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 were as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
25
990
342
41
501
502

    
(1
454
741
(810
864


 net
24
535
601
40
690
638



notes and trade receivables during the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 was as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
4
160
920
4
584
336

    
1
239
920
571
872

    
(603
852
(1
041
468

    
7
809
46
180

    
4
804
797
4
160
920



    
    


FEIHE INTERNATIONAL
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Years ended December&nbsp;31
2012
 2011 and 2010
(U.S. dollar amounts
except share and per share amounts)




advances for inventories
 equipment and properties
 not delivered at the balance sheet dates. The Company utilizes advances to
suppliers in an effort to keep future purchasing prices stable and consistent.&nbsp;


is not completed by the other party in accordance with the terms of the contract or agreement. During the years ended December
31
 2012 and 2011
 no advances to suppliers were refunded in cash
 and the Group has a minimal repayment history.


 2012 and 2011
 24% and
54% of advances respectively
 was due from one supplier.

12. INVENTORIES
 NET


as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 comprised:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
13
668
736
15
461
871

    
8
745
336
8
678
336

    
8
424
220
9
188
742

    
30
838
292
33
328
949





 2012 and
2011 consisted of the following:



    
    
    

    
    
    


    Dairy Co. Ltd.
12
519
662
    


 Ltd. (ii)
8
256
920
8
947
808


    Company Ltd (See Note 7) (iii)
3
181
279
    

    
5
906
580
3
922
846

    
230
107
470
475

    
378
887
401
496

    
30
473
435
13
742
625




(i)
    
Advance
    to this supplier is unsecured and non-interest bearing. $8 million of the advance is repayable by March 15
 2013
    and the remaining balance is repayable in July 2013. In March
 2013
 the supplier paid $8 million to the Company.



    
    


FEIHE INTERNATIONAL
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Years ended December&nbsp;31
2012
 2011 and 2010
(U.S. dollar amounts
except share and per share amounts)



(ii)
    
Heilongjiang Feihe Yuanshengtai Co.
 Ltd.
    (&ldquo;Yuanshengtai&rdquo;)     was partially owned by two officers and directors of the Company
 Mr. Leng You-Bin and Mr.
    Liu Sheng-Hui
 before January 2010.     Those shares held by Mr. Leng You-Bin and Mr. Liu Sheng-Hui have been transferred to
    unrelated third parties who held no ownership     interests in Yuanshengtai in January 2010. As of December 31
 2012
    Ruixinda (See Note 7) held a 99% equity interest     in Yuanshengtai. The balances are payments made by the Group on
    behalf of Yuanshengtai to purchase biological assets and property
     plant and equipment. The balances are unsecured and
    non-interest bearing. Pursuant to an agreement signed on 31 December 2012
 Yuanshengtai     agreed to repay the amount in
    full by     December 31
 2013.

    
The
    advance is unsecured and non-interest bearing. Pursuant to an agreement signed on 31 December 2012
 Ruixinda agreed to repay
    the     amount     in full by July 31
 2013.

    
The
    advances are unsecured
 non-interest bearing and repayable within one year.



Dairy Farms (See Note 7) as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 consisted of the following:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
78
274
528
79
337
423

    
    
19
450
201

    
78
274
528
98
787
624



 2012
 the Company
entered into a supplemental agreement to rearrange the repayment schedule
 pursuant to which the Purchaser has agreed to
repay RMB 200 million (approximately $32.1 million) in April 2013 and that the residual amount of purchase price would
be paid by raw milk in the following three quarters from March 2013 to December 2013. If the total value of raw milk supplied
is less than the residual purchase price
 the Purchaser has agreed to pay the shortfall to the Company in cash.

AND
INVESTMENT AT COST




the fair value of the Company&rsquo;s financial instruments.&nbsp;The inputs or methodologies used for valuing securities are
not necessarily an indication of the risk associated with investing in these securities. These inputs are summarized in the three
broad levels listed below.




which there are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.




or liabilities for which there are inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or
liability such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities
in markets with insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less active markets); or model-derived valuations in which significant
inputs are observable or can be derived principally from
 or corroborated by
 observable market data.


    
    


FEIHE INTERNATIONAL
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Years ended December&nbsp;31
2012
 2011 and 2010
(U.S. dollar amounts
except share and per share amounts)




or liabilities for which there are unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement of
the fair value of the assets or liabilities.


value based on the quoted market prices of the underlying fund as of December 31
 2012 and 2011. Unrealized (loss) gain recorded
for the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010 was $6
094
 $(28
178) and $2
828
 respectively.



    
    
    

    



                                                                                                  (Level&nbsp;1)

&nbsp;other observable inputs (Level&nbsp;2)
    

unobservable inputs &nbsp;(Level&nbsp;3)

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
117
210
117
210
    
    
    
    

    
111
116
111
116
    
    
    
    





a private entity established in the PRC and is classified under non-current assets.&nbsp; It is measured at cost less any
impairment at the end of each reporting period because it does not have a readily determinable fair value and does not qualify for consolidation or the equity method of accounting.





 2011
 the Company entered into
an asset purchase agreement with a PRC individual
 Mao Haifeng
 to sell all of the property
 plant and equipment and the prepaid
leases at Baiquan district with carrying values of $2.1 million and $154
000
 respectively. The asset sale was not yet
completed as of December 31
 2012 as certain conditions precedent to the sale were not met. The buyer has extended the right to
terminate the asset purchase agreement with the Company if the precedent conditions are not met from May 31
 2012 to the end of
July 2013. Management of the Company expects that the asset sale will be completed in July 2013. The assets underlying this agreement
were recognized as assets held for sale. At December 31
 2012
 assets held for sale was $2
408
770.

16. PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
NET


 plant and equipment and related accumulated
depreciation as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 were as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
62
825
600
71
761
419

    
79
997
837
79
153
189

    
3
933
542
2
418
688

    
2
980
011
4
236
268

    
149
736
990
157
569
564

    
(34
746
182
(28
829
927


 plant and equipment
 net
114
990
808
128
739
637



    
    


FEIHE INTERNATIONAL
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Years ended December&nbsp;31
2012
 2011 and 2010
(U.S. dollar amounts
except share and per share amounts)



for the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010 was $8
439
405
 $6
683
434 and $5
586
699
 respectively
 of which
$5
589
499
 $4
350
828 and $3
902
514 was included as a component of cost of goods sold in the respective years.

(2) Pledged property
 plant and equipment

machinery and equipment and land use rights pledged for bank loans was $13
021
820
 $26
052
365 and $4
322
344
 respectively
as of December 31
 2012. The net book value of buildings and plant
 machinery and equipment and land use rights pledged for bank
loans was $24
971
201
 $47
231
525 and $697
580
 respectively
 as of December 31
 2011.



 $945
581 and $372
679 of interest expense
was capitalized in property
 plant and equipment for the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively.

17. CONSTRUCTION IN
    PROGRESS


December 31
 2012 and 2011 were as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
17
537
629
14
417
518

    
459
256
454
608

    
    
1
514

    
    
21
872

    
17
996
885
14
895
512



981
 nil and $861
606 of interest expense
was capitalized in construction in progress for the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively.

18. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 NET 


 net
 as of December
31
 2012 and 2011 consisted of the following:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net
    
    



for the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010 was nil
 $197
524 and $257
166
 respectively.


 which the
Company acquired in 2009
 are carried at cost less accumulated amortization. Amortization is calculated on a straight-line basis
over the expected useful lives of 4.7 years. The Company performed an impairment test relating to the intangible assets and recorded
an impairment loss of nil
 $457
023 and nil for the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010 respectively.


    
    


FEIHE INTERNATIONAL
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Years ended December&nbsp;31
2012
 2011 and 2010
(U.S. dollar amounts
except share and per share amounts)




price over the estimated fair value of the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired from the Shanxi Feihe&nbsp;minority
interest acquisition in 2006 and from the Longjiang Feihe acquisition in 2009. Such amounts are not tax deductible.


impairment test relating to goodwill arising from its acquisition of Shanxi Feihe&rsquo;s minority interest and Longjiang
Feihe and determined that the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeded the fair value of the reporting unit. The Company
recorded a goodwill impairment loss for the continuing operations of $nil
 $555
387 and $1
437
005 for the years ended
December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively. All goodwill was fully impaired as of December 31
 2011.

20. SHORT TERM BANK
    LOANS


balance sheets as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 comprised the following:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


    bearing interest at 5.6% per annum
 secured by Feihe Dairy&rsquo;s restricted cash of $6.5 million as of December 31
    2012
 due and repaid on January 30
 2013
6
099
322
    
    


 bearing interest at 6.94%
    per annum
 secured by Feihe Soybean&rsquo;s land use rights and buildings with a total carrying amount of $1
440
665
    as of December 31
 2012
 and an undertaking from Feihe Dairy to maintain debt-asset ratio of not more than 70%
 current ratio
    of at least 100% and quick ratio of at least 50%
 payable on July 1
 2013
1
926
102
    
    


 bearing interest at 6.94%
    per annum
 and an undertaking to maintain debt-asset ratio of not more than 70%
 current ratio of at least 100% and
    quick ratio of at least 50%
 payable on July 1
 2013
1
926
102
    
    


 bearing interest at 6.00% per annum
 secured by Gannan Feihe&rsquo;s machinery with a carrying amount of $20
273
576 as of December 31
 2012
 payable on July 9
 2013 (ii)
8
025
425
    
    


 bearing interest at 6.30% per annum
 guaranteed by Feihe Dairy
 payable on August 29
 2013
3
210
170
    
    


 bearing interest at 6.30% per annum
 guaranteed by Feihe Dairy 
 payable on September 19
 2013
1
605
084
    
    


 bearing
    interest at 6% per annum
 secured by Feihe Dairy&rsquo;s plant and land use rights with a total carrying amount of $15
903
500
    as of December 31
 2012
 payable on November 18
 2013 (i)
8
025
425
    
    


 bearing interest at 6% per annum
 payable on November 18
 2013 (i)
24
076
273
    
    


 bearing interest at 6.30% per annum
 guaranteed by Feihe Dairy
 payable on December 5
 2013
3
210
170
    
    


 bearing interest at 6.12% per annum
 guaranteed by Feihe Dairy and an undertaking from Feihe Dairy to maintain debt-asset ratio of not more than 70%
 current ratio of at least 100% and long term investment of not more than 40% of net assets and due on December 3
 2013
2
568
136
    
    


 bearing
    interest at 6.12% per annum
 guaranteed by Feihe Dairy and an undertaking from Feihe Dairy to maintain debt-asset ratio of
    not more than 70%
 current ratio of at least 100% and long term investment of not more than 40% of net assets
 due
    on December 3
 2013
2
568
136
    
    


 bearing interest at 5.81% per annum
 secured by Feihe Dairy&rsquo;s machinery and an undertaking from Feihe Dairy to maintain debt-to-equity ratio of not more than 70% and current ratio of at least 100%
 payable with interest on maturity
 due and repaid on January 25
 2012
    
    
1
429
956


 bearing interest at 6.31% per annum
 secured by machinery
 payable with interest on maturity
 due and repaid on April 6
 2012
    
    
5
997
871


 bearing interest at 6.89% per annum
 guaranteed by Feihe Dairy and an undertaking from Gannan Feihe to maintain debt-to-equity ratio of not more than 60% and current ratio of at least 120%
 payable with interest on maturity
 due and repaid on August 30
 2012
    
    
3
177
680


 bearing interest at 6.89% per annum
 guaranteed by Feihe Dairy and an undertaking from Gannan Feihe to maintain debt-to-equity ratio of not more than 60% and current ratio of at least 120%
 payable with interest on maturity
 due on and repaid September 14
 2012
    
    
1
588
840


 bearing interest at 6.56% per annum
 secured by plant and land
 payable with interest on maturity
 due and repaid on November 23
 2012
    
    
7
944
200


 bearing interest at 6.56% per annum
 payable with interest on maturity
 due and repaid on November 23
 2012
    
    
23
832
600


 bearing interest at 6.89% per annum
 guaranteed by Feihe Dairy and an undertaking from Gannan Feihe to maintain debt-to-equity ratio of not more than 60% and current ratio of at least 100% and quick ratio of at least 50%
 payable with interest on maturity
 due and repaid on December 21
 2012
    
    
3
177
680


 bearing interest at a floating interest rate at RMB benchmark deposit interest rates per annum
 unsecured and due and repaid on December 26
 2012
    
    
2
542
144


 bearing interest at a floating interest rate RMB benchmark deposit interest rate per annum
 secured by the plant and land
 due and repaid on December 26
 2012
    
    
2
542
144


 bearing interest at a floating interest rate at 130% of RMB benchmark deposit interest rate per annum
 secured by a property
 payable with interest on maturity and an undertaking from Beijing Feihe to maintain current assets of not less than RMB8 million ($1
270
224)
 net assets of at least RMB2 million ($317
556) and current ratio of at least 100%
 due and repaid on December
 30
 2012
    
    
2
383
260

    
63
240
345
    
54
616
375



    
    


FEIHE INTERNATIONAL
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Years ended December&nbsp;31
2012
 2011 and 2010
(U.S. dollar amounts
except share and per share amounts)



    

    and have been made available to the Company up to RMB500 million (approximately $80.3 million) until July 24
 2013.
    These loans were also secured by a personal guarantee of Mr. Leng You-bin
 Chairman
 Chief Executive Officer
 President
 and
    General Manager of the Group
 for a period of one year from November 19
 2012 to November 18
 2013.

    

 2012 to July 9
 2013.



in RMB and therefore subject to exchange rate fluctuations.&nbsp;As of December 31
 2012
 the Company was able to meet all the
financial covenants of the above loans.


    
    


FEIHE INTERNATIONAL
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Years ended December&nbsp;31
2012
 2011 and 2010
(U.S. dollar amounts
except share and per share amounts)




 2012 and 2011 consisted of the
following:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
12
153
755
5
806
444

    
645
512
327
280

    
535
697
33
366

    
858
261
776
280

    
14
193
225
6
943
370



advertising
 transportation costs and sales department salaries.




funding by employees to improve cash flow and working capital of the Company. The advances were unsecured
 interest free and repayable
within one year.




subsidiaries that are incorporated in the PRC are entitled to staff welfare benefits
 including medical care
 welfare subsidies
unemployment insurance and pension benefits. These companies are required to accrue for these benefits based on certain percentages
of the employees&rsquo; income in accordance with the relevant regulations
 and to make contributions to the state-sponsored pension
and medical plans out of the amounts accrued for medical and pension benefits. The total amounts charged to the consolidated statements
of income and comprehensive income for such employee benefits related to the Company&rsquo;s continued operations amounted to
approximately $4
755
312
 $6
920
945 and $4
990
686 for the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively. Employee
benefits related to the Company&rsquo;s discontinued operations totaled nil
 $128
330 and $231
798 for the years ended December
31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively
 and are included in income from discontinued operation
 net of taxes
 in the accompanying
consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. The PRC government is responsible for the medical benefits and ultimate
pension liability to these employees.


 2007
 the Company established
the&nbsp;Feihe International
 Inc. 401(k)&nbsp;Profit Sharing Plan and Trust (the &ldquo;Plan&rdquo;). The Plan is a discretionary
defined contribution plan and covers substantially all employees who have attained the age of 21
 have completed at least six months
of service
 and have worked a minimum of 1
000 hours in the past Plan or anniversary year.


 the Company
for any plan year
 has contributed an amount equal to 100% of the participant&rsquo;s contribution or 5% of the participant&rsquo;s
eligible compensation
 whichever is less. The Company may
 at its own discretion
 make additional matching contributions to participants.
Company contributions
 net of forfeitures
 amounted to $14
581
 $7
815 and $16
704 for the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011
and 2010
 respectively.


    
    


FEIHE INTERNATIONAL
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Years ended December&nbsp;31
2012
 2011 and 2010
(U.S. dollar amounts
except share and per share amounts)




 2012 were 180-day
bank acceptance notes which are used for the settlement of purchase of packaging materials.&nbsp; All notes will
mature within three months as of December 31
 2012.


 2012 and 2011 consisted of the
following:



    
    
    

    
    
    


 plant and equipment
12
784
034
18
865
860

    
12
025
311
9
578
354

    
2
973
046
2
475
810


 due on demand
2
470
064
442
600

    
260
978
137
933


    stations
538
042
544
889

    
532
795
1
113
105

    
    
1
180
954

    
7
099
462
5
221
883

    
38
683
732
39
561
388




    
The Group received funding from the local County Finance
    Department for construction of the production facilities in the region and working capital usage. Although no repayment terms
    were attached with the funds
 the Group considers them to be unsecured
 non-interest bearing loans from the local County
    Finance Department that are repayable on demand. During 2012
 the Company repaid $316
992 to the local County Finance
    Department. The remaining balance of $863
962 in 2011 represented the payable to local County Finance Department for the
    land use rights of Langfang Feihe. No such balance remained outstanding as of December 31
 2012 following the
    sale of land use rights and property
 plant and equipment of Langfang Feihe.

    
    

    
Other payables mainly include payables to employees
 deposits
    received from logistics companies
 advertising cost and other miscellaneous payables.





2012 and 2011:



    
    
    

    
    
    


    bearing interest at 5.76% per annum
 guaranteed by Langfang Feihe and payable on maturity. The loan commenced on December
    24
 2009 and was originally due on December 24
 2014. The maturity date was changed to December 23
 2013 pursuant to
    a supplemental agreement
2
433
183
8
353
996


 bearing
    interest at 5.96% per annum
 secured by Gannan Feihe&rsquo;s machinery with a carrying amount of $5
778
788 as of December
    31
 2012. The loan commenced on December 24
 2010 and was originally due on December 24
 2015 . The maturity date was
    changed to December 23
 2013 pursuant to a supplemental agreement
3
571
314
3
535
169

    
6
004
497
11
889
165

    
(6
004
497
(5
945
439

    
    
5
943
726




    
    


FEIHE INTERNATIONAL
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Years ended December&nbsp;31
2012
 2011 and 2010
(U.S. dollar amounts
except share and per share amounts)




 the Group entered a six-year
capital lease agreement for certain equipment under construction. The terms of the lease required an initial payment of RMB5 million
(or approximately $802
542) and required a RMB1 million (or approximately $160
508) payment on January 30th of each year after
successful completion of production quality tests. The installment and trial run of the equipment was completed in 2010
 and the
equipment under the capital lease is depreciated over an estimated productive life of 14 years when placed into service after passing
production quality tests. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Group had $1
100
366 and $1
453
518
 respectively
 of equipment
subject to the capital lease obligation.


31
 2012
 were as follows:



    
    

    
    

    
160
508

    
160
508

    
160
509


 2012
481
525

    
(46
947

    
434
578

    
(137
722

    
296
856



5.31%. There was $29
629
 $35
268 and $39
368 amortization of interest recorded for the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and
2010
 respectively. Accumulated amortization was $104
265 and $74
636 as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.

27. LONG TERM DEPOSITS AND OTHER LONG TERM
LOANS

Other long term

China Growth Fund I
 LP and certain of its affiliates and designees (collectively



did not have enough US dollars to redeem the redeemable common stock
 the Company entered into an agreement with a group of overseas
third party companies and one third party individual to borrow a total amount of $59.2 million. The loans are interest free with
an initial period of two years starting from the day when the Company received the loans. The lenders have agreed to extend the
loans for a period of another two years.


of the term loans mentioned above
 as well as to serve as a source of obtaining US dollars for the Company&rsquo;s business needs
in the year following the loans


be returned to the Company until the Company repays the full amount of loans.


    
    


FEIHE INTERNATIONAL
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Years ended December&nbsp;31
2012
 2011 and 2010
(U.S. dollar amounts
except share and per share amounts)





    
    



sheets as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 comprised the following:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
20
191
194
759

    
20
191
194
759




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
31
777

    
3
804
3
593

    
51
363
50
843

    
55
276
86
213




Directors of the Group will from time to time incur routine expenses on behalf of the Group
 or receive general advances from
the Group for settlement of Group expenses
 such as travel
 meals
 and other business expenses. The amounts advanced are settled
periodically throughout the year and amounts outstanding at year end are short term in nature and due on demand. During 2012
advances to directors aggregated to $873
468 and payments from directors aggregated to $1
047
922. During 2011
 advances to directors
aggregated to $271
820 and repayments to directors aggregated to $129
797.


 2012 and 2011
 the Group had the following balances
due from its Directors:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
79
442

    
    
95
330

    
20
191
19
987

    
20
191
194
759



 2012 and 2011
 the Group had the following balances
due to its Directors:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
31
777

    
    
    
31
777



    
    


FEIHE INTERNATIONAL
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Years ended December&nbsp;31
2012
 2011 and 2010
(U.S. dollar amounts
except share and per share amounts)



 Chief Executive
Officer
 President
 and General Manager of the Group. During the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 the Group had certain
transactions on an arm&rsquo;s length basis with companies owned by close family members of Mr. Leng.


Feihe Trading Company are owned by relatives of Mr. Leng
 and are therefore regarded as related parties.


 2012 and 2011
 the Group had the following balances
due from its related companies:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
833
542
1
814
985

    
28
054
27
770

    
1
861
596
1
842
755

    
(1
861
596
(1
842
755

    
    
    



 2012 and 2011
 the Group
had the following balance due to its related company:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
804
3
593

    
3
804
3
593



    the Company&rsquo;s subsidiary.



    
    



 2012
 2011 and 2010
 the Group
made sales of goods to the following related companies:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
562
374

    
276
242
205
880
197
345

    
276
242
205
880
1
759
719




a charitable organization established by Mr. Leng for under privileged children in the Heilongjiang province of the PRC of $51
363
and $50
843 as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. The loan is unsecured
 bears interest at 5.85% per annum and is payable
on demand.


    
    


FEIHE INTERNATIONAL
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Years ended December&nbsp;31
2012
 2011 and 2010
(U.S. dollar amounts
except share and per share amounts)




 pursuant to a subscription
agreement (the &ldquo;Subscription Agreement&rdquo;) with Sequoia
 the Company issued to Sequoia 2
100
000 shares of redeemable
common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $63 million. The Company issued 525
000 shares of redeemable common stock to Sequoia
in March 2010 pursuant to a performance adjustment clause in the Subscription Agreement.

On
February 1
 2011
 the Company entered into a redemption agreement (the &ldquo;Redemption Agreement&rdquo;) with Sequoia
pursuant to which the Company agreed to redeem and purchase from Sequoia an aggregate of 2
625
000 shares (the
&ldquo;Shares&rdquo;) of the Company&rsquo;s common stock. Pursuant to the Redemption Agreement
 the Company agreed to redeem
the Shares in four equal installments on or around June 30
 2011
 September 30
 2011
 December 31
 2011 and  March 31
 2012
(each
 a &ldquo;Closing Date&rdquo;)
 for an aggregate payment of $65
079
979. 


 2011
 the Company paid $16.1
million to Sequoia including $15.8 million together with interest accruing thereon at the rate of 1.5% per annum
 compounded annually
from August 27
 2009 until August 27
 2011
 as the first installment payment to redeem 656
250 shares of common stock.


 2011
 the Company paid $16.3
million to Sequoia
 including $15.8 million together with interest accruing thereon at the rate of 1.5% per annum
 compounded
annually from August 27
 2009 until October 27
 2011
 as the second installment payment to redeem 656
250 shares of common stock.
The outstanding liability of redeemable common stock was $32
696
658 as of December 31
 2011.


 2012
 the Company paid $16.3
million to Sequoia
 including $15.8 million together with interest accruing thereon at the rate of 1.5% per annum
 compounded annually
from August 27
 2009 until January 31
 2012
 as the third installment payment to redeem 656
250 shares of common stock.


 2012
 the Company paid $16.4
million to Sequoia
 including $15.8 million together with interest accruing thereon at the rate of 1.5% per annum
 compounded
annually from August 27
 2009 until April 30
 2012
 as the final installment payment to redeem 656
250 shares of common stock.
All 2
625
000 of the Company&rsquo;s redeemable shares of common stock have been redeemed.


    
    


FEIHE INTERNATIONAL
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Years ended December&nbsp;31
2012
 2011 and 2010
(U.S. dollar amounts
except share and per share amounts)





 the Company issued a total of 63
915
shares of common stock at a market value of $985
374 for services provided by employees.


 the Company issued a total of 43
000
shares of common stock at a market value of $337
530 to its directors for services rendered to the Company as members of the Board
for the period from August 1
 2010 through July 31
 2011.


 2012
 the Company issued a total
of 70
000 shares of common stock to its directors and employees
 of which a total of 10
000 shares were compensation for services
rendered to the Company for the year 2011
 and the remaining 60
000 shares were compensation for services rendered for the year
2012. Compensation cost for the 70
000 shares of common stock was recorded by the Company based on the fair value (i.e.
 the market
price of its shares) on the date of grant of $334
600.


The Company has
two stock option plans: the 2009 Stock Incentive Plan (the &ldquo;2009 Plan&rdquo;) and the 2003 Stock Incentive Plan (the &ldquo;2003
regarding share-based
payments in accounting for the 2009 Plan and the 2003 Plan
 which requires that compensation for services that a corporation receives
through share-based compensation plans should be based on the fair value of options on the date of grant. 




 2009
 the Company&rsquo;s Board
of Directors approved the 2009 Plan
 which was approved by the Company&rsquo;s shareholders at the Company&rsquo;s 2009 Annual
Meeting of Shareholders. The 2009 Plan permits grants of certain equity incentives
 including incentive stock options
 nonqualified
stock options
 restricted stock awards
 performance stock awards and other equity-based compensation
 to certain employees
 directors
officers
 consultants
 agents
 advisors and independent contractors of the Company and its subsidiaries. The total number of shares
of the Company&rsquo;s common stock initially authorized for issuance under the 2009 Plan is 2
000
000 plus any authorized shares
that
 as of May 7
 2009
 were available for issuance under the Company&rsquo;s 2003 Stock Incentive Plan.


 2009
 the Compensation Committee
of the Board of Directors (the &ldquo;Compensation Committee&rdquo;) granted an aggregate of 2
073
190 performance stock options
to certain officers and employees of the Company under the 2009 Plan. The performance stock options each had an exercise price
of $16.86 and a contractual life of 6 years. The performance stock options were to vest in two&nbsp;equal tranches on the fourth
and fifth anniversaries of the date such options were granted
 provided that the recipient had met the performance criteria
 including
performance targets for each of the Company&rsquo;s 2009
 2010 and 2011 fiscal years
 and continued to be an employee of
 or service
provider to
 the Company or its subsidiaries at the time of the relevant vesting dates. If the performance criteria were not met
the shares that would otherwise have vested on vesting dates were to be forfeited and cancelled.



    
    


FEIHE INTERNATIONAL
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Years ended December&nbsp;31
2012
 2011 and 2010
(U.S. dollar amounts
except share and per share amounts)

The performance
targets for the years ended December 31
 2009 were not met for any option recipient. Accordingly
 the options granted were to be
forfeited and cancelled. In December 2009
 the performance targets were amended in order to limit the amount of options that would
otherwise be forfeited and cancelled due to the failure to satisfy the annual performance goals to one-third of stock options granted
for each of fiscal year 2009
 2010
 and 2011. The incremental cost or benefit resulting from the modification is measured as the
excess of the fair value of the modified award over the fair value of the original award immediately before its terms are modified

and 2011
 no option recipient met the amended performance targets
 and the options granted were forfeited and cancelled. For 2012
and 2011
 no compensation expenses were recognized.


 2009
 an option to purchase
50
000 shares was granted to an employee that vests on the 12-month anniversary of the date of grant
 conditioned upon continued
employment on such date
 and has an exercise price of $16 and contractual life of 4 years.


 2009
 the Compensation Committee
granted an aggregate of 30
000 new performance stock options to an employee of the Company under the 2009 Plan. The performance
stock options had an exercise price of $27.69 and a contractual life of 6 years. The performance options were to vest in two equal
tranches on the fourth and fifth anniversaries of the date such options were granted
 provided that the recipient had met performance
criteria
 including performance targets for each of the Company&rsquo;s 2009
 2010 and 2011 fiscal years
 and continued to be an
employee of
 or service provider to
 the Company or its subsidiaries at the time of the relevant vesting dates. If the performance
criteria were not met
 the options that would otherwise have vested on the vesting dates were to be forfeited and cancelled. In
June 2012
 the employee terminated his employment with the Company
 and the options granted were forfeited and cancelled.


 2010
 options to purchase 84
000
shares were granted to directors of the Company for their services provided for the period from August 1
 2010 through July 31
2011
 that vest in four equal amounts on each three-month anniversary of the grant date until all such shares are fully vested.
The options have an exercise price of $7.25 and a contract life of 2 years. The fair value of the option award was estimated
on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option valuation model to be $164
516.


 2011
 the Compensation Committee
granted performance options to acquire up to an aggregate of 1
332
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock to certain officers
and employees of the Company pursuant to the 2009 Plan. The performance stock options each have an exercise price of $8.32 per
share
 a contractual life of 6 years
 and vest in three tranches of 25%
 35% and 40% on each of the three years ended December
31
 2012
 2013 and 2014
 provided that the recipient has met certain performance criteria and the recipient continues to be an
employee of
 or service provider to
 the Company or its subsidiaries at the time of the relevant vesting dates.


on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option valuation model to be $6
643
504
 of which $2
029
404 and $1
220
820 was recorded
as compensation cost in the general and administrative expenses during the year ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.
The valuation was based on the assumptions noted in the following table.



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




 2012
 2011
and 2010
 there was $2
029
404
 $1
405
116 and $1
710
272 compensation cost related to the 2009 plan recognized in general and
administration expenses.



    
    


FEIHE INTERNATIONAL
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Years ended December&nbsp;31
2012
 2011 and 2010
(U.S. dollar amounts
except share and per share amounts)




 2003
 the Company adopted
and approved its 2003 Plan
 which reserved 3
000
000 shares of common stock for issuance under the Plan. The Plan allows the Company
to issue awards of incentive non-qualified stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 and stock bonuses to directors
 officers
employees and consultants of the Company.


under the 2003 Plan.


 2008
 an option to purchase
80
000 shares was granted to an employee that vests on the 12-month anniversary of the date of grant with an exercise price of
$12.00 and a contractual life of 4 years.


Plan and 2003 Plan as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 and movement during the years then ended is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
                                                                               

    
    
    
    
    
    


 2011
856
245
    
    
71
190
    

    
1
332
000
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
(742
245
    
    
    
    


 2011
1
446
000
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
(440
000
    
    
    
    


 2012
1
006
000
    
    
    
    


 2012
251
500
    
    
    
    



 2012 and December
31
 2011 were zero since the per share market values of the Company&rsquo;s common stock of $6.6 and $2.51
 respectively
were lower than the exercise price per share of the options.


    
    


FEIHE INTERNATIONAL
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Years ended December&nbsp;31
2012
 2011 and 2010
(U.S. dollar amounts
except share and per share amounts)


non-vested options as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 and movements during the two years then ended is as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    


 2011
713
245
    

    
1
332
000
    

    
(63
000
    

    
(620
245
    


 2011
1
362
000
    

    
    
    

    
(251
500
    

    
(356
000
    


 2012
754
500
    



 2012
 there was a total
of $1
853
988 of unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested share-based compensation granted under the 2009 Plans. The
cost is expected to be recognized over 24 months. To the extent the actual forfeiture rate is different from the original estimate
actual share-based compensation cost related to these awards may be different from the expectation.


As of December 31
2011
 the Company had 237
937 warrants outstanding with a weighted average remaining contractual life of 0.8 years and a weighted

 2012 and 2011
 no warrants were exercised.
warrants expired on October 4
 2012.




payments of dividends by the Company&rsquo;s PRC subsidiaries and affiliates only out of their retained earnings
 if any
 as
determined in accordance with the PRC accounting standards and regulations. In addition
 the statutory general reserve fund
requires that annual appropriations of 10% of net after-tax income be set aside prior to payment of any dividends. The
appropriations to the statutory general reserve are required until the balance reaches 50% of the PRC entity
registered capital. As a result of these and other restrictions under PRC laws and regulations
 the PRC subsidiaries and
affiliates are restricted in their ability to transfer a portion of their net assets to the Company either in the form of
dividends
 loans or advances. For the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 the Group made appropriations of
$2
136
318
 $2
215
389 and $2
271
357 to the statutory general reserve fund
 respectively.



    
    


FEIHE INTERNATIONAL
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Years ended December&nbsp;31
2012
 2011 and 2010
(U.S. dollar amounts
except share and per share amounts)

32. COMMITMENTS AND
CONTINGENCIES



relating to office premises and computer equipment that are classified as operating leases. There were no minimum future rental
payments under non-cancellable operating leases having remaining terms in excess of one year.


statements of income and comprehensive income during the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010 amounted to $399
800
 $420
025
and $473
381
 respectively.



plant and equipment were $7
216
850 as of December 31
 2012.



of $4
681
731 over four years relating to packaging materials in connection with the capital lease obligation disclosed in Note
26.



individual land ownership rights exist. The Group has obtained land use right certificates for the land on which its facilities
are located.



and operations are located in the PRC. The Company is self-insured for all risks.



    
    


FEIHE INTERNATIONAL
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Years ended December&nbsp;31
2012
 2011 and 2010
(U.S. dollar amounts
except share and per share amounts)



 the Company&rsquo;s Board
of Directors received a preliminary
 non-binding proposal from Mr. Leng You-Bin
 its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 and
an affiliate of Morgan Stanley Private Equity Asia
 Inc. (&ldquo;MSPEA&rdquo;)
 the private equity arm of Morgan Stanley
 to acquire
all of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company not currently owned by Mr. LengYou-Bin
 MSPEA and their respective
affiliates in a going private transaction for $7.40 per share in cash
 subject to certain conditions (the &ldquo;Going Private
Proposal&rdquo;). The Going Private Proposal contemplated that Mr. Leng You-Bin and MSPEA would form an acquisition vehicle for
the purpose of completing the acquisition
 to be financed through a combination of debt and equity capital. The Company&rsquo;s
Board of Directors formed a Special Committee of independent directors (the &ldquo;Special Committee&rdquo;) to consider the Going
Private Proposal which retained a financial advisor and legal counsel to assist it in this process.


 certain alleged
shareholders of the Company filed putative class and derivative actions on behalf of the Company against the members of its
Board of Directors and certain entities associated with MSPEA. Three cases were brought in the Third Judicial District Court
for Salt Lake County
 Utah

International Shareholder Litigation
Angeles County

International
 Inc. Shareholder Litigation
fiduciary duties and aiding and abetting in connection with the Going Private Proposal. The plaintiffs in both the Utah and
California cases have requested rescission of the Going Private Proposal
 to the extent implemented
 an award of unspecified
damages to the Company
 certain other equitable and injunctive relief
 and an award of plaintiffs&rsquo; costs and
disbursements
 including legal fees. Although the Company is unable to predict the final outcome of these proceedings
the Company does not believe that the final results will have a material effect on its consolidated financial condition
results or operations
 or cash flows.

33. SUBSEQUENT
    EVENTS


 2013
 the Company entered into
an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the &ldquo;Merger Agreement&rdquo;) with Diamond Infant Formula Holding Limited (&ldquo;Holdco&rdquo;)
Platinum Infant Formula Holding Limited
 and a wholly owned subsidiary of Holdco (&ldquo;Parent&rdquo;)
 and Infant Formula Merger
Sub Holding Inc.
 a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (&ldquo;Merger Sub&rdquo;)
 which is intended to effectuate the Going Private
Proposal. Pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of the Merger Agreement
 Merger Sub will merge with and into the
Company with the Company surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent and a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Holdco (the
&ldquo;Merger&rdquo;). In connection with and at the effective time of the Merger
 each share of the Company&rsquo;s common stock
that is outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger will be cancelled in consideration for the right to
receive $7.40 in cash without interest
 except for those shares beneficially owned by Mr. Leng You-Bin
 Mr. Liu
Sheng-Hui
 Mr. Liu Hua
 Holdco
 Parent
 Merger Sub
 the Company or any its subsidiary immediately prior to the effective
time of the Merger
 which shares will be cancelled for no consideration at the effective time of the Merger
 subject to applicable
dissenters rights. If the Merger closes pursuant to the Merger Agreement
 the Company would cease to be listed on the NYSE or
a public reporting company in the U.S.


    
    


Feihe International
 Inc.
Additional Information - Financial
Statement Schedule I 
Condensed Financial Information of Parent
Company Balance Sheets 



    
December&nbsp;31
 2012
December&nbsp;31
 2011

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
30
851
494
340


 net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $3
350
056 as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 respectively
    
    

    
3
154
3
154

    
    
    

    
34
005
498
164

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
87
643
750
87
643
750

    
188
783
841
159
115
372

    
276
461
596
247
257
286

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
465
000
472
164

    
930
282
442
600

    
    
105
000

    
    
395
783


 nil and 1
312
500 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively)
    
32
696
658

    
1
395
282
34
112
205

    
    
    

    
12
193
504
4
230
102

    
1
892
605
1
727
142

    
    
170
555

    
59
222
577
32
803
289

    
74
703
968
73
043
293

    
    
    

    
201
757
628
174
213
993

    
    
    


 redeemable common stock and equity
276
461
596
247
257
286



    
    


Feihe International
 Inc. 
Additional Information - Financial Statement
Schedule I 
Condensed Financial Information of
Parent Company Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income




    
For
    the years ended December 31


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

General
    and administrative
(4
083
009
(2
796
072
(4
422
488

Operating
    loss
(4
083
009
(2
796
072
(4
422
488

    
    
    
    

Other
    operating income
 net
    
429
972
12
851

    
    
    
    

Other
    income (expenses):
    
    
    

Interest
    and finance costs
(17
013
(30
124
(1
361

Loss
    before income tax expenses
(4
100
022
(2
396
224
(4
410
998

    
    
    
    

Income
    tax benefits (expenses)
(388
816
(1
481
133
267
729

Loss
    before equity in earnings (losses) of subsidiaries
(4
488
838
(3
877
357
(4
143
269

    
    
    
    

Equity
    in earnings (losses) of subsidiaries
25
651
139
949
559
(5
440
602

Net
    income (loss)
21
162
301
(2
927
798
(9
583
871

Accretion
    of redemption premium on redeemable common stock
    
    
(1
086
622

Settlement
    of redeemable common stock
    
1
033
738
    

Net
    income (loss) attributable to common shareholders of Feihe International
 Inc.
21
162
301
(1
894
060
(10
670
493

    
    
    
    

Net
    income (loss) attributable to common shareholders of Feihe International
 Inc.
21
162
301
(2
801
496
(10
670
493

Other
    comprehensive income
 net of tax
    
    
    

Foreign
    currency translation adjustments
2
742
037
12
236
588
7
181
945

Change
    in fair value of available for sale investments
6
094
(28
178
2
828

Disposal
    of Dairy Farms
    
(2
341
550
    

Other
    comprehensive income
2
748
131
9
866
860
7
184
713

Comprehensive
    income attributable to common shareholders of Feihe International
 Inc.
23
910
432
7
065
364
(3
485
720





    
    


Feihe International
 Inc. 
Additional Information - Financial
Statement Schedule I 
Condensed Financial Information of Parent
Company Statements of Cash Flows 



    



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
21
162
301
(2
927
798
(9
583
871

    
    
    
    

    
(25
651
139
(949
559
5
440
602

    
2
364
004
1
742
646
2
599
646

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
500
716


 prepayments and other assets
    
(1
556
179
137

    
(7
163
(6
075
(486
374


 other payable and income taxes payable
487
682
    
956
115


    and impairment
    
    
652
412

    
7
963
400
    
    

    
(105
000
105
000
    


    (decrease) of     unrecognized tax benefits - non-current
165
463
1
480
768
(1
254
144

    
6
380
218
(556
577
(995
761

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
96
000

    
25
852
951
33
369
627
    

    
(32
696
658
(32
383
322
    

    
(6
843
707
986
305
96
000

    
    
    
    

    
(463
489
429
728
(899
761


 beginning of year
494
340
64
612
964
373


 end of year
30
851
494
340
64
612




 Feihe
International
 Inc.
 has been prepared using the same accounting policies as set out in the Group&rsquo;s consolidated financial
statements except that the parent company has used the equity method to account for its investment in its subsidiaries.
















     








SUBSIDIARIES OF FEIHE INTERNATIONAL
 INC.




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Heilongjiang Feihe Dairy Co.
 Limited
    
    

    
    
    

Gannan Flying Crane Dairy Products Co.
 Limited
    
    

    
    
    

Langfang Flying Crane Dairy Products Co.
 Limited
    
    

    
    
    

Shanxi Feihesantai Biotechnology Scientific and Commercial Co.
 Limited
    
    

    
    
    

Beijing Feihe Biotechnology Scientific and Commercial Co.
 Limited
    
    

    
    
    

Qiqihaer Feihe Soybean Co.
 Limited
    
    

    
    
    

Heilongjiang Aiyingquan International Trading Co.
 Limited
    
    



















     












reference in the Registration Statement No. 333-123932 on Form S-8 of our reports dated March 27
 2013
 relating to the
consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule of Feihe International
 Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively
the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) and the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting (which report
expresses an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting because of
one material weakness)
 which appears in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31
 2012.



    


    


    



    



    

















     




CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM

reference in the Registration Statement No. 333-123932 on Form S-8 of our report dated March 31
 2011
 relating to the 2010 consolidated
financial statements and financial statement schedule (before the retrospective adjustments and retrospective application of the
authoritative guidance to the consolidated financial statements and the financial statement schedule ) of Feihe International
Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively
 the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Feihe International
Inc.
 for the year ended December 31
 2012.


    
    



    

    
    

    
    

    

    

    

    


 












     
















 Leng You-Bin
 certify that:



    
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2012 of Feihe International
 Inc.;

    
    

    
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

    
    

    
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;

    
    

    
    




    
    
designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    
    

    
    
designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    
    

    
    
evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

    
    
    

    
    
disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and




    
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):




    
    
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and

    
    
    

    
    
any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.




Date: March 27
 2013 
    
    


    
    
Leng You-Bin
 Chief Executive Officer and President


    
    
    


















     






Exhibit
31.2 









 Liu Hua
 certify that:



    
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2012 of Feihe International
 Inc.;

    
    

    
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

    
    

    
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;

    
    

    
    




    
    
designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    
    

    
    
designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    
    

    
    
evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

    
    
    

    
    
disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and




    
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):




    
    
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and

    
    
    

    
    
any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.




Date: March 27
 2013 
    
    


    
    
Liu Hua
 Chief Financial Officer


    
    
    


















     






Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.
 SECTION
1350 AS ADOPTED 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 


 Inc.
 &ldquo;) for the fiscal year ended December
31
 2012
 &ldquo;)
 the
undersigned Chief Executive Officer and President
 and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 hereby certify pursuant to 18
U.S.C. Sec. 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to my knowledge:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
The information contained in the Report fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Feihe International
 Inc.




Date: March 27
 2013&nbsp;
    
    


    
    
Leng You-Bin
 Chief Executive Officer and President


    
    
    





Date: March 27
 2013&nbsp;
    
    


    
    
Liu Hua
 Chief Financial Officer


    
    
    
















begin 644 img001.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0```0`!``#_VP!#``$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0'_
MVP!#`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!


M_H\CX;_^SQQ_P#,I7U=_P`,5?LF_P#1OWPQ_P#:M/\*/\`ABK]DW_HW[X8
M_P#A-6G^%`'RC_P^S_X)8_\`1Y'PW_\`!9XX_P#F4H_X?9_\$L?^CR/AO_X+
M/''_`
RE?5W_``Q5^R;_`-&_?#'_`


I7U=_PQ5^
MR;_T;]\


M*W_#[/\`X)8_]'D?#?\`\%GCC_YE*/\`A]G_`




M`?*^E?\`!9C_`()GZ_J=KI6D?M>?#V^O-0GM8K2UAT_Q?$TJW^IIH]C
M&XH8(7U0QZ;(UV\
8N'DE#^4%:OU#MY5F@@F1XY$FACE22*198I%D175XY4^
M22-@0R2+\KJ0R\$5_-'_`



_\`58/VKA7]%
GW1_OQ
M_P#HQ:_G6_X)2?\`*4S_`(+$?]AKX2?^K@_:OH`_HLHHHH`****`*=V
[-K[




MP;^(]KI7CWPC8WFJ6

MD60_IZUO`V=T


5CXW\'?\(=J-A;W/A^S\)^
/'^E7?AIETHB6XU*Z
M73M*2/5DG$FSIG[4W[5^B:MX_B\::5\1-)'C?XB:5I7PUN-4_9X\:ZKX1^$N

^(O@7X9:;XB\
3:M\1[7]FCX@ZE)

?3G


MF\-


M._GCTK6]?\-Q:9I6D:=#XBM;30;6YNF34(K9WTJ6^@V7$OR7X+\=?M



`'YR?LW?M7_$?XD:G-=_&7PYXH^$VJ6EO:^'O%GPAUKX)_
M%:SF\+^

M

M]WO!7_(F^$O^Q9T'_P!-5I7X0_\`!Q+_`

M(F^$O^Q9T'_TU6E`'34444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`
M!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%
M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`
D^Z/]^/_`-&+




.9\6O_
M`)W=-/[7/_!=


MWP_1S-

`?MM\(/V:O`'




^+7_P`[NC_A


M^'



M8E^%^DWEQJ&1\4=?L?B5::-I^JOK

M%%`!1110`4444`(55@0P#`\$$`@CT(/%``'0`
DGZDTM%`!111WQ


-MHMEX[\




M/VT

2VB\%?LXC[-YRL)EN?AD9IB@(`=V+
M8'S`$C/[(44`?C3_`,.V?VP?^DS/[;W_`(1G[-/_`,[*C_AVS^V%_P!)FOVW
MO_
_9I_^=E7[+44`?C3_P`.V?VPO^DS7[;W_A&?LT__`#LJ/^';/[87_29K
M]M[_`





M^/O_`(;OX*__`#-5^B=%`'YV?\
C_M/_`/20_P/O_AN_@K_`/,U1_PR/^T_
M_P!)#_C[_P&[^O_P`S5?HG10!^=G_#(_[3_P#TD/\`C[_X;OX*_P#S-4?\
M,C_M/_\`20_X^_\`AN_@K_\`,U7Z)T4`?G9_PR/^T_\`])#_`(^_^&[^O\`
M\S5'_#(_[3__`$D/^/O_`(;OX*__`#-5^B=%`'YV?\
C_M/_`/20_P/O_AN
M_@K_`/,U1_PR/^T__P!)#_C[_P&[^O_P`S5?HG10!^=G_#(_[3_P#TD/\`
MC[_X;OX*_P#S-4?\,C_M/_\`20_X^_\`AN_@K_\`,U7Z)T4`?G9_PR/^T_\`
M])#_`(^_^&[^O\`\S5'_#(_[3__`$D/^/O_`(;OX*__`#-5^B=%`'YV?\
C
M_M/_`/20_P/O_AN_@K_`/,U2']D;]I\JR_\/$/C\,C&1\._@KD'()(/_
^
M@Q[9)SSBOT4IDG^KD_W&_P#030!^0GQ9\/?M0_LQ^-/V:/$K_ME_$KXK:+\0





?_`$7\*?\`
M(]!QTK]Q_BA\;_AC\%T\






M&#\7O!P///3R_3D#TYR1S7[@^*?&GASP1I(U7Q+K-EHMA)=VFG6
M_*7DU#4
M+R.1[;3-


M[T_4O%FI:%X@\7VGAT?;;+7&\/Z#K=EX9U[49;74+.WEZ7KFNZ=IT-L5,JJ
M%,:R
F@#\@?^'D__!5+_I#3\3__``[W@[\_]7T]/_K4?\/)_P#@JEV_X(U?



MPE^)OPHT'3S\5/!037)?&MW`-(\2-*(P\9\&:;J?C+2(/

;(B?

JVYN;?[4T/GBW$T?G&+C
JQ%O

62!YFW
M;R




M/@WQ_#?S^%-;74DTN[CL]15K:]TV2UN923#$T.J6EI-F4@^6-A
@^YV%`'XF
M?\/)_P#@JE_TAI^)_P#X=[P?_P#&Z/\`AY/_`




MM?VG_@7^SC^TC_P3_P!:_9WN_C?J.I6_AS4O$/Q5\-ZO?R:-HM_H^DZSXBTO





?\`L^;X-_\`J*?$6OT
3_6-_NG_`-&R4`34444`%%%%`!1110`4444`




M$(NS\*_AEXLL/'%Y:6^J^-+*QN$UW2[PVFG?V';DQV5CIVI3/;ZNT$I10`?8


M?$'Q4^.'Q


+_6OK?^$_$V@:WX;?QC=V\6H7FI^&[#Q/<:
MMX$\2:K:2#3Y8%MIE'F


UV@(V3`1]

LB(ZI\TQ_\`!5;5+CQEX]\/Z=X&\*^(

MX=;\

MLN8[6-[2TC4V\MVM





M



M*(

;;X?^

/-6\&Z[X6M4


?V6?VL?%MMJ5PGQ1TRRUFV\8_$G6HM0T[Q-
MX@L8/&_A/QSXV^'_`(Q\$_#;Q1;+;HUKI_PUTW2]?\&Z=K-KF\_L^+2Q:FW%
MYJRUQ%O_`





M)7B5M2O_`!!\2_#'@+X;_+Q3\8?AIJ6O:Y\3/%_@OP[XM\8ZCI5_KGP_:2

M^)?!&D1:;XPUSQ6WAC3X]5^&?B;QM=7%AX675[&[L9]+?2[#2KZS@O89Y;VZ




/'&M_M-6_Q3^*FJ?[XQ_OXQ_$Y/`_PCC\10^'XE^$_@Z]FO




M-)JB^?;-M^#-._X*E^/K+PO^S9K'BOPO\*/^$C^.D_@S5-:TG3KSQEHEI\./


CP



M[)7:TA92H)N`





MCF+P@'



MM_'GX?6MUI'CWQ-\



OV0/#GQUG2/%?BWQ_X]O\`Q?)\.M=^GCK
AZ_EAJ-M:SQZA=?V=XDT7Q`ECI?
MVR^_LN]L]4O+!896E7G?$?[;?[)GA*[T73=8^+GA]-;UN]\
Z1I6@V^A:[?^

#


MK!Y_%




-JVE
MZ%X^U3PWH4]UHTMY=6.DMIH_LY+)L6\0!K^-OCC^QAXKUK2])\;?&'PGJ.J_

MP=.NKC2HI[BQFV^HZY^TC^S[X?TC1/%7B+XJ^!M$T3Q)+X5?PUXBU&[6+2-2
M;QC:07/@J:VUS4-




[&Q@\

M*[8B7G;_1C'UD_ZZ?\`LB5_.I_P4_.?^MO_!)U006;P_\`&LJ!@DA/B!\$
M&8@=3M`).





*@J@DG#`%]Q/YT-_P4


M:
=K2'$8.'.-Y^Z>F

J-X=T_2M<UK0?#FNZAI,VO:1X9U
MWQ0+1X='U/6-MI=5TZ#53;070SPO<?:`J2S^#/VH?&?Q9L/CWXJ^$_@[3-
M7\)_`GXI?$KX.ZG;^)=4U31_$?B'Q=\(@DGC&[T2U@M9(%TN]GU/^R]$2\V7
M0N-*EDFB*-:RL`?G/\`@N/XV*&0?\$YOVI#&(S*7%IHY'EC;E^')P`Z'IDA



M*_H!WKC.X8S@'?+@G)&


`!6/
M
Q.'.%X'.3V'4#YB-O-*9(P3(`%.2\@4?(7SNSC&U2=V=N01G=Q0!_/_\`
M\/Q?''_2.7]J7_P#T?\`^.4C?\%P_&[@JW_!.;]J4!@5)-CI#@`Y&2JEV8#.

.)20G).
G:3MSNX9@%(-(TJ*Q8_*J/QYQ



M'C^MU`=[$@X^?![$%@1W]




;;7'('(/
M3^\/F7*\TP7$18+N.YA*0-CX(AD6)^2N

#PV
M
$@CJ
C((!&??&3@#D@%JSQ


47@\L-W'3'.U@I/#D80DXJ*6:)HMP?(
?F#`.2C



MR%0G0'ABR\]!SDC!P`245'YB8SG@

MD




JN
G&
]P`

VT

T:X);@LB@@



$KN(8
J?=?&YTWJ

MVCZ_8H_]:#_;KK]'#(@.V20.#U[SR1C`7DGH.A(/%?G!X!D1O^M7[4
B

MC/IVSSW!R`0:42QD9#`C#'.!A3M/.

$



MP)4[2


`5R&5FRKN`%90VXK&YV[=V%)`Z4`3






RQJ0I;!968#:Q
MX098G`P
#H#@D]


9((.#D$@$E%5)+ZU





[IYFN-&^RZ4J06L^EW0$\@5[F*(2M$`0Z!\'_@3X4\31Z[9?

]UX8UGPYI^GZ'I
M-TEP+OQ!I5JD.+[2.;T_\`9X_9BQI+:9\OVD=&O-/N_A5J?AW6K&7Q/IF
MH^!M5\0ZSXS\1:-XB\,:C;:ZESX:U?PC=^-/%2^.+K185NM%@\2WUB8[N$$


MC3P39Z?\
9IKWPWI
WB_XGWWQ/\`%W@R)]3U?6+S3Q\/]&U#3]`2Y^R:ZHNS

M$6OV7@KPK!KGAR_UZ?1M=^(%MHEQ
M'/B1\0;[PS\




WA#X+6QT7P_H2^7KA4Z5J]K)(WA5#Y



MI:W%G*UO=L;.SFM?]N+JUFLYKD`V]$^


M6FC^!+F+^Q_%UW.%33KYE$:WT;I*
^/]H:!]%AU63X0_&U!)X4U3QH-
E\#J


M+Q;J]2VNK*ZMH@#ZSE^-UM#J
^DGX9?%N2.#Q%K/AD3KX+0Z?(VA^'$U\ZND



?M!0K827R

._&

M203BTN`J/]%`^]&8NLS@.J2E06,#Q2,H^U962

M'='X3_&
K+HUMKB6O_'PY#R^)SX9N-

Q4H
MOT4(Y
)^Z=1&.%1AE.
A(#Y^%7;^Y?)C*_P
J'%2R0.495&XN0K`F3`!X;I.


=334IY!JF[^R?#7EFT\92J#);7;HMI'<IN<_0`64*0$E#$(`SL650
MRIE3=[BR;$:X967SE8X)8G:-#(0W#X(F&-S[]DFWS5#Z`$DA`-L^?W`J=I
M)R`?-5U^T9;1:7-K8^#WQJN&7PKXL\2VNDIX+07\]YX3\7V7@UM!D4:F\8UO

Z7S2)P)#
J
MNCVH:$?
P#@'SM!^T%:3VD%U+\)_C#%]KTSP3J;Q-X/@*VO_``G-S+;VUC=
M-4)2Y\/6T0N?$C#








M2_$ZTD
/@^-8[N3X4PQS1R0-)J;

/@4JC7MU!.NH_8(@&J2V^.\
M$E[':_\`K_BZOVC5/`]I%-_PA8
4
?Q!T275[?4+I_[0E

7AB:SN-&\6LR








EQXEUB.0




MVU#PY;1:F]](RQV\
_H?P5_;3\+?%?Q5X?\``OB+P-KWPI\::]#XB$ND_$.\
M@\/&6SM]7N=-\*Z9X5N/$5IH&H^



MP0I$[);1

T
B[&`DD9#A@&(Z;V\R
--\LC!VB9MX
MW[CYA9!0!X#'\=+66^BL1\







ME_&_PI^


EU]E15

NW4_


4\M]R*




7

#Y
H
I5F`(`/GV[^/


$[6L?Q`=7C\
M)1F&=_`\
-U+L8WY(_X2MI!!X?W*!/*K!A$A#U]*H*C)*XZ*2=HX^[M63!C
M4LH52H4-B$#$-4:9!9F63YW1FR,&.(H\[KHJ#&@+W`&5F&T@

M'*VN;Z'3H_AA\6+?[9JO@?1EN;KPB@M+-_'V@#7(M1NV_M-631M!=4TGQ655






M\%%?NK6MCK^B?7QWJ_A&_M;321XCM9[+[1#\4+N+Q/Y'@&/0+:RNM;GTV*
MX\+ZM'/XVLK2^TV%9!/%&SPR01@'U&/CM#_:(T]?AC\6T
FN1:

*#
((_V@[=XH)W^$WQBA\RQ\(:E-$?!









MZ\81C5`OF^

MS;'^U/#@\0IJ:/\`VB1+I-A`%T?4;B


IE5WE_/


M]%I2_

D?VJTU29

M96!:VE&/(C#(2C'E6RY93)$8WRDN6^5DRF-@-R=B&`RPR`H&:Y*3;1&#N`/!
M6^.=LNHW-G-\

\/@QG

M.6\+X@!EA+IY#3N37T(7!\LAL$A=Q:9%W;B
H+GEHB%69LMO5B$\P$[2



M9-DEQ97$\WEJBA_WT\0?M/\`B_X!V7PK\`?&WP3K/C+QGJ7[/_C/XD^*_BGH

MXK:TNKZV`/;KO]H2WT^^U,?'XTR_8=&^*VN1VL/@L27M[_`
*SUZVTF;1[
'?#)U






!
M10!N_3]?3O\`Y_PKQ#Q#^SS\#_%7BW5?&GB/X+?W7_&&L'1&U/Q9K'@'PCJ
M6NZDN@-+_8)OM:OM/GUBXET5Y9Y+,2R/#&C*-2


[S5/^








D#_@D5_P4)('`)\+^%]V.



M\.:Y9VB^%=
^
7_5Z-X*\K_`(I8VUN\A;^DGPU\;/@WXR\1W?@[PK\3/7B



MY_P1J_X*

MQ:DMK:VT
!\O3;&242M[U_P^H^
33OVQ8?WK0[#NH`_'3_A]1\8
M?^D17_!0G_PF/#'_`


?VS4YHI9DM(6PS[(7!/*X$;




M++L8%3(I]S_X)OHT?[%7P%CQ&?*T3Q%M
2[$P?'OC(%=K`'H`#W+DL022`



MMD*(V&=0='

M7_P2^&?_`)-H_P'UGQN_PD/O\`P4%]/^0+X9Q^7VVOWS'DDJ`T^6.!^]N#
M@@$G=B3Y0`

M


M``OKUNUUI'AK0+6[U*YO?0-4_PC.I:QX^\-?%#4?\`@BS_`
:%
MN+-RP$T@9&B1E::X5E:9@D8*E\Y+[HSQQ(CJ<%30!^!%M_P6A^-MJ9O_!'_

DW`D:WODN4CN#:R/;7CW)=Y`-JS032*EPT0
M\AB)!Y\'RXFCW`'X-?\`#ZWXW_\`2'W_`(*_P#@E\
__)M87B?_`(+F_%#P



&[_5-&U`M+:M-'=V.H74$\4B.DF&Q7T;7YC?
M\$<V+_\`!.?]F\DN0/#FKA\K3-L'B/5L+N

M%%`!7QM^W;^T\W[&7[



W0M&RMNDSO.K_P]8_X*/?](;?BK_X7WQG_`/H0*_5C]B=MG[(W[.4<
M@DWP_#P1`V1<GF+0K1594DFN)8XG4*T*/

RR`91
MI!H;_@JQ_P4?7.?^-WQ4X\O[OC_P,S9\UMJ;2O[()W$=9=H/DJ\QC09/






?$'XQ

;QI;7E^NOQZ3XKDN996U;1O`WPU33I;B.Q$4?Z=


M.^



?$VF_:-/T^-9UGN/+M



?_!462Q^''PXU/Q]\-[+P


/\`AS=\4\JS*3_PL#XRX)2+S25/_#(.
M&4IPK*65Y?W%IOW=)_P]8_X*/=_^-OQ5]3CQ]\9_R_Y-`_S]
U^U?PC\6M


%/EQN6B(


MWW
]K;))/%^W?[.?Q:@^/_P$^#/QQM]`G\-Q?%OX:^#?'D?A^XO8[Z;0[;Q=



M!S\7?@2!R0`



MP[\:ZCX$\`6?A[Q1+XJTGQ%X'D\1ZMI?C?1+O0_V.M4_:*U*:35M9M;'PWI&


_BQ\1/]S8?##0//A3PUJ-RD&D^,DUOXEZ?XCM;Z&)
M+'5-)AFBLKS2TT.ZCU6#6K,S632,(%N#-',B@'Y/_&;Q9_P6=_:'B^','Q7_
M`.1GP7\:6OPA^*WAWXQ^!(M0^

M^C
GV$D\23&V%O'MC4Q.I]4^#/CGX_:G








M=;MKJ\7POX=U[6?L]M)]ETR;+


U#0?#<NC2Z!H=_\2_AMX9\:7FC:/+KDZZO+IVE7.M2V%K)J`%R\5NK/

/_`)1J_P#!//\`[


(-/TKQ-$+'1_%*Z]<?;HM9+QV
'0ZK^S+^U



MEX1\8_#WP_J_BO45N1XAUGP_\5;CQ1J

MPVAN9&5O*



M3\-W

;;S8;DQ+%/;JL$IEW(HP6./G?PG\?;&W^#'[+

M\0=&N/!WB3]H/6/&%G:^
M&ATR[N?$'A/1OB+X3\+V?B*QN%E\0V%I)-!K4T


MM;VPL]&MU\3Z?XNU*;PY=:$9_

MSSA_:%H4N$BC9RE?K


/$?[1OA'6/&WCK7?[#^)_@


M***`&O\`=(]1M'U;@?J:_DD_9*\!?%KXH_$/_@O[X+^!UTMO\0]8_P@_B:


MF-F_=A(Y#AU4F3S




M'7_A9!J&J6MCIOB&/;#)_;ZVMWI^J65_;#35OA;?95^:)\?2/P2'[3&J:+^T




MT^#.I?%^;P9\31\65T2S^'^F)X1TZ]U*Y^(NK:(WBHGPYJFJI=:9I_ATZ=!=

L;_1'PD^+/AOXQ^`?#GQ#\.&\TJRUV*^$&E:Y%#:ZW97

Q

M/@B_T:^_9HTN^^+
XU






[C1-+U/2_B-IUU::U?6FJ:'.^L66G/I5O*FM6UQ/MN+/
M9(4`.TJY_:_UGQWX736H_'GP


$F
M?VMO&WQ:UHW&H7GPAUSP[HZV5UI%]IVOZ9X5URUTRW^)UM)IME:16ESX^AC7
M7+G22)$L6DV0
JLH'[0:?;6GB7P[ITFI6FGZM:ZWHFGR:E9W5I%/IUW%J=M%

MK$%K96



M[='PX\




MO#
FE^'E$J:1XV\8^

M?#GDR376FZ!X$DO]*?1KA;03QM%9R30-8WM@ML_D
_D/:);DYCQ6'INK_LMZ

MK1:5H\4$^H^
O$NJ^(=8A\56
=FEGXBT(#49+.UTZZ1%MD5)D?=EJT++]@SX





M-&L6K:9J7ASP5)K'BE/L'BWP[X:\-6G_``J#2/[9MYKO7_AOX;L(=1DCG#-0






MKKX47VL3^3I^BW)T[X-_76_A5I=O%J421IIT-_X;U75]6O;N!EN89\S$PK&
MI`!]9^$_&7PHT_0-1L/FO\`@[3?#?@.WL[._L](NM-TW3/FG/&]KH\EREO
M((K2SO;11+82L%2:W,4BE@03=7XX_!GTJ)?B3X

NN3BVTB

9[^X_X2





5WHNH6OQ#^*^L:8MA:30$^:]

#[C_P;_\`R8%^QC_V;=\&^O\`V)6E_2OS*_;^















M6W\':C9P&&W\EHY-

MNM6T7C/P3;:!9^%=9TCX?ZIK4WBK1UTHZ=9S:SXATJWMX;B\MK&]AL[BX$DZ
MP^7/Z7XH^/GPG^'6E?`7P;\/?#0\9'X]^-'\`_#P=X8M+:UT.]A\,KX@\4^
M*?%,[:A%':VVA:%H&BZ[XHU'4Y(I;C4(M-%_8_:9WBGKCX?V7OAI?W.F__7

MODFHZ9\76\/?#?58KVXL=-@UJYM)K?Q3X0M]1TO2].\<0&!)4T7POJ&O:T
MEC!%KKVTMM<0RRW2J9D:O<;;2=.!5K:QT^&5&9X;BPL8ID1<-`\;Q)A'`FD

_$OA/Q1J&LW7Q/\`
M%?B70;S1[33K7PGK46F'3M*O+74;JZ_M2RN+6WBNVGEL;B#2&CG=T%E86I&)

M_-K_`(+$_P#*/7XX?]?_`

K_
M`(+$_P#*/7XX?]?_`



ZLX;YR

MJ'FAT9OVOO&K!-C,XCDU658)'V!E1;C.Z(,P;8TBH
$_T/(040@@_*.A![

M


MX\1O!+KYMK*!&U:6`64+7K+&L5PD5F/+2)X=N
)PN35J/P_H=H46#0]+B1
M+F*X46]A90BWN((YA:7BH(5Q-&DDEM$8P[*LI10%
BU^'7_#L[_@J'Q_QNM^
M

MS6KKX

^
M'M)


MK_P[/_X*A_\`2:WXS?\`ADO`/_R=1_P[._X*A_\`2:WXS?\`ADO`/_R=0!^]
M5
D(6.0D$A48D*
L0%)(`[DX(`[GBOP8_P'9W_!4/\`Z36_&;_PR7@'_P3
MJ/\`AV?_`
%0P1_QNN^



)'65)DB=&CWB-AM/[P':6CVR'\N?BC_`

M[#6+*\?3=5AE:RO8K2^LKA[&21(+NWF$4B?M-^S#\#[S]GKX$_#;X.ZIXKC\


C'_AM
M_P#X+9`HRLG_``4%^*FY&4@KYT7AJ6+U!WQD.K-E2#]?Z)[EE61G)$8V^:

ZY8*#_*1\
?#?_!5O]B']K+_@H1XX^!W[#7@[


4`/ZMIT\Z

MGQ)1O`F@B/XO*R_$JU-JDMKXR4V9L#'K2[8VGCN+
B&XC&%:


MP
_\/K\6_P#YQ5'_``W7_P`%Q/\`I%5\#/\`P^OQ;_\`G%4`?LK_`

O_`]/



M_A]?BW_\XJC_`(;K_PXG_2*KX&?^'U^+?_`
XJ@#]H;+]FWX
Z=X;NO!ME


MX?7XM_\`SBJ`/V5TK]EWX#Z#'!%HWPF\&VL5LOA2.WC_`+.CVV\/A#2)/#NB


GBOSP_X;K_`.XG_2*
MKX&?^'U^+?\`\XJO#_VE/CI_P6K_`&G/@1\4_@+XC_X)D?+PKX?^)_A6?PM


OB75PRX!RIX(;D$&OTVKX,_X)E_7XB?

M/BVP\'+H/ANQEL;6^OCI7COPQK%ZMG-J=Q:6
L\=E87


+?
M2]2U\BO=1UFSU;^R=-T;3;W48/%UK_P4:/BKQ[IOAVT^*0\%Z=X:^)VH^!-







MZ^&[WQ);ZGI$6JG7YI+3\\T_;J_X+C)M#?\`!*_X'L(_)*F/X[_&W1W,S[
M8P#X(3+&)+
K%;*7F
-UON7:56\@

?''P?XIT<^(HCI7Q-7QH;VY\))IK7FFZ5H\ME9


M'.%F_P6GP2V

M?'^L1P'2==CT^X74H4M9GDF#I


M#PN7]NG_`(+B

@.W#!4_P!6#\N\
M&%OVY/^XQ7'_#K/X(Y\O=L/QU^
G

M&;X]?%^1LL3C(/P





M;MWU7:K
&'4%5)!`(K\%/VX?V?^@?C3]NWX:?MK?L3_$C]ESPIKWP\\`W?
M@RR7X^^'O'GBZ5(=7T/4O#^NVMQX;\.R:-;W@NK2^CN[?Q''XPL=7MIX%LFT

M`






MABHCX'_X.20S8^/O_!+

M;BVM-?U[X1:/IWAW5$@O;&]

MXM^)&O\`ASXPQ:3XLT47\?P_U/3_`!%HFGZ]X3UZUL=%LG\.ZSHWB'P?IE[Y

M/)_=9'^OJ
^/^#DDC)^/O\`P2Q9]N1GX#?&[2;I5#J_P#PM?.[R652Q7`W
M/&$(7S90#ZZ_92^W[4?A_\`:)B^*O[1EII%YJ]A^S;K'P=\2^.]*\7VVI:?
MX^\56_QWUKX@:#XBT7PO;:18#P]I-WX6U^4R6$YLVT74DNM+MK;4;9UU*OT_
MWI_>7_OH?XU^!:^/^#D-#\OQ\_X)9Y==TTG_@OC

^&C_A#/^#D7_HO_P#P
M2U_\

C_@L/\_\`P3T^.A3YRE[\*G*HKR
R



M****`OSJ_:Q_P3Q_\`@F?_`-E=^/O_`*SGXQK]%:_.K]K'_D\?_@F?_P!E

8D!+@D\8`S/10!%%&8S)G9M=@RA4*D#8JGS'


M`
B@#[-#_<3_`+]Q?_&Z
M/LT/]Q/^_47_`




]&_./_`.1ZFHH`AV2_\]&_./\`^1Z-DO\`ST;\X_\`



MC(B/[)OQEWQ8_P!N0PONR
5((S\IQR

MYQTRQ.


M+YKGXD^'A%X(U+3M+UP6_P!OO9&O=6\VPM=#2TM9G\4R7&H6]S87PVFIVT



2%.:`+U
D8HC

MXY(&2'U'




=-

MQ;`0#J&5OBCG.X@'KC)&



3C`P-GQ0)R
@GC/(_!!_P



@'[X;G_`+OZ&F-)*O\`RRW`AL



M8S*I90Q(!VKD#D`\5+7YT?\`!([QEXH^(G_!-;]C?QSXUUW4O$WBOQ7\&-#U






M)7.=K=&7/0[6R
C@XR
@BI*`*:W8=I51-PB9PSJR.!Y3!9`5C9I`_$FU@+&
M,KP2*M(6*J7AB`6DLH..0K$`D`]0



MO]
NI]/NX)H8+MFC#%-K?*7PG_X(K0^/?A=\-_'-Y^WI^V[8WGC+P)X1\57=


-
PSQ[^E4H[\2$*(Y$DW[&CEBF20?O7BWB,QB3R6\J1HY
MRHBD@A]K9'X

?VM(_!GA.Z\;
M^
/%OC?5K#2=/^#'PLO9TMM6\;Z_XFU6V75-5NM3U6^M8K\VBW.IW?V2*W5]
MS`']`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1









M_PE`/'_&P[XN#*@*?^/#2SG@=??TK]FOVJ?CK8?LP?L\?%GX^:GH=_XHM/

MXE?!7XGZ)\)_B5)X8N&^)7PUM_BKX&^(/A;09[RS\
/I7QE^%OPVU[P!XF\)




M)N(+NU\5%[F+3X98M%=I#

MHFB$:CT_QC_P4-^#OA?X=2?%.UT/Q[XG\$_9-$\O6?#FCM=PV^O:XOAMK?PM
)H)8G2WUOQ3J-WK%[;`_9VN9G$<<<1
=16G
M[!/[(M@E_!9_`[P?;VFIVOAJTOK.&[&G7,?A:RF\.2RV!N3:/=:9_9MA#!




7]



&M;

MNG6L2LD482@#YG^!'[4GC_X]_!^+]JFP'A#P-\#HO$_Q'DUGPIXAL-2N_&_A







MG/\`X+!?L?\`_!+W_@DW^P'+^TI+\79M7US]F_PMJ?A[0_A_\(?&/B.WUJ%[
MK5(8DM_'-[9Z+\
HKD30/%=:=/XT35;
%9YY+@VO_``C=QK6IZB&$<BSR+(``#^@2HC&Q)8E6.61@&7(J

MZ8R3D]*^#8_^E_[)#(_B'XQ1NRR1_\,J?M52-$ZL5:-VM_@Q/#O4@AE25
M]IX)R`__AY;^R-_T
?QB_\`$4/VL/\`YR=`'UQ??#+P-J5]XNU*\\-Z;+?^
M/-






^.OP[UZ^W:CXT^&







^\MD

M!%+'_P`(%I&I^#?^%?7EGX=









%8U(5`(K]#O)7U_P#'
M(O\`XW7Y[?\`!*;_`)1V?LE_]DDMO_3QJE?H?0!#Y^O_CD/_P`;H\A?7_QR
M'_XW4U%`$/DKZ_\`CD/_`

B*P

`D;JOSNC
2-Q8
Q+`]\%@;51RG$4A)``1N3]

U9+980CS.23^O?_#\?_@FU_T6CQ9_X8WXX_\`SO:`/UJ:(,N3N&<2;4W
MAN2&^YM)5L
`5QN4$@\Y!&`X??(QVA3ESL8C`WE%PF\CJ0H''`'%?DK_`
/Q

M_&_X)M?]%H\6?^&
^./_`
[VC_A^-_P3:_Z+1XL_\

M_#\;_@FU_P!%H\6?^&
^./\`\[VC_A^-_P`$VO\`HM'BS_PQGQQ_^=[0!^MW




MT'Q3_P`$EOV(]$\2Z-I7B#1=3_9Y\



9*^/_


M/]F@;?V=/@

^(-









MOU?PZAX6_;WUVSCO/[
\1?MFPZYI


M:X^++$Y.3_QA)^TJ




M#)_#7_YF:^B:*`/G;_AD']DS_HU[]G;_`

G\-?_`)F:/^&0?V3/^C7OV=O_
M``R?PU_^9FOHFB@#YV_X9!_9

M[]G;_P`
G\-?_F9KZ)HH`^=O^&0?V3/^C7OV=O\`PR?PU_\`F9H_X9!_9
_Z


G\-?_`)F:/^&0?V3/
M^C7OV=O_``R?PU_^9FOHFB@#YV_X9!_9



VXR
M1AJ\;3]CS]DB.-(H_P!ES]G2..
*J1I\$?ADJ*J#:JJ@\+[5J,*%A1P
#B



MP/JG_I)=5O5@Z_\`\@#Q#_V!]4_])+J@#X._X)3?\H[/V2_^R26W_IXU2OT/


%]4N=\0Z'JOCG3(KS3=5LYI(;FRN


;_H^;]G#_P`.)I7_`
77
MX]_\$FOV;O@A^T1\4_\`@H'-\;?AUH/Q+?PA^U3\7]
\*1^*H[N_M_#]G=?%

BO*5
M#KI4LFQL
[Q`1
J.((T?F2ON+#8SM,T:2`'*?\`#WK_`()C?]'S?LX?^'$T
MK_XNC_A[U_P3&_Z/F_9P_P##B:5_\776O_P35_87ED_9J^&[
'^5/[(G127
O^8W_1\W[.'
M_AQ-*_\`BZ[-_P#@FG^PJH7'[-'PX)+JORZ3
W4X^;%P=J_WGQA1R:IO_P`$

]?\`!,;_`*/F_9P_
M\.)I7_Q='_#WK_@F-_T?-^SA_P'$TK_`.+KJ6_X)M_L+*RJO[
_PW9MZ1RQ

MV&05$7[-'PT)Y8[M/E0G;C`;I=RODARNUT`!7.2*`.0_P'O7_!
;_H^;]G

=I!4D`''_`/#WK_@F-_T?-^SA_P'$TK_`.+H_P'O7_!
M,;_H^;]G#_PXFE?_`!==FO\`P34_859F!_9I^&HPJG']DS\;BXY?[3L8_+@J
MNF/FR&4E'_X)J?L*J
_\

MO_BZ/^'O7_!
;_H^;]G#_P`.)I7_`
776G_@FM^PHOF%OV;/ANN0%7=I4AB2
M0`C:FV99'+8\S#%\]%VC*T?\.U_V%]Q(_9G^&I0;2X.E7*NBD8RD/F-*X8AL
M

27
1
5S&!LN(\)*K*-





JNG[1OPZD&70@LC






;_
M`*/F_9P_\.)I7_Q==

M
S)&NZ




M!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`5^:/[:
M?_)V'_!*+_L[;XL_^L2_M*5^EU?FC^VG_P`G8?\`!*+_`+.V^+/_`*Q+^TI0
M!^EU8.O_`/(!\0?]@?5


M)H=MX2^&OC+X
^+/B;\$/!MCH7CCQ1X]N(1\+/&'QKUI-.UB[O?$TLL4_P`-

M

M@!0@-\

79)Y+2^7,)=?E8Q%

C
M88#&`?H8S@*QR5P

R.CJ


MNEZA^S1^V%J]]:^)/C'\8/@]\)9_'/A.[^`Y^%NL^

N=2\.VOB

M^D.WAB#)!&'=I66


M3^+?A


-EXC

T
MJ_L[3^Q/[:UGQ!INE1V5S#*UK;-]L!:(QX`/C_QA^V5XI^)'PM\6C3XI[1M!
M\?VGPVGTCP3K7QR\

6^LW


M7XCV'A/3/%?Q!^`WBOXC6.@_&6^CL-4UJTU2_P#&/A:'X?R^(=/6&VM+WQ1!

U
MB\



6O@ZYTC6?%%O


MTN\\
^(]19KQN5^-'[7WQL^*RZ#HGA&\MOA7XI\?M+^$O!7C3P7X?'Q&NO'
M_A6.PU.X7^V_%$/A:[33/'?PH\;Z4HUO29GA\.737@^TZ=J5NTEVOZ)ZY^V

WAS4H&\0Z1JI

G_`&QOA[JWBKX?^%?AQ
?'2^)/C'%\&/%UQ'=Z


MBGPI\

*:#/X[M=TE],NS=VOAVU(0237MU'%=:G:ZQ9P
M$VZ0^;ZA\-OCO\)OBQK&HZ-X%\5:?K^K6^CZ1XT@6WMIK+^UO!^NRWN@Z5XQ


=7\(?\`

-9O%7Q
MGT[4M6U.63]H+P]X\^*GB/X1^!OA_K?Q7N_#TUY\6/V=/%\VJZI\)O&GPB;[
M)H=K%X#U'2O#GQ&\










$V_P!I
OL!72/#

3$@L0/U.DM8)5=)8Q*K[PXE+2!DD96DB.]F_

J*2Q9$5
!AE*D:CJ9<F7R9X]K#:%







M/O\`\Q%`'W_)8V$TS7

J2%G28_OD+R;'422!OS]_X9+_:
MJ_Z20?&W_P`-!^S[_P#

M_
11_P`


?&GQ#UK5K7Q!\+V^&?PX\0^)?


TC7-2L/V;M8\<G6)M
U?


VN^'O'ME


M:Y:RW&IBWN-'N[74UG;2[O\`:8Q(V
@G&\J2[[E+@AF5MV5;:S*K*0R*S*A5
M205:-&!&NYTD8HS1LSQEI9HRK

1HCJQ*R1CRI`T9*$`_#7X#_`+7'QMLO



M\XR;5PXQ(2Q(9MP4$

M1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!7YH_MI_\G8?\





M!33]@GXN?M7I\-/V#S\8-%^
/[0WQ4\9QZQKOC270BFG:OXZU_6O#$^COID%


M3Q3INE6NO6'B..Z\(ZI;Z5?2W6GR@PVD\MY8ZG:O:31AK.]@FLY%FLYID4QS

(?\%?N/\`C55H`VC`


M%KX=2QFM=1TR:*QU&'6--U
SVL
8$B

/




M_P!F94LI(RI!`)P1DT`?K)XI_9EC\??#?X3^`/'GQ=^*NN:Y\*/''AWXB6'Q

?$WC'PM?W^J:3J&ONWAJ\T.6UL+^X
W]G0:7;6EP-
MHKJ*XC9




M^\:^$K_QA&^@^*_#?AS49+SP3+J%K;Z%;WMEK/@VXDQI5WH%YI/G01PKK!U4


^`_A[X$67BZUT3Q;XY\


M*`




W_AXI_P
M6!_Z16:#_P'8U#_`.5E'_#Q3_@L#_TBLT'_`


W_!*
M[P^D

/[T*8_GUZ-_P1#^!WQ]^_@7
M]K+6?C]\+=2^$WB#XR_M.Q?$3PYX:O[VTO5ETF;X2^`-#U&YM9+/S)O[+AUO
M1=8M+&ZU+RKJ\BM8/-6-RNX`_=BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*_-']M/_D[#_@E%_P!G



#&

M#@]B``BC4J0@!3=M(SE?

MSQ;^V!X


_\`#9GA#_PA/C%_\[&@

M?]'F^$/_``A/C%_\[&@#]?:*_(+_`(?R?\$F/^CS?'_`(0GQB_^=C1_P_D_
MX),?]'F^$/\`PA/C%_\`.QH`_7VBOR_X?R?\$F/^CS?'_A?&+_P=C1_P
M_D_X),?]'F^$/_$^
7_`
[&@#]?:0@'!/;GKCL1_(D?B:_(/_A_)_P28_Z/





9(SC'&/3BN@K!U__`)`'
MB'_L#ZI_Z271_D1^&*`/@O\`X)1QI'_P3K_9)$:(@3X2VY4(H0*6UG52Q4*`

M1DC((R.HR
9'N.U``V=K$9SM/YX/OC/X_C6++?VBS6L+:A`MQ=BY:PC6X7SK

#@$&G:UI-OKFEZCHMY)=Q66I6KV5TUI=W-


MTU9/M!
UW#`DS/8AUH8'8HWE%8=*!TD56AG\Z$L1'(LB30AW\T%^21&08^

M`FO^`_BC\5?$(BECC?3O'7B76M


MOB%_$D?B.P?6?


`FW.W[F?\`#'/[*);/
M_#.OP=4DD`2^-%C+#:68I&;#'!B


'QD\&^


:V]G+#
M)H

M2?!MAX?%[H_BOP_J7ACQ&FG:??3^!M7\2Z=J]OXGM(]2

1@^R-=

-7OKSQO'X7\-:1I_Q&\*?$.P\


&H:C<1DQWJ3RRA'9C+X!_;G^.WBKXW_/X/\`


MKK&LWNI2:)IGBW
MP[=W&JV



^)-2\-SZMK7B#4M&UBR;0/A9XLU/2-5^


UOSGA+]N7

'!W%[`$
MYSD?*
_:K\$_%[XAW7BS\::K\



\)^'OAKK%IXH\1Z/XVT




MEO+D6`CM['_!9Y=G_!-G]I!?F_Y`N@M\QR1YGBW2V(/7&
[0


M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH




M&1R!G`+O@?

#MS^W#^V*=ARF?''A
[#M*93_BD/D.QF3Y


MNZAJTGP]_9MUO5O#GA748O[7DOK2+7;_`


/

5)%0





6C32W.D:!XRTC6I-0:]E\26/Q$\81^)VLY/!^

%`/AO9

_A


M
U%Y]67[1;Z[X+^&OP]TRR@96
.JZ/;7HC6XDD=Z/P/_`&4/%'PM^-7Q%^*V







M;I6?3M.62UEC56+4`3/XFN_A/\8?@!^SO\._!WA;3/A;XQ\!?%C77N8;W4+*
M]\*-\


M:3\0MU\R6TT9BTB[D,RGRXPWK7CO]G'P5\2?$7@/Q?XEUKXA6'B_P&V@^)



M


MZ&\._$F2WT#0TUCQ5I1^VZE'I*Q&W:4

M/5]XAU3QS82^'97N99-/C\*?$'Q7X,@^T?;(TGAO+VW\.Q7]_9OY@LKNYEM
M!+((@Q^@O\_KGM_D]Z\M^#GPT\'_``A\#:?X!\1ZM'X9TN[U74;


87`^48XP
#''2G44`(JJJA5`55`554`*J@8`

M]M#\.?\`J5Z2`/S_`
]*`/8/^8?_)@7[*__`&2W3O\`TX:E7WA7P?\`\$P_
M^3`OV6/^R6Z=_PG#4J^\*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`JZV_9I
M]VW:89`V]MJ;2A#;WRH1
AG+*$7+$@`FIZ*`/Y.?V:/A?\`\%GOV&/%/[3^


MGJ_X:9_X.$/^C%OV3/\`P?\`B+_Y_='_``TS_P`''_1BW[)G_@_\1?_`#^Z
M_H5HH`_GJ_X:9_X.$/\`HQ;]DS_P?^(O_G]T?\-,?\''_1BW[)GXZ_XA/\`

#'04O_#3'

#T&/CUP/
M85_0M10!_/3_`
-
?\'!_P#T8K^R7_X/_$/_`
_JC_AI?_@X/Z_\
*_LEY]?
M[?\`$/\`\_JOZ%J*`/YZ?^&F/^#@_P#Z
5_9


MQ@?V]X@P

_L*_LE\8Q_Q/_$/&.G_`#7K





C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H`#`,!``(1`Q$`/P#TS0MM]:L
M[N^OKW6&G;4KZ/\`=:Q=1*%2ZE1`$20*`%51P.U:?_&Z7_S]:Y_X/;W_P/


MX0W2_P#GZUS_`




MY_\`X0W2_P#GZUS_`



__`!ZN
M@HH`Y_\`X0W2_P#GZUS_`



__
M`!ZN@HH`Y_\`X0W2_P#GZUS_`

















IP92#R!P017;

M4O\`TMFKH*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`

54@L22`!N'J3Q@O\`[8NM
M!L))O%-S8C



3

M/[-*9?/`)
;1[=ZO@?=(!.1CJ
Q6/Q`\
ZC=6UM;ZA(9+B=K:/S+2:-?.7.8
MF9D`5^#\K$'IQR




M6VHH7!R0/FW#'/!K1@^'VO\`_76&K7DNFW)M-2FN6OI)Y6N98'#!(@F$5-

MNSN5216W`K$P0`R97OP

MP&)KEK+P#JMMX.\*:0]Q9FXTC54O;A@[;&0/(2%.W)/SCJ`.O-
B^'VIP^
7
MU.TEMM





M.Y'S!N_08S4GBG0)M:BL+FRECBU+3+I;NU

')\1





*+G3]1@MGU22R
M:';/)&S)H$B.ZC*!N1E<\4EW_KI_P`$K3^OE_P32U+XE:'8VUM+E]=--J

6\

MW+J`)


M`%_Y-_P#I)O'7AV&


TGS-)YL

M`.`%]3GO`^L^)?$^A6&NWEYI


@!XXR#SU.


MK




&187E[)
M?RPPV:1R3^?:31.J2'-L9`Q4GN`16NEV^J:4T^ER&1P1$]Y9R``@XR8V*,
M1^(SU!KRY_A;KDUEKL:IHUF^I6MI$JPSROF2*4.\DCM&S-R=Q&<G!S]X^OJ
M

OR-*#XCZ!_9%E?





6[/$NY7&T`IR&'\6:A7M]_P;_P!]]^A3M?[OR7_``?NMU.HF^(NB1:\
M-._TA[?^S6U)KZ.1X1$.0054Y&`QW=

-!3;NOL;M..J#]R_P#Q

MGKCBM'P-H%UX9\)VVE7LD


M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B



M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`


MQ=8#4_#5U9OHR:Q'+M$EDT_DEUR
E6/1AU'*\CJ*VZ*35U8:=CQ_2]-^(.D_
MY=.TZWOI+V[G1?:+B





H_X0W2_^?K7/_![











M]=G7/^
O^0';?]A73?\`TMAKH*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@#G_'?_)//$O_

MW_D!W/\`V%=2_P#2V:N@H`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`.?\/?\ASQ9_V%8_\`
MTBM:ZN?\/?\ASQ9_P!A6/\`](K6N@H`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB



MV/)@ESPC'\\GHIP#WQN_9-7USG4)'TNP/\`RZ6\G[^0?]-)5^[_`+L9S_MG
MI7FNN_L_V%UXJ74M*FA@TPCS)=/D+`-(/D5ARJ

Y/)7L#G``/:NHR**SM&
MN[2XL%AM8?LQM0(7M`&MR!PA`XQC&.,$9!K1H`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH

MQE64\AN1QWR



27










7_Q%`$.I:9)-
M
M_I\B0:C$NU78?)
G7RY












M74O_`$MFKH*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@#G_``]_R'/%G_85C_\`2*UKH*Y_



M8`?)GVY!!ZHX_B0]Q^(P0#2Z9J8OA)!-%]GOH



M&*-4
LI!=\#&YB`!D]3P*`

*G\2K
/P84?\(9H\

VT?@!7044`4+#1-)TH8T[2[*S`[6]ND?\`Z!5^BB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@#G_&7_(#MO\`L*Z;_PEL-=!7/\`C+_D!VW_`&%=-_\`
M2V&N@H`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`.?\`'?\`R3SQ+_VKK_T4U=!7/\`CO\`
MY)YXE_[!5U_Z*:N@H`Y_P;_R`[G_`+NI?\`I;-705S_`(-_Y`=S_P!A74O_
M`$MFKH*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@#G_``]_R'/%G_85C_\`2*UKH*Y_P]_R


?*?]D`O_`+-`
M'03316\+S3RI%%&I9W=@JJ!U))ZL+^U[_6?ET*!8[4]=2NT(0C_`*91\-)]
M3M7NW2GP^'FNIDN]=N!J$Z


TW

GJOJ.JG@]B=.@`HHHH`**Q[SQ7X?L)?)N=9



`#M2
MT4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110!S_`(R_Y`=M_P!A

M2_\`2V:N@KG_``;_`



.-NGQ/


TM-FGZ=:6:XQBW@6

MKH**`/





MB1411@*HP!^%`'*:EJ4NM1(+#P]K+3Q-OM[QHX[8POZ_O6#8[$;2.
4RSU





D



H(`






M

M8O\`CRUC6[3TVW[S`?03;Q^&




MZA?VMHF




]#@5+Y6J?\_EG_`.`K

M`

<<'\8/B=KFAC1CX:FOM.2?S_



M;_XY69YWC#_GQT/_`
#)O_C5&?&!YV:&G^SNF;'XX&?RH`T_*U3_`)_+/_P%

\-




R6TRF.:/\`WHV`8#WQ@UI4`4[W2=-U

3PJ_\Q67_`

MTKPK]B\.3^)=1EU`M#+!&IND6''S;FV
PSD`?

\^]8WP7T74IK[T3Q1I.O
MVT5M^]M/M#W-O`5)^9-N50G)SR3EO2O=:*`

M')]2V




ID
I4X9&'1E(





MF.\#T6=03_WVKD^HKH**`
*'Q39I


MW7B[P]:3&&76;

!^'2
MMFUL[:RA$-I;PP1#HD2!0/P%`&+_`






'Q'X8\.W%G;:-86
MNFV][-_9&L
;P

MHZM)9BRFM/#EC=Z1BX-H[2$YBP.#N+D8R`!TKW&$N8(S(


M_8K;L$-;?FZI_P`^=G_X%-_\;I#+M%4O-U3_`)\[/_P*;_XW1YNJ?\^=G_X%
M-_\`&Z`+M%4O-U3_`)\[/_P*;_XW1YNJ?\^=G_X%-_\`&Z`+M%4O-U3_`)\[
M/_P*;_XW1YNJ?\^=G_X%-_\`&Z`+M%4O-U3_`)\[/_P*;_XW1YNJ?\^=G_X%
M-_\`&Z`+M%4O-U3_`)\[/_P*;_XW1YNJ?\^=G_X%-_\`&Z`.
^)OPR_X6-_9





M`

M\[/_`

TWS=4_P?.S_\F_^-UE:AI.HW-S]OLHK
M2RU)5BY2X8AU'19%\O#K['!&3@C.:`.BHKG+;7]26]73M2T^TM+UN(BUTWE
MW.!R8V\OD]?E/S#TQR=;S=4_Y\[/_P`F_\`C=`%VBJ7FZI_SYV?_@4W_P`;

M_P`;H\W5/^?.S_\``IO_`(W0!=HJEYNJ?\^=G_X%-_\`&Z/-U3_GSL__``*;

M_@4W_P`;H\W5/^?.S_\``IO_`(W0!=HJEYNJ?\^=G_X%-_\`&ZR;_P`5+I]R
M;1ULYKT?\NEK/)--^*)$2![G`]Z`'^
O^0';?]A73?\`TMAKH*\=^*WB_P`5



M\&_\@.Y_[NI?^ELU=!0`4444`%%%%`%+5=(T[7-/DL-4LH+RUD^]%,@89]1
MZ'T(Y%0W/AS0[VRM[.[T;3[BUMAB&:U1TB&
?*I&%X]*TZ*`*=UI.FWUQ;7

_Y#GBS_L*Q_P#I%:UT%<_X


.H2O:R1R6M_$
R
MVDV`ZC^\.S+Z


]+K4V



M`%%%%`!1110!S_CO_DGGB7_L%77_`**:N@KG_'?_`3SQ+_VKK_`-%-704`


M!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%
M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!5'4M)M=



LS'``]S6$WB
MVRN&

1']0&)]J5/6GRR+-JKSZQ.IR&U!Q(@/JL0`C
M4^X4&MU5J%4`*!@`=J`


M\ASQ9_V%8_\`TBM:ZN?\/?\ASQ9_P!A6/\`](K6N@H`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H




4+*02IVC(/

MT7]?

M.J?]9KG_?ZR_P#DBKCW6B:/J+1RWEG:7FJ301RW`5[B0(D?RJQY.U4&!Z#




M``D.J?\`0F:Y_P!_K+_Y(H_X2'5/^A




MD4?\)#JG_0F:Y_W^LO\`Y(KH**`.?_X2'5/^A





L;ATW;3D$.@.#Z4`4_^$AU3


US_O\`67_R11_P
MD.J?]9KG_?ZR_\`DBN@HH`Y_P#X2'5/^A,US_O]9?\`R11_PD.J?]9KG_?


M`



US_`+_67_R11_PD.J?]9KG_?ZR_P#DBN@HH`Y__A(=4_Z$
MS7/^_P!9?_)%'_0ZI_T)FN?]_K+_P2*ZB@#G_`/A(=4_Z$S7/^_UE_P#)

R[86'




*/B0]GH]SIVG6FBO<^5&LB1SW][(C*Y5.5')+8



CJ/;Z*J^M_ZW;_45


7

E



****0!1110`4444`%%%%`''_$;Q/I_A/0(




M!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%
M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111
M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`'/\`CO\`Y)YXE_[!5U_Z*:N@KG_'?_)/
M/$O_`&KK_T4U=!0!S_@W_D!W/\`V%=2_P#2V:N@KG_!O_(#N?\`L*ZE_PE
MLU=!0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%
M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111

'

M

MO_D6C[9XP_Z`6A_^#F;_`.1:MZ[XDT?PS:Q7.L7\5I%+(L2%\_



`@Y%N#Q3I%Q
M9W=TL\JI:;?.62VE1QN^[M1E#

/^@%H?_@YF_P#D6C[9

MU''XQT2:ZDMHI[AY4

MM9690IPY=0I
84\


,-$@L+:]:YF:&Y#F,1VLLCX3ARR*I9`IX8L!M/!Q6U'(DT221
MNKQN`RLIR#T(-`&#]L\8?\`0T/_P`',W_R+1]L\8?]`+0__!S-_P#(M=!1
M0!S_`-L\8?\`0T/_P`'
W_R+1]L\8?]`+0__!S-_P#(M4/'7Q'T?X?BP.K6



M=:YYDR6%F]JJ


AD9%YD
M
0(*ER&`0X92



/^@%H?_@YF_\`
MD6K5QKL

W_R
M+1]L\8?]`+0__!S-_P#(M;ZD


M\32^7&

W_
M`
_!5/%.HW&E
MZ7/::5:276H7+P(KWS+`557;S$D$1+*P3(.P9R#TP2\RU]L\8?]`+0__!S-
M_P#(M'VSQA_T`M#_`/!S-_\`(M



/^@%H?_@YF_P#D6C[9



MV79(B['PH;:WRLISR


W_`


/


54D$H2.!UZ5IUS_@W_D!W/_85U+_T


/\`H.Z'


\\/\`L?C#_H.Z'_X)
MIO\`Y*H^Q^

5_AT)CI;W-QIES-


7WO-\W
<;<UIP^%YEU?[9-?QR1?:Q
M=^4MN5.XV_D



/^@[H?_@F

MVGRX5EPP^;@DLG8]#QSQ9_X1H?VX=2-T#_Q
/MHC

M^Q^


CR22Z5H^GZ?-(FQI;2
MUCB8CTR!SS@X-8EYX-O=7+G5]4M)Y%MI+:&XM]/\J?:X((D;S&5UYR5JI/8
M=*O_`&/QA_T'=#_\$TW_`

M!(U+$8W;0
$X`ZCM6=]C\8?]!W0__!--_P#)5'V/QA_T'=#_`/!--_\`)5'2

/^@[H?_@FF_\`DJC[
M'XP_Z#NA_P#@FF_^2J/Z^_?[P+-UH
4T6D0P2^3%IDF]%V[MR^2\07J

MM[U0'@Z%M.L[&6Z)AM])?3&V1[2P8(-XY.
;.G/7VYF^Q^
/^@[H?_@FF_\`
MDJC['XP_Z#NA_P#@FF_^2J&[Z_UU_P`P6EO(H7'@R[U.SU./6-4M;N:]BMXP
M5L-L2F%V==T9=MX)(W#(R
CC/$4?@-UL[:!;^TMOLDK7=LEAIR6\4=T3\LFP
M-\RJOR[223N;+'Y=NI]C\8?]!W0__!--_P#)5'V/QA_T'=#_`/!--_\`)5'6


I./O$`9QCCZFNH^Q^
/^@[H?_@FF_\`DJC['XP_Z#NA_P#@FF_^

1MPV




K162B.8(P.R5$*%T(R-PX8^I!E^Q
M^,/^@[H?_@FF_P#DJC['XP_Z#NA_^:;_P2J`,W3O!-[HEI:II&K6MM/;FX
M0,VG[H_*FD\PJ(Q(NTJP^4@XQP5-7[/PI]AUFYU2*^;[5=2?Z1+Y2AIH_*5`
MK8P-P9-P;'&Y@!@FG_8_&'_0=T/_`,$TW_R51]C\8?\`0=T/_P`$TW_R50!S
ML'@*YT:PUXAN$N[Z:*W(^QV21O)/#(725O

M6`+$-&J



+M



M0_\`P33?_)5'V/QA_P!!W0__``33?_)5#UT8+38SE\`P)XBCU59+`G]TSO)I

MFYV;)#$MDGG(Z5N_8_&'_0=T/_P33?\`R51]C\8?]!W0_P#P33?_`53N[W
MVEAFC^&KC3?$%WJDEW:*MP&W6]C:O;I(S



MR]IH?B/3%N(-/UO2EM9+JXN46XTJ21U\V5Y2I87@X+D9P.!5C['XP_Z#NA_
M^:;_P2J**`#['XP_Z#NA_^:;_`.2J/L?C#_H.Z'_X)IO_`)*HHH`/L?C#
M_H.Z'_X)IO\`Y*H^Q^
/^@[H?_@FF_\`DJBB@`^Q^
/^@[H?_@FF_P#DJC['
MXP_Z#NA_^:;_P2J**`#['XP_Z#NA_^:;_`.2J/L?C#_H.Z'_X)IO_`)*H
MHH`/L?C#_H.Z'_X)IO\`Y*H^Q^,/^@[H?_@FF_\`DJBB@`^Q^,/^@[H?_@FF
M_P#DJC['XP_Z#NA_^:;_P2J**`#['XP_Z#NA_^:;_`.2J/L?C#_H.Z'_X
M)IO_`)*HHH`/L?C#_H.Z'_X)IO\`Y*H^Q^
/^@[H?_@FF_\`DJBB@`^Q^
/^
M@[H?_@FF_P#DJC['XP_Z#NA_^:;_P2J**`#['XP_Z#NA_^:;_`.2J/L?C
M#_H.Z'_X)IO_`)*HHH`/L?C#_H.Z'_X)IO\`Y*H^Q^,/^@[H?_@FF_\`DJBB
M@`^Q^,/^@[H?_@FF_P#DJC['XP_Z#NA_^:;_P2J**`#['XP_Z#NA_^:;_
M`.2J/L?C#_H.Z'_X)IO_`)*HHH`/L?C#_H.Z'_X)IO\`Y*H^Q^
/^@[H?_@F
MF_\`DJBB@`^Q^
/^@[H?_@FF_P#DJC['XP_Z#NA_^:;_P2J**`#['XP_Z#
MNA_^:;_`.2J/L?C#_H.Z'_X)IO_`)*HHH`/L?C#_H.Z'_X)IO\`Y*H^Q^,/
M^@[H?_@FF_\`DJBB@`^Q^,/^@[H?_@FF_P#DJC['XP_Z#NA_^:;_P2J**`
M#['XP_Z#NA_^:;_`.2J/L?C#_H.Z'_X)IO_`)*HHH`/L?C#_H.Z'_X)IO\`
MY*H^Q^
/^@[H?_@FF_\`DJBB@`^Q^
/^@[H?_@FF_P#DJC['XP_Z#NA_^:;
M_P2J**`#['XP_Z#NA_^:;_`.2J/L?C#_H.Z'_X)IO_`)*HHH`/L?C#_H.Z
M'_X)IO\`Y*H^Q^,/^@[H?_@FF_\`DJBB@`^Q^,/^@[H?_@FF_P#DJC['XP_Z
M#NA_^:;_P2J**`#['XP_Z#NA_^:;_`.2J/L?C#_H.Z'_X)IO_`)*HHH`/
ML?C#_H.Z'_X)IO\`Y*H^Q^
/^@[H?_@FF_\`DJBB@`^Q^
/^@[H?_@FF_P#D
MJC['XP_Z#NA_^:;_P2J**`#['XP_Z#NA_^:;_`.2J/L?C#_H.Z'_X)IO_
M`)*HHH`/L?C#_H.Z'_X)IO\`Y*H^Q^,/^@[H?_@FF_\`DJBB@`^Q^,/^@[H?
M_@FF_P#DJC['XP_Z#NA_^:;_P2J**`#['XP_Z#NA_^:;_`.2J/L?C#_H.
MZ'_X)IO_`)*HHH`/L?C#_H.Z'_X)IO\`Y*H^Q^
/^@[H?_@FF_\`DJBB@`^Q
M^
/^@[H?_@FF_P#DJC['XP_Z#NA_^:;_P2J**`#['XP_Z#NA_^:;_`.2J
M/L?C#_H.Z'_X)IO_`)*HHH`/L?C#_H.Z'_X)IO\`Y*H^Q^,/^@[H?_@FF_\`
MDJBB@`^Q^,/^@[H?_@FF_P#DJC['XP_Z#NA_^:;_P2J**`#['XP_Z#NA_^
M:;_`.2J/L?C#_H.Z'_X)IO_`)*HHH`/L?C#_H.Z'_X)IO\`Y*H^Q^
/^@[H
M?_@FF_\`DJBB@`^Q^
/^@[H?_@FF_P#DJC['XP_Z#NA_^:;_P2J**`#['X
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nyseady_ScheduleOfTaxHolidaysTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardTableTextBlock'


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td colspan=2 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td colspan=2 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td colspan=2 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td colspan=2 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td colspan=2 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td colspan=2 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td colspan=2 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td colspan=2 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td colspan=2 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249

 Times


        <td style=width: 3%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=width: 1%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=width: 13%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=width: 1%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=width: 3%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=width: 1%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=width: 13%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=width: 1%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=width: 3%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=width: 1%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=width: 13%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=width: 1%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249

 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249

 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249

 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249

 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nyseady_AssetsAbstract0'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherReceivablesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInAffiliatesSubsidiariesAssociatesAndJointVentures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableOtherCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToEmployeesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValueOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nyseady_AssetsAbstract0'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValueOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nyseady_AssetsAbstract0'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherReceivablesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInAffiliatesSubsidiariesAssociatesAndJointVentures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableOtherCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToEmployeesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLoansPayableLongTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nyseady_AssetsAbstract0'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValueOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiaryOrEquityMethodInvesteeCumulativePercentageOwnershipAfterAllTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShortTermDebtTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesReceivableGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryValuationReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsFinitelived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nyseady_SalesReturnsPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MarketingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingHandlingAndTransportationCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherSellingAndMarketingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nyseady_GovernmentSubsidy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nyseady_GovernmentSubsidy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nyseady_GovernmentSubsidy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nyseady_GovernmentSubsidy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredRevenueNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateAtPeriodEnd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesSubjectToMandatoryRedemptionSettlementTermsAmountCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nyseady_ScheduleOfConstructionInProgressTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nyseady_StatutoryReservesDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableChargeOffs'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLossesWriteOffs'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityForeignCurrencyTranslationAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PledgedAssetsSeparatelyReportedOtherAssetsPledgedAsCollateralAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PledgedAssetsSeparatelyReportedOtherAssetsPledgedAsCollateralAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PledgedAssetsSeparatelyReportedOtherAssetsPledgedAsCollateralAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivableWithImputedInterestEffectiveYieldInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueConcentrationOfRiskNotesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivableWithImputedInterestEffectiveYieldInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskOtherRisk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskOtherRisk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskOtherRisk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRiskUninsuredDeposits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRiskUninsuredDeposits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Deposits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInSelfInsuranceReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestCostsCapitalized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PledgedAssetsSeparatelyReportedOtherAssetsPledgedAsCollateralAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PledgedAssetsSeparatelyReportedOtherAssetsPledgedAsCollateralAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PledgedAssetsSeparatelyReportedOtherAssetsPledgedAsCollateralAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesReceivableGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesAndLoansReceivableGrossCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesAndLoansReceivableGrossNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesReceivableGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivableWithImputedInterestEffectiveYieldInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivableWithImputedInterestDueDates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForCreditLossesOnFinancingReceivablesTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterials'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWorkInProcess'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesIndemnificationAgreementsDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesIndemnificationAgreementsPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesIndemnificationAgreementsPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLives'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

248


      <tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(234
248
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasedAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesIncomeStatementAmortizationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesNetInvestmentInDirectFinancingLeasesAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessDescriptionAndBasisOfPresentationTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsPolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionsAndTranslationsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TradeAndOtherAccountsReceivablePolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MarketableSecuritiesAvailableForSaleSecuritiesPolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesHeldForSaleLowerOfCostOrFairValuePolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nyseady_ConstructionInProgressPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nyseady_PrepaidLeasesAndLandUseRightsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsFiniteLivedPolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nyseady_CustomerAdvancesPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfSalesPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nyseady_SalesAndMarketingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nyseady_ProductDisplayFeesPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nyseady_OtherOperatingIncomePolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nyseady_GovernmentSubsidyPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLoansAndLeasesReceivablePolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomePolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DescriptionOfNewAccountingPronouncementsNotYetAdopted'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nyseady_StatutoryReservePolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyTransactionsTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyTransactionsTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyTransactionsTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSalesOfBusinessAffiliateAndProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSalesOfBusinessAffiliateAndProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommodityFuturesContractsAndSpotCommoditiesProprietaryCapitalCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommodityFuturesContractsAndSpotCommoditiesProprietaryCapitalCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nyseady_ProceedsFromCommodityFuturesContractsAndSpotCommodities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nyseady_CommotiesReceivedUnderCommodityFuturesContractsAndSpotCommoditiesValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MergersAcquisitionsAndDispositionsDisclosuresTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxCreditsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDifferential'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxHolidays'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


      <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(234
249
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_nyseady_RecentAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxHolidayAggregateDollarAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxHolidayIncomeTaxBenefitsPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxHolidayIncomeTaxBenefitsPerShare'

#$R
3(S
M

XLN?_&['?
M05L[[\5
1+G

\-W0&P,?
M?S`Z.3D;X?_^Y__X!0]RZ0$\Q,?1/]$XWRQO).DC4?XHFA\E:?3[X^5($D1Y
M_2/TB]=GSQZ]+FS'__5=:B#\\0?7FYU*@B?0L</+&<

M?K#Y0?2P#\8?9N[+Z?H[]#M1.A'$$UE
?C0!L/@7Z(NQ_$C$^(7,4':Z?K+
MY-'0/YE9UG+S[-3RGZ-GXR\*WFY#YT?)A/'7SY:_99!=\O!_WZG4[0$JR7P





M9`(#Q`?+OK/@Y-JYM)8PL.R4](Y
?J43WF?
M@]IJH0T_VEY'GI?6GI');S


M[MM@



M:U13/
]AA38F(;OOKH

3A]U(


M

VEJA#3YCD)O^^JK.B$K[AF')3^#M)P\[.W-C@(S
M(9NYZTMX1F





&?S8`:X'+3M0=M&!$-;A.E2


M)^'




MEDSQR/

B+9&_*R]##?1G37GP@`KZ+
M9D[4O:5G
[#.MJ(H$_4-7#9]*5@013*K]=UU\N(9KG#(Z0PK426JA.9PZ?1)

M


.T-V43LIDA+OYN0KFM0-OZ
M?4DF!







7W!9BZ7G2_3;!Z1-SQK?'0G%+92=[4VJ7NG(\YX:3(9:4B'!6=


M[\$$@`5N2[UF6
3)+2XY+!G!
B&UA-]'W3Q.



EQI



KJM\L#__Y=#YY08P$C^Y#N$03!QZ'#H4EAT*(
MW``AZ%GY1%09(
0DG



XD9Q]^

M!US_9`P.QTV!W^M%C:[@H
S]%K(JEWM84B:<<)^Q^WK]L+O/FUO
X?79@MX_+#L$U\XR#/P;\`)L



F['
SDK)^]SWP?ID


MWL#2@I



X

_G=!_=P-A_









IY.`O]0,JC?BP_X)B

1`U]M3R#AB[#:+^3VP#3^)
MK'YLBKH'L`RBO\0X(TX]O:#/2K7!]?)2I+(P[9%JY:FJ/SNOJS98_ERRZP
M&\K*G2;GX7E_L@:V!
'#@.\;D!EYYT13*X5^%_VA%ABI80AY:'Z3PO&A9?HD

H_?6.


MM+6L!`9EX[N&-ST#6L#9P77=EF3RZIO=$N^;ZH$4Q(:!KY[&$!6)=Y+?0S-A

MD
W

M@^AXY3V^[B7^D-G9H8&KTOXK\##[KX`_]N`2'VV_G=Z#/T/H1=?L^*1=STN*



O.S^?QL_IO7&86J
X6+4HH2#$
%^K;.XRA
M4*C2NZ/GEU!#3W3T:6G(9A`4*-
!?U#WM-WJMHFN


IWNTJO0=8=X$:`B8[:@)4`^0

M`RE7&*XP.86A[[`S6\U6MS
=A@;QU6Q;?3[VQJH]T&?Z#C^CU6RMYL1'I]!\

I4CXE9A
MRANP8Q^!/PM6F2
FD!OY;VL!CLY%K:'B0OMW-K[
]HF6=3M_O

MP'







`'80*]+.T[)//=I9]23]NCH(^HJ`']D(G
M[$7BG.]L!


M/@Q\;
FOH!]X\#D
7
\?FBTNEE[Y[/98:;@/W3


OQD')DIX]R
M?MU*7DW;^^1$N=2:7+;;3UU3%WC,NJ?'I'YG]AKWX,Q@]@@IWW-VC_P`E:
M


M6DCF7;B

M9E
BP0HN;KQ&W/#14Z6Q*0&%ZZ0B34NI!YJDOK&JVL&%EUV7ELC_0#^QPQ
M?4=









Y]
MDC

M``G_B^M.AE@&MHMX\U

'Y7

^#5NIJMQS*I.?B.;=-SRGK](QDQ'/&`+D=!_'T^S5_
M$B%*9$WJ+3T$-@A18H1L6=0K#F43N`(;A.3+9.(_^S;[%DD+]R+4$1)BDEZ
MRJ'
%DX\Y];XT-











M#]!SZ^;29/W=




6





MD9\.D

G




@BP@5$Z]_X

SN9!8G=R
M\9HMIM9;C^*G__NOD1_B`8C13XXD:<4_[U7[56*M==?ZZ\_^HGBD=$L4M()



M


8K(Y((VJP?$(46GF1\\;#(&\^

M.YH).6KE


#8@F4#8WWO




1L+

BI0)*L*Y(F[4).XE`3_#-FE&Y(NJ)*!1Z\=
\DVI+
M9CD#=5/&+)3;DGD%UN?G$[7AN2+Y_KM[:J
%A6JF6)BZ3BDA).:FL^N]X!B




MI23YT(RD9OQI1-)=O/F
^U4'Z9+








M4RV
DZ9**.@7ZN7`&))5`49#

AE04X?6\Y4441#
M4*3

EK\RFDI4P?)


HI7=Z.'*-5IGS@715$5Y0)[3(JI-2$5KMX4=!TM-'8AQ`O!

MMY^U&K\B62HKLF%6#)]/8X1^XZ0%8]WX]K#0Q5,24ZGEBE#L&FPH?IAFFJ
MFK`+


M[8WKS/`YOBOPW'Z34!





O4_2
M*^)624=66Y#8D7X/@JA)R2?+PVU4_-3[D!O$5T2UV9=#ZB`)F;-A5:/ES[&U

E](
V0Q




=BZ5A5DW%-^J

MBNJ*;3I1



M*:NRKNR)#BU-A[E0\@?)=!$)5,J6$T'/A=Y._WBNA/_`:TI6,A%1#B156]
M6TB
THZ.NG)!ZRC$#UT4]D1'7;F(JBXC?HA&$SJB8W%WGCLM3VW5EHELZ)B&
M%]2(Y#A2,W!:PME&1)T-)KKO:#U^6^:4:G;VD3SRHEB-(2:'GRS?)^@`#]




M:%CHA
@CQ:[)=?P+
'4]D&J0_.D52=WU)MQO-5U`!9^\Z*NVMDL55+0ZB[3
M8GMO!!?VG#XX:VJG!0-V8_TCO31LZ9VJ(67/&(VBC@L:]`;8M\2GU]BLF02
M-

5/U


-D.DQSU
MR+[^'BSQJ


RAMA!-X_^3=^W-<=M(_JNP:F]3N2K)P8
$
M@?C.5;)E)=XDEDYV;BOWSQ8]0TG




01


MH7CHAS3RIA-$(7@S%.D!



M;#87$##YPB$E*%9
\1WZ8*P!R7*I


MP?+8G&E+VXP%,T]TS5/Q0.T4@P5G.G$BQX*@Y8Y&=!N1T4M=!0/W-`^I




VT:JIY&31PEW!WP:43'VICOHTTA+$_1_



D1**T2NFT-9;ZR
MV_H-V]^?+9;O0%
E
[

S9-7=$W2(WI.%PZ<]-LN5:B?/J0(L'UQL((U-

$-JLUK8965=%
\9;HC@(G_A8!9)+\TSP.&]E
MVR
A^8V0++S42BVMP;CZ%W\K3CU*Y:NAZSBT(M8AU9IA0;-JZ7GT#:FDRI^Z

MUN:IZ0C\X_8
/8$58$0R9NQ;5]#+IY`I6()_FCT1T1?1O:[R%\[F?VQ29;Q
MH^?VV%\%V\[E7:!HZ5IQFPAUCB$3LG$EY5P1\B^


LMD6(OB/;4.O`\

2(V92^Q.6-=`?F5L8D










\5VY:J'ICZ=ZQORP(\=<M9UKP/^UXBUGU\,3'`
MK_EJNQL!GKS#[R%$I4<0R:FZW);OQU[&J0YK_'JWR$YAE:]U[G:OGK!7N\-


-1_E3O'D
M+)#E/=`W[AKX
@S8&/7@IF:)*K$$5P%+P:XH'-)'VA:OHM4-'

_)O-X_O+^
MUU4


^5;W;H

7=T.`P/(.5H6
J
IXK9HW<)%:WK]0HN99VXGO#W=Y,\KP,740=+:+EVY


M0TATV$5F*I2$MS.P`
\1/O09D?J







MK!B`

MX(=AJ]



)RJ_09







MEA8`L`UM1E2VC$K6%SO&I]`WOU?3'/R.P;=CPN_T
Y0IB,0_PR4$NZ;C]D'
M4S@5B?@@A`C]4!*7JXBH9%0SV'C'P&.?L&([*C6A



M^WAYZTR:!&$J;.@863_MBV:^8=&A94MQHE@#ZQQC0NL#7Q?]5I-@PJZB;F$M
MFK9@Z9]34O&+/OSWQ^=1G/X_A6'_TOEKOD5%[CT\GS!840)75P`X21&,X
MR@$1Z*2#SC]RL\3!8*




Z'P3A--&.;39?E?O+NJF@


M&V
$XO\L_^/ISO)PE<%AS`5B)0C^]SCF19_S)`/G<9HH

XQ7
]2(

AX94[ODR%GD6]^^9+L$P#GEX67ARI3)D;[E1%D'H
VJVQWUZ








M)6F\Q
_X=F%.6!JE=J;\3Z]`NJ\72SQ#3V:S.-5:
9Y[^0CFM(4A*YOFGW&:


5?N-

:'_W
W
M^'YD

OJ+/LOYL)NH]A

W

'(?Y42XO#[MS
M^SQ^#BC(WS6['I=E/TJB;?X\9]+\
!GVUMI0)`V
_!-\Z7LR9=Y;FNN\5
M'%

6#C



M#$_KXU`%0C_=)&`Z]8Z)046@0SH#=

_/*

MCTV


21M`)-G*9!=%#`M^B382!QNH.




M]%S^F'2O]\N?4B2G4SW8J]XYZI=?6G@KTVVN[H'RUN=E&E.AG8FJ5RBY21P\

MW+ZC'


M

$),2V,`ZJ@_-!F
)4CQF

WAVS

MP
5



L!%RM9PO@=/][^0+B2?X
JW=E7-R1_T<!;4I]M[PB.'
MOU-E_`\1+&1R@(H!*2P(Y&??DTOJL*BQ)5?]UKY?S403M73P

M8.U6JJ!3BN'+A*85QX*L.:57
V]WM]W\(5]BE
VI3G45\5LK_]
&_+OQ5DKM
M[.K!04_!P99[^X






*A8FPL$
MC;T$/L256E:A!Z9.


/_I9&:99E+A:8R!LN;'$1+-DB


0;%A8ZNGZP/T5
9M@MC+'[/6AI44R;0DVB
M)&WJ-?=O4
6(AB)XML/BF68V!6MM)@`7E!IHA`5I3'K4HM49TK:EQP7*
5


OU\XL6QSUZ)
MKRL#QMY/;U%Q%P+.)-!ROH2_YYOI`:;*5T?P3R![B9
N':;%!AH3=K$VBD





'#]?
/!GR5_4GL
*3'85!MN/V(G:W%KH2
@MGM
M7M)B)RR%1




TRAKCW[^Y!30Q\
M6`YIGTV?!TO*P_1XJAF.O?`OX(-8

M+`E

M/S+UZ0&T'ID2ZF(/(&:I*C$KG#8:=TMY%`NH!XR&`1W1J1ZEB]YWP3E%\2ZP


M3!/_[I





M@

U#8^
&G
MZ8Y)FGLELTLMEPP5

M0KS!T





MKV9.W;

`LS$%$4_HJZ?^?\PK]L+`EY2GY!@=D&=
MU\(@S\-\RS$M;?%8&:MN[O6D`D.J%Z0*DZ+.4CB)Y(I)='*44R/RO%*6VC.3

;Q]4

M0]L@)7(L.&M#0'UMO-]1A
A2`Q2\K)S!)6(*BYC






M_)1G]






N-Y2P:`3%$O:)!]D-1X=;
MX5P&%U-]V1&ENRTNE%V'&\M@W

M3;J[1`


O0UO%N8K$+?3.XRT;*[D)BZB%:J91%87Z)O5]5!6';&ET`LB*@J0J



Q)[Q:OH_)E,/!K_$'&-:?X,[77(F]0F
MO5`UE-2<U6G9?[

^Z]2_TT8*U_%FA23!L9U!)DPV[8]V@$B(X37D`O



MA6PU.2B2T5Y\6%XK:PQ52(0'7.)!O(%W`%1&))`\5Q?YF!+Z7,Q$;],Z6.

M/6@/[*$[5#LW5TAL:P.A77#

74<_O5)99;.NTZ+W


Z*PCMZ+G2CZF*9(;,#5RN;W'`[!99N%#]+F;)4&:(9
M)X'W:,U(N=5:HR7XXYHBM&*$S%W0.ZN[-W%A



M@X3

M`#FE=JQJ94#^-


M(7/6=SI^%H?TWK$NJN+
YK4'&K\B%=2)GY+LJ'.+3`RR17H)SSLLDXV\UR6/



[L/YH0Y#''QLC]&










M6:H2E3+NFAK3N]5F`&!]2#Y)@UUH1

?_I@/6#+Y^\^

ME$Z]'X0W$N''/*
I8OLJ+^FO;!\:+/;%E-XKZN0W
E_W5YRQBP=+CQ'__2AT_YEY@;BG(]





MA92^KMUI._9@P!.%._8`7N!T-)K#FKQ8K`V/P@M-W6#9`[&2HF*R-$AJ0M*&
(]<R&@RYO4)0W27//1+6YCY=T;
M0

L'5!(:-_LZ[X%2(\G=0=A*3





H9F$2.NX7,P$)D]F)?$]YR=U9W13_GW$\L?HE-U


MMP;QRE*Y'!$78I[N0O.8L:$F2Q[

!_?2V*RL+G-=#NCA:BS

MVV+YK$B^4

M%P[?B.\HO)2/I!MCX5C^H&YO^?43DE):DT@\0CG
]1






MFCJF($V@J65]X_T

HE3EE^

`9+B
8K
6&(XJUVM`^E^_]H`+E)4DH=RM5
M#?((


52Q=2@FAL-(2
7@`^C/8`FP*7+Z(&*07R$8$DLUH\\C@E<7NPCV\*R=I53
M1H9H`-[0;A
^3=972W[2^0'U-\N4)BAKWRH!3YI
TF\UUDJ[D?$C3PE\Q7F

M#JV)%(V4N7M#[79?+:(2I?.'8GN8F]Q3_M4

MD@HK)7;1GCAY7V4=:!G[E_

6
M1V)N2%$N$LE^TB86R
D-($J\P$C/PU:)U/D$\W
TW7RPOSS5&#*$R+T2A-^Q

-4'+%6+7$DC]PP%44@PV4

MF(WYX+LBO-$F

+NX\;_%&ZK=S
MR6@
K/
ELP(\DM\/G/L



M\-WT,=G;E)6Q#JS+D$O`E8K#!K([];Y2H/'VCE:









GP9$$V4MU\\?IH*ARQ+?
M<&&+BVIFQNM2T


!N657K5

[*6=A;MJ9

VM?-K*
M

0BNY(XL]





KVQ7
MMI%6G#+AP=-KN802ZH`ASH'E'^%#HEP[CIRTN
1C40S!VCVC`?HYK8TJQ!

M6.$-!3L.A`VW5T7L%6_)K`A`4[@_X4W5238M79]X7DA-E022&L6E?`'L(KM6








M29X^




Y&
M/^?^X_.1

M91E2[[=4M44U%C274]&4



M#F2;X9UTRV85CY8)DQ#70]@G8E8*3[]DK4`6U!*A`5D)08H[-0
D[T_&^M:F




]2&?

=DN^LAZN;M1'5_P;[S]\D.J05%*;PK1F^H!6]U.

4G`$5CCW[!J:E?
M2Y_IR:U:FEY%VW3@;EG^N9(
PO;
'*S-S)]Y+R.87;1LQDA6$*)O
*&-RH@Y




8%04BPEQHQY=EH%W@7+@I3RR4!AG11Y1





C9:<8*,S?SZQ4Y(\D'-W:!L&6MA)D%T4.2'X<TXFX.MI!/#7?-B:`;6]+.







U.




+8B7$7(/2?7<'K9UUFB+1JJD#@$5





MQF2D_I0'+YZR@)Y(G+S,1#8!12+[K/1MK+IJ)Q7::399H5ECSDW82XOSSU
MTX#UX5B@=3IM9/-


VFETV*




@6+P
M\Z`/QV[8T=35@/@9M1V[/5HK;C0\H(E9E81-@?$SHK`&T8(N=*/J8IF)O`-7





G8[$&]P



MF

Z9L

$MXX6K+JA$S!4M'#-IM5
13(0IOU6=BD
M0F9CS:AH^`]E27OEMB;EE7WRCJ0J-],Z34=$Z4UOKN)SS;7K!15D3:8H


S-23-;CMZ6*[Y+$QT#6<R]BJI#05NLVFI
M#,
NDS;=@8=VQTYF:0735


M:GJF:O2


M9*_=J
A5.16VV?!%#QBDZS@;
M['<CI\A*B/M5+J5M(78'1X)X4.5AVAK'_6T@%GY)ZJ:Z%EU*/M&TD3,*<;^




0I
RAY'C`)8Y.@_RW#V2#PXH]OJD
M()4


\]-;:_/C
Z9^

M2=V^\U;%UT8$K7O=)B!C#_ZN7%F^6TV_AD]HD2C(H.RW#VMWE46:O
PUHG



[@EVTM9Y]#;SRRENZ-)#*WWFP\JX
MQ`VYPT6NLD3EZ^Q`E;WF6-;D@.`!N;
_/6.QY6PCBHC$MO.@*YZ&**Z2I0


-J@'
=^
T\^RT2B
MGB/L2V6Q+E-A2EOR%F'*AWEE0R0H@/(D)IXAYV7`8=RIE=VMV(#5RFU/NW
M8`


M3DAB*V&:E[Y!WR:2U.HS*RM]Z/LXBK`ISZ:I.&3E\HR\#;%U0R.C?KM^


$F(1MSBV_#

MRJHF-0;)
T
\6H#49_4O^?0B&Z=G8.42CN4(_+\PNH6M`




C;-#
@6964!H4D(#H?TM^






M2=X3G


JM],^:&J55V[=
MLO&U7,42.]&I1(K.H@PV$!-V_81WY);59:[+`7RTS]JL<#&4C-.8=X@6!=H
M(Q06^)L&
SDR&AEA^8KH1G[.8+SF4TQ8G,LN).E$)+(MJC+Z\P3I1-EC$/





M86DM+V4%-L+)(Z_+^F&([EUJ

L
M#UJ/#N[

-F8KX?);2Y





M@#

!F

MC/TJ3&AOH.)M4LY9_L+QC@VSTLMP^D'@7#PS_4;)]ALME=[F
CJ3.E[91[V^



MM\;UGF!7%\6O!%M!M]L]




H=.R

M/D^)5HW/]OI$ISQ(D=@MTCH_%C.'Q9(YWUHWF(A%*P1_CG!FSBNIO*J06/GQ


&F`JJOOYBJP1AI_LP++
MYK+FGV!2DP1$?CB]&.


M9BP2/]IO4_F\8F'QA

BA



MNLP

MU:'I%=ZBV)EF@1X0C]731('@!W9#E0V(
O'R0:QBC8#U56`=+5YG`SN8$L`'


J=U%
2XS@DA:



79H2L5

M;+O'R3CDDXNF+)8;TYQ[S
TRG$3.;Z=)3%"V7,.=]US4@,,\OE[PR+LS
M5Q#39J6.O&^DVBB?[HM^])J-H7G5*:`H].*8$ZR$+`U,;9;HM.H'[-)KCE8
MHA



M(WM1:7H?\Z(I

P/Y8/



MFO&A+?QLE#DXZP^%]98!D45SUBE?N+.SMEAE-J:YC7$H'&LE#E$3FLL'4L5A
ML6T_;_
3$L*&4*^E$1KP

MABKFJ#H`J]A?&Y.0$:W;CX1YO(&8KC$FV$2Z6.
A1(?/+NOR6DPNZ@;/%%4=

M:QY)*JBA*=5IU




K]';L[A[80-%R?





M'S]^ZF1$_&.QWW(NARLAYX#B74@1G1W]#)4:GP_F+`=\A$7V)25R_CT#PF

M13X&1W9.E5Q

I=S+)5W0.K[)!+?`E6#VFMC`'#S
%


S$84YB1.L(JN=F5\:HJ74(UDU3K:I4]

MQLVH@KU;-C5-#3$=FTS')M.QR71L*A!JIU1^T[')=&PR'9M
QOE9]`Q92[#G

M((9Z#;E[3
S9#HVF8Y-

QRC3

$]
QRG2

AVC3

MTS'*=(PR':-
QRC3


M28AUBO3V(#[-8^2A;C@O1%



MWZBE%_=`I*MQ&!^V7$`'%?7.^AE%\#N=)WL/+-2MY08GU#%\04&Y.E+`M:
MHF*F
OK


MDW3I96UH4!B

A]<,7)%DM#4]:*Z=-2?#3EHM%Z#QB-R=/(V6XW2V##*U05TYE87X0BX
M+0V
`N#R@HE^FUXHXT2PPAX;!`B\&.






M`GT1E^$4__
AMSE^IS?



GU[`KXQ8/MBD



M34X5&'6(Y0PCP*:35!!XB^:JKDC'Q'\H4*N`W`ZC&O0Q)BULP=#WZ/1U#7V?
M-'V=
Z?OVL:8YG[2(%YEA(:P\\J^G=]N7FJ8^`R08RC35.08RC0


M-M5.V^UVE!%!


VD91SVU4^6F0TQ#3'/84O/CYA-MVU

UI^


M[;08D(UXK2'0;9B.X/3;A8J;^@FX`=*.I108ACHT0[F.[6!*1'MP(.H9;GI&


DU]
MN:'
\3S%^T9_Y8YI97=Q6=#K+H15PO]*-Q&BAMB
_XTW2Y0HU`7:`0ZA3S:!GL0I\E4X@M\:/EK=8!(\(%3X@IECC
M!.ME&L6/%DZ?QDGUA6G6^4HK!D2/<!5'#^MSOFB5#+999NJGV<2O7^^V2DF
MN^QIT]=DESUM^IKLLE/D(]10I^;]L+RT0GNIAZ8F%KEU++)SZB%O/]7@$C5T




=RU)9JF!C(R_\

-R/;LK[PSS:!Z)A^,VK(=[?W*O
M#.U@.,KVGT;P=M`=$M(JKR5C'!^DNWM/)F0^AAN\X]HT5X%N#(/:=&A'[=D


M

MG2T#RYM

GS6$S[(6

.3=C+Q=QW:=\R'O


H+-F3B%B\K(O2;2N&T/!QV[T^V?T^5V/AK@

MRYHR1U0[LU-)


MY*;ST(?K'\2^1DDNYN;62523
GFBE






MOX56&*4XR7&




V5P:ZXXA[$5F17P7EQ#%

M^#\`@K`9AP^H`

M=`9
D!S2B5G2/FB1$QX`WTK
M'(J`DAPXRP?FF%OMWD\5)QHG!9?N$5#B[I&K&`7OOR=)#@`.%^`W8Q36`/P


390#LT!G)YT%A
MII^%RB=]W1:2UD)I[L]0?8.+`B/'#N!3=Y%*/Z4^P6V468<$OX9/5)UO$1*




[)34\*/$\6U!S)K

M)IK)#S)GK;DH0/D^E+





7O0T

M8

M1XN[V75`DDC:49+[#/%&0(*6;A5FFC@C^D-OS?.N0^T@5UB?[1+=+.L2/7)X


M0-&1

=P]*


MQXV]*T$EC_WQDEJ2'C4N5

M/

6$9BI
+CD(X!X1`%;1O4$#QVWNCE





$'Y!U\

M


MPR@D4X]IJ


4X1?\ZM@+:/`1U/0L=B:60H\H@UZ@D^OL


BH+L3!H1679(T


\V/W5<3\




@E*SC26U`%+5)\7
*(71R-7D.DGR<*;E#_1I+=-X



+\83#M0*W^=OLSQ0`^
MI%ORF='YR6SD7!CV9AE/[N&NV[W/Y-.AV9/9R+DP'PY'00&HO:^?/KWJJ&IJ
M@-:S1WU3


*

M/;[HYHTL\'SX9U3\VZKMWOH).G:UC7L&ZC8%[OG;2=?MON=/K/@G6?CX?2
+8L*UAVW/7T9KA/:LY<BPK
M:B9RW'B/^7




M6M;U
F9_G1%@0^@GR:IEZ)?=Q+-2Y87@FZ3(.V8OO2(A/!8]6&*4R&.2'
M-_=#!LGXD;ZOM)W3.^CV$]Q%[


$DKR6#!DP)5*K-0CE@H


G#\ND^M9QP7#!+'PPIJ2B3_W@N0?+RYZ+]YUNP[^RZ'=X?7O

M]

M;J-





MD$@*1(/5[OUDD?SE^05GQ7CAP?4`NLH]WD7T:/CA=Q`4`'C^3$+OQZD08-('





M5K*`\SI##R@H/D`%Y)$)@'L748T




MHQ=]4#/[7567V!RR\JZR37_(K:@O!*0NVDJ7X?032CVXFBXGDQBE^A[Z\4@!

M)^!C:5'ZU












M_6[/'HU



M$\&Z*0]TVUUW!V#UO



-O

:LTZ:A0_#%LT<ZHQ6Z19R#!<L%77Y_JR/
Z_Z_


9!C(
]#P9J*FV
M]
8U(3LJ!#+J3%'(4\NZ-D4A32+9$V`H4Q32&'H]`6XR12'[%(54/)9[Q_/$
MJ8/DWVWQ_H
!OWM:WK;0'P3\G5/V]L)]SH4?9C

M3Q=8E;Y7S3OGE*.WM:+_]%


M


M#/V4E[MNJSLZ/OW

=Z

M?%;H&6U.P[ZG8=3JU-!7U=Q%)]

\@(:*Z@LZ

8WDHR@


W3&.89C.F&9TUTYR'
M%5G+W



IGZ:4'_0_CS;??'N`DQ/

!LQ'2-

]3SJG
M^7YU



$




MW]_)?$SB4HV:NX(








R9FY2

^Y#T?A;
6
M:8=!NFA!8B^%QZP@2A)KXL7Q(V9E/'CQ-*F`SAR/NHZ'W1X
;6=0DT?`R
`F
M$MEU@


M5+VN/:BG(L/DY:X3^/OEY:X.)VV9E[OS76!TJ$T=!(/VP.ZU:^K/813E)A+9





M


M&)M^I(]?`B]

M^TL
K`=29;+O9=





K$7%E_$6DFCT2
M+SY=L.^L[
QCSZ\YF

=K)^=QIN.VG.

S5?MWLCNC9R*$U=#.\]C&)QU])


M#`&

WY



V!V3#ML_.9F4ID$PYX

_K?7Q$L=VVR.[YQQ`//$#<CCR

_+I5(/9A]X

SN2?394N9]\D'^BM]^-G[@']&@7!QRA^\&+X*SQ^
M]OX.8@F?[WC:_]=+%6Q@+4





QK4


MBT
_O$

MOG.
'_1;UH?+KY\_??[EQOKRX:MU\\_+KQ^LZX_6U?7OOU]_MFYNKZ_^%_5S
MCBO\GPOZ=UPO_IOX\3C;$9NYO2?6+`JZ`$(8?F)Y5E(O7#B![Z7^E&(T?@4
MOA0NYR3VTBB&KX13)1P_)6$T]T/V,7]@[7^!+]K3?U@F9*I%9+4\ND58+T*

M1!





M*X&M\[!MD%%ZC%?3K

MBBYH]



N[;CM$^*


MT7ER4Y



MX/

MC6U



*(.\CM9/)BGDA\VN3%-()0Y\M`


MC$YN&0;K.&#P(F4!QQID'-#6/A$N#!-LS00';#JP!2[J4`T



6[4TRU:)DF






4]MM79K

M/3=2-LDT

&K

9U
GAH[G^^^#2F?



M/ENN[3A]^)]CPX_=+OV1?G_8ZX-AW6/1P(3:I_=$O:^NHOGQ\S@VCP-N$Q


O&.0_%U\





ZV#L_K52?
MZN0/$770(.N8:JX`H_.3)K5QTV-4\&XMMMOVQW'?6HX,LRQ-W-T[9X#_QO4
MY5N%IH




RA^^O

MIM;4_^[#4U
LPZ
MT2WN.N6R






^S4*'8:M/MV?]0]
D<Y\.P.Y3$M87-Q&E(:4CY/4IZ3\6DLXUD
=SVTR

M;Y)];U*!FN:N.M]]&U(^F7T;4I[]OI^:';D&2_\F2$8RO?!@*]Z=8JI%RS1)
MO1!?8RT3


M=D8['PY#S291L]_NV8YS5AT(S\.$/$!J[GE=H?7EY9B$O?W@6I^P5^/];-*$
MGQWWU*P3&`YZAAQ4JQYR2@YJJEEODHR:IGR?[[X-*9_
O@TISW[?YV$/U]QO





W?TG
C95--)I.$T@CV

M^5MZ;J1LDMETH$O


VFC
!L3UA`2_YE$DW.GWODFFK`/4(3C9W__VS*Y


MU[G%GK

=Z+(_
MG&UV?
FXOTE7


;=NN;?=;/O3W&8'(_!![?M38.IP[')(\_Y@

J+9M[F;H



MT1T
N]U#;X-S8&F5X[-5%20E)T2].SD`9YUH)P=@KGUWLM





M0C(=5K^NC1.=SI;:]SXPU\0_SJ`1%L/)[K/CJ^`GN]).L=43W6J;;[5^-;T)




MS\/'!_*_HU^'EQ^^_'H]N!Y]^].[_/J?__._/O\(WY//@_DB_-NO7G3[/__\

MFC:+0M[?TKKUYR2Q/I

WEE/L#/KG
DG]
MV6-EEU)\Y1C_/FA9[S_=7%U_OOWT^=N']];UEP]?+V\_77^^H1W4QJ5GZ9\7
M]

MZS)XM-J.


#+JCUC%[$_


Q(CS/^W:UK%OI/``F
M*,IHXTG$_`21C4B+O8?B0O&ORPOI1MKMUO=:H!&K78.#_$F]\6%_K/T8J`8

$F1W$=Q
M.LNY&.1(M(2C]P!?LL:$;Z(T]`WP@UP`]\`R1O10\5:09C&9$/\[0.TQ?N$[

M)
$M%I.(:J/HRV3^P[T_N2^Q^ET
'S-1K%DLNP-06
+F'H%S:9^_7`93IB5Q

MPK%L')NS<#:P_``[#AHYT5V.+Z*0_@IL(0^%
M*2Z43XA!WHQ)0'\12H;
FMM2L!5W:@W'CRPQWR!3T$NTX8R%]3;]-N/CQAC.
H


MK
DR@?V1.*DBX784YIOJ*'LZULTH/%YK47I$62%@4G&RP2S3
DAU34]N
*(




M_;Q

M;^&G7G!U[\5WZRCE_G$)+)+MK;21=KNK;*0.F

U?:\P%HN='X!LJN3ON,:;G%-D?.P8A9E$`WO&T0
M#DC;0LUE.38WHE'.SU[@A1-R<T](N^^G.)+H]`+<G4XV:U%YYDTSMG:4[IE
A05T95L)DNN88WC%=<PSGG!7GF*XY
MIRY=,UUS3

-T
MS3$\H6+$=


T4[HQ/

M5P\0F.K7LUOOQ_$VVP.E''3R*BY8#699J-:VR6.R^K:;_`KDC?U)2J:L:9FF
MP^!6'546!15STXXG;ZVY%]_YH&

M\T^J

M'*7$:CNO6];M/1$KY
^HYL\#2#78DA\&H`




MUIAX
2P+5@!W`7JI-?S)MJ9+@GFGORY#@L4]I4`1WEW.2#)BNZ\ZKU_O?ZQ

\IK9@?6T!29(WUB6Z9:A_!]V'F/20
MSI9!R6ETZ.0HDW][Y'QOY40?V/8T^=Z&WYX.OS75GJ@UB_N`?&:R%4\`JLG5
:<*Z)
MR#4.4X9Y#/.8<*X)YU8`8L)KUA,+KQE^.S6DSXO?FFI/F'N:694)KAP<:

-PKJX5TM;!UW(DESZ:?_.7&!LLKFAHX/QQF5S/\L)_I3


FVGS2:#.?4SCE=
8
M2NDZ]K#?K479/SG#-57QW_8:J6TX8$G_IZVI#W]MF'20@XZT8CZKMWK].R^




2V3\@_/*[O!M$QZHLT:3
LD

M6B:9G





MPD


M%/SM%;9\;A+RP%D+IE[



#^F4P4PQ`J0YA
%,A
M32)#,]'6'$@,`9O@/S&9*:?P&2B&


.?+Z9*'GZR:8)



M-U75
MOV!_


A-Y

N5[[_6[\`DMATSL:W=Z]<W8J^)2#%,L3U3C+HX
M.GIXMDS15+7ZV-+8(_$8-.DK/WVTOB[]'[
9V%8A
WSRL8;@40NW\FO;@BQ
M
$!B#5ZCN
[EM3F;)SN;'=L=NG9[
#K;LVF8HG:FJ%=[?D+RNN$:
YT:EM[[

D?WK@)74MH==4P)TQDHQ%;AD
MO@BB1U*:NVG.U+'/5+OCV*XSJ-L-U!2$&(;8EB&Z`\?N#GIGRA#GJ
767U=)
M
_+JEJVFHNW`D*Z-T'0&0WLXK$56-Z::S;#=J2%=RW9=Q[6[H_Z38KNF*N('

IK1R*XQTY2$I


!RA64U_)#Z]=E\$B7:5F?0HVR0]_%7F33);-]+CQ_KO(@*;Q


*](_^TKI!T[^N?1MD%&S*9E\?2K


AO8'F
8']/F(&5&+-
MO2F]#U`L_P+F]$*'(Y#

M$PV991%'Q!=P$L+`BE?\





MIS.PN^W.V:/I4#+[O%+//T?AQ:0@L^N[?$TB\$$A/7*'H
;D`AO..S6DZ[N:

-HLLCR7NTMP0

M/\\UX9DE7W__&8!V1/ZPHAF_\A:+./KAS[V4!(_6RTZ[Y8JOOL94E
M%[`=9
M`C2\STMU9`Q@:MQB6EM+(DEFN5);[#A%@/T1)S%PE+:!X_6K'W@&_ZJ\@V
M\
KB`WX#?9C_6?IQ2EF8](0.\O,ID#!/@5]B@OQ9&N6XIW26K+O7K`D)IX


M'7-ZX.&8
_:'U?.UJX97#9Q-AU?)$ZI

^SH8

^S(
(09=M1X+=8



M+2SMCN



M-MM##I&:YT&?4KY]=-91WJ]#]58@[H/8T1!D%8BJK4#
D\B23^%[
DZ!#K][


M)?FA]?LRQ:$H'\%(2



MV_86GF

MX-'R0GC/%&P[:O9PB&



M\O%+OR&HEDOA\8]Y'A43MSUJ#3*[=\W\*K$=#KOET6(VNW!8\-+@*4WQO[


MA7%/)]@D



O]9HAO(MG

93TGZQB
*BM4S60ZQ6YJL3_
MH@H$W3Z.=PULI2D6E=PY4W)GJ.3BJ








MQSY4KZB@W


9\)F1_EX=A
L]V]KE:[#RB]_.)[/6OT]C.X=W\V:Y4'H

M
B&6\F+I\(SBO?_L/F28(WEA,BC;ZDD_R6)4*`%8)!
AC=A-!N^L_W3NS%

'ZE;YPBC%_91;ZC
]M[


IIK
+[\C(P

MG84![

OLQ


M4MV)G9]GSCP)RWZ,HO&3BY2TIF/J

U2^+
X%_)4^[
\4J5FGQ8
MH5D!P#EY[WC?%R#[R(OGD3=

5VV1




M7PM_R7ZO#N`[@?-4J*JTJB]9;
7]R48I3DHVS851@H%E=;ZR`0&%9^\H*GP]


MZ:3^RJ8T[)FN5A


H*HYKBA0H%ZD\+['3$@F@)/CM`
]L:_G[A^:R9F._1N2?0C<&I
$T]E'2K
MQZE0VY+H(6\QCNBE(_3Z!#W8:*H&58R.C$1OH-?7[7E_4XCA!JMUX!9@P(39
M8]NK/`;GIA/$1&M

TE=@\.$FZ+PV0;^`



M?/P/BZ(
8C?F`C^*RN&_/7[@4Y7$/
B2A7VR^#
O6+836;GG04-?VTK(JE
MZT0QX?&R5:&9/.8I#7Z2DC!
BVH`7$W2Q3C6X,:E@J?:DD$L4YUWYEV\48


M40SGCT[PC?BA`[!_SB+UUL252HI,B!+HN1
:BD*U0U]`1F@#H%_JEI(F9Y

M)]$ROZ7NJM?

#FP'_CG\Y7V?:V=P?54B]M(X8`:!QP%6G+E#!2H1

6MF:V
M*0KL#




XZY
M2LYG@X6Y2A`3)4Q@KI)SV'-CKI+7M`G76(N`
C#G.5].DP''.5'#WYPKGE

L$YO5J6JF9LA6D]F^28!#=&2S

U'[1V?=K6R'W3#?#








M%NFKB


II+&*)NZ:AI*+I_U!@G%9
N[=D86DYUWU1E-@_[(



M%_/'FD7^^(F0^2S&(1T-(C#AX,7*J)U9!9O$#)3/-``A::X
6L:AY\CX4B
M)*F083*\$[Y0V_]389

MSS1`8C^([[L/^Q8:Z8%UVZGLVRFPQR7GO\)[)V3L[R1)`Z3T0K(:NU&V'*R=





DHN9-NDNJ+EKO]635THNDEEPZA+(-:O2\\M;AXE
MSQ-O..%Z^Q!.9TZP)
[P^\*+Q'QJ7@`JDFQ*G




OD!HRH
GO(B5.@;M0H\B


ME
MLMQVX[:%8R*JVC9\@$B_R8W@[%AO8S+W0\^P&.6


ML7I#EQ



)L











^I\


_.YHD[

MB^2?\N5/KF0=6I+*M4E*3E(JK!)%5?Z.2_C)OR16AIK?9CTMF,HX[*)TD(






G*58.2&;Q[^ZGY?L+2S]4&'W)*EQJZRI6H#



5\8^7#P-597IJ])PT_]=TX3L[\H+M6]<(R]7S?`WE^N9I8DI4

M+OWDP9NZ
;EQG\E=.'4FORDGLW\L9@EY)Q!E7YSBQVWY'5WS8
7P.S-P]G




M#O:41$*U?R(/!;8K?+(]^PDH2_Q/HG.'
K$22-/FP$@^WX
_RT[R%A@^P@






ML+@:P$69.)?7SX15$KV]1#C%.C``U4\YPU-W7P[#O0
/!WG(C$B]F/\$F

N77_Z

M=RYS=[S`KKM-@SQE!9_CG5)SAJAG$8MP4;$$Q2US^:AASX_&H0UM]%NC_N




&-3AZ.


M8=7

B

-,P14^CQX.JN2%O):GU4VD2F][\*5_?'E6A8-21<EZ^7V
M_.%





M


`('$R



$56435
TK)=;=L

MYRJ



)J:C
G6968?2@X]^`'N?O?D2
M`X3?+X2^Z\PZ#'@?(:14C3Z



+
7X.[T9Z_1@EJ$Z_?`$G5

B&J)JOB`-K347\!0EIX+M??UF'IT^V






M*NN696EM%3);7-42KM@;@04NUXZ+4Q(E_T)1=R)D3C1-D8YH852MA$Y#P!75

MJX3.3;1`P6U2P%!V-G;KZT1XCK0SI011.7&G@H.O:H.'/#L`+-G
LE77#-E0
M358`XNSK+0JFX%G83^@R+I3YX'Q'L]^3HI
[7
&2@;M:!V@D:5;UY%PZDZC^
M6C.LJIH*_^YW+XR-7&UDE*;]Y@)7&8?/D0^$L9P







MHJ3V%*6N.UX?=C)-=E/ZU1IO)]#;NA!:A#8[&FW'=7K0R)VN:;.CF5FV[J



@D^FHM3CN\@'+@`\HGZJSV`P
RFD-*7X[L&HJ@=WDSY29
MR=\.'&(1G)S*VO&M'[O[2(F4]2HH[[AK]5%%2W3BK9'!=6P:)@ZK'KM<KV*Q
M#YT-F%D?[+`D^H`D/\3%,8&J9/:KH_






)
MQ
!S&P9A_5VD^^/^S0#C30Y-MO%`PC=P#$


??2]D#JHP4)GTG4'M'N\B*
M*.NJ:.H

MX#B?V'G8B9V&IHLZ^W&Z8R$(9XBV#*$JIJA8T@MEB+&ZRH=4L/:
X!56'6*&
M^\D%J_6
*E47C8GY0@6+


)JRU&/$7Z1QD

?ED`R2X8/'R





O^\-8W[







M6#-X3:6?OQ@W\T^Z^DLBH!:NT#0.KB;L^)USOH4(OV#-1WBGF)!W)T(!L

V+`#


M&%5
[NE:+S.6Q\WN7`RZ**R<H86#0BPOL^SD.A`=A+D
M=$JB



EB;J5D4JWIBB




T?



=:%51()PCRQ(=!@)A-9A$A23!M%D4MT
M!;R'<CX#B`4#HDM6=G3K_83R5-`Y!&`+0K/M@EHX0*L4O(JQR6*;AV4<G;)



MEY8Q#BJ\.'(*@&UPK$
[ELCI$XGC976TC@5&T8-1R!
H2P-*U_&
*
(N])9.N%19'A..'8SJ5(&L?+4/D&#(V
M%GF-$T?J4&\Y:BV@A$.C@^.[U.2R$UT9:0^!0;1?4C+8+$;Q2];;!*^6M
MA;6I\UK+H4GWES0U:HV^FC9+I2%AK^'Z+%OF@_D1PMHC.UA_/^WO%8#$4G
M8!


*@Y!J;'
M?A1.%`5.TZ03


M=U;;PYF248QZ(+\O?#




M=3$F@FTL4LBKYA()3)N5
C(L9A)DC-]IJL3IJDB'-



TG%\=
MEREDB+W*B9@O/)BIU;S3M[+5FQL5'QP)=6#C


KF^Z

3[L1L#
M\&M9D9ZS_/C+E$+F*H7=+S4B49](O*QNNE(A0MY^VDBJ\SE[;R:I/%$T@6\L

@;H/(4[W*L#W]A7#Z%8)S/-J[2FE(ZG%G(Z;2BW+HLJWGE/:



[^_=O?-1\^







MT-W%$MM36D7'WI3-$66Z?^#UL+Z349*EC9#CFF1'8UC6.J;/R'U=D
/WQ&]%
M






M
9F6\C73W)E]BQDR])*OC[@GV!YD1T/:I$-(DLDL5\CLP;2\9UD_7Q@%T*

M[KN=C1R^1S?Y5[2+N3XI58D[^_7N
X4`G`GBF9B*!*JE*D8T]7N@IGL@;'JP


M

MY9+EB1;P1



M]YVXV#)8HGE`YNK8!2

!GL$@]U^I]95




ML




M
MNL'RS#]M

M3HKN2J)MH]531[?;V40FX5@?_2S

PV%&FS;BYJP#7*'^P
M`P^E\@I?@4;;]=9=






L0S^DLE^0+

M5D
3JN@UR'QN6C2MPV.?SK!'%(IQ@1']`T6#;E(GX@*)(O][+%?\&^'WCPWT



2NB@C7+^#%L
M
QI8Q\;AP]&G9%=C_C!G`;$=\C(2#Q-C0491)I_=H46'^N3-[Q3]7(Q3H
)

MA43


M


B_ZFV
V-)Y(E
M+IQ'YX&5UFGDE@U4V]C+RLOTI/-@LS%=)@*CC[8



MM9PMQZ[IA8%EOK$DX(!*



WCI(E1/I-PSEZ/L]).!@






E3$M_?(JVX]M5ZC0MN,N#6O#=^:LL,MH
MPLD[MB8#)8TQ_JZ0-8^(QIB[Z)^F/0U<1+[@DX81_K7MD=ZXMCH!2\
:YZF




MW`CUYYO;MB47.YB`N)2=+XR0+#+A_\DK


M.*7=AUM%*311$(N?CET=@&3K'
DVT3E9%KNUE%.Z

MH%!IOM[8(`+'18NU!N1#F#4P.BJ%KHG*YUD3$R&*
;?L0-N+3V5O]&@4%`


(`[Z6&@

MI.

9ZZ'&T?O
\!W=N`WE.!RN0'9=@;0/P8\RL8



MDOV_$-]7\OG[2B*8;Q2W0[YKV)XQ95P5E.G`(/]SETDT/?G=(X9KO_H+$@!X
M1`

M+8@2OF*3J._9-?Z_O3_O;=O*'L?AMT($R8
$H%7NE)H9`\[6IK\FSC=V^\'\

M(8*O+2RO^*V244E_XY.


*6X\/0A
NA[S&L$08N=(,2
M.E,TS2Y67PQ&Z(::#_2Q7*B'IYI/5S@<Z_88B+\,6=1G1M/=QD\4+A1[(6F





%H
1_Y&G)=Y`1^

Z6ZEW9?0&\L!QB7K?VI#]7B!28U*(U6)S]Y?K:X9Y=-/94KL3[?


'$('I*-NO6;P54?GOZUF\\%5S^LT'BX[7':X
M[(Q=F11-Q11-;6FVXZ*4L.=A3CFP_D;1_2ZX3-_3OJ(D+;85F1`D*K4B^6I
M'Y/F2[+.5NPD79Q.)2YV7.R.*7;RS!1533\KL1MJ8
/=':M`\]TIJ['$(4/
M=7(!;&`_04K7`Y`+99?6CJ
]&49TT`C5
(&R


#\^_
WSY4I=%U2B-T^

9X^*3C'?GJ42)80<`?D#FD4\6HG!'AUAM['HPH(5OID

-^1&AR5[5)

M7SUWSO[8A(7TUU5PO6P2(5T&^Y2!OMMM+_N#6BY`7::X+H'Q[`SJ!M/U'=[
M0%R#!2O!J


M7]NNNVGC/
D^1$180EQ=**IEC_#NR
NCJ-8)1PC:5(O/!&_.RM'C/:0YRHYW
M'BK[[#Q
3-T'VR?ST/.#I
A-*_2E0O(^;.7[Y$:U3TZ11'DF=\?W86V4XQ(Z





MZ\6OD=UYO
+GWG9M4'5K9H=($RX3N\K$3!=551JG.`PU7.U@

M65V$L7P:;4C3:+WM9N(CD%SHF@@JS\39M(L'D@8C=

M/BY^)Q0_OK=O!#
4N[NY@UN$QS(



MJ`


5'B?/Q:D@UXD?\:\\YZQ+$Y55=2UC@+&`5.*



M

*_;\;'3H_V7Z5T/V15A

MMJ`J4TG7^E^H
BM1=!](3=-LL6/E




M]
%^M$S6ES[W\FK.C'WWSOT0[0_*%A7!R0BMX$X(%O%[Y2&12G8BM&0X

.X


'@!R@LBU1R%\OO6#:CL((K)`@.+OXHH2Y(H29(`+LL'HGA+

55K;C`/3
M4B_Q]H&4P=(5O1&2PJU+E\JA8[O%PN@H
.-)0ZLB0\@K^CJ:VN!S*2D+*/H


M*/P6N410I40L;L@ZI
$

+G:2P.89\[$F3F;U.GLH!06M/`*S*V#



2J81Z3RRFA

5M
`KB(W;SU5




M]EO7+?
@=^%G

M/MG
GFZJ:HJY*
M6)&RPT!8V#[$.)X?%



$N#


R80(0JUDZ^X)\9'\22ZTBO3
M][Z5#)[D!`'T4A




M)[:-$@)H=FC388C8.?R/16
5ZX5.@1(:N^EETVR#[&$01@.QM1
AVODK5H9K
M&
AH?\5X(*:@?S1LM!XMVZ&=;33:R?V+5


M!3M%OV#0E(0I8A&M9@BH


@EM/-[;6-5@H(5KW6
MBH1)2I^B.H=P$F2^
-Z5_SP$32!A39F!\F7#8`M3`5HG0




MNLP[Y+LJ0W%:#-GNF(HHN'UF9#40/;3Z]CT49F+A.I3-O5B%RS_`B+B
2E


M


YS
)I3=


D&AN$).@2&DL4]Z[

M
&&-


WI1`&Y4NY0$\_%F43\5-ZV
ME*'B[1H2B#;Y0J5P4IL^4

M4E&GD#7LFA4!J?-Q0SA50KFE*%&H'*:M/MTH5*_%N
5NG3H%FK-+/
6&-T




@
MZKW=
#:;PFH%:*-AW&@'RWQY:8B&IHJZI.6&KEZ^H,=TB2-\OZE+J*)$X5

%A$)V$/JY@8Q


GH@%H7)!L(HE6AIBO1K






M`=1R[9H^#Y2

YI`8O+AJSW]YY;A2P2FHV

!4'-





.PN#/C$[&%KB








@QZ#R</^-P7M%E4<^^9&IX8C$:C`RPT-Y+@\\E.?RP$-Y+A
\E-\0RK
/
M



M]-&8B$%HA5&PB:2NYUX\DJ#F8=I4!NH3

(\-*9O+.[T


M\@-N*S#INY]PFP?)E-7\IO
SI1(7G
X%1Y8FRO@/8A]NG[B?AZ_X^J^!E&3Y


M3Z&.





MP%!!/7550IMLA^@)P



M

B#BS#L1T+35.$U
M?LPBSC1W97^^25T;?*V^;6:__6D`*U7CLV



.
^
M3B4AH%^/&4@!P+(4)
^`H4/


A




M8FDADM)VH[3(:V6F`:XKIG+27`!MGK%U!CUH*3AB=D-[54JO#YQR/F8DA[
M1`J)AQ6&92

34&T^5^!

HBHFZ08)3UJ*A[30K
MLI[X6+!O


*?)GQ9

M#1!IXETN/Y@(KY4W&]H$'VDNA']F-3FUJ#/6`@0S=M5I1JUJ*:(CPH(GZII
MP;&A#]Y01,Q,(^L6T/-*L#@?`%V))(,,W_$HQP4+QN!S7C0$!LAQYP'

M
KEI4R8W/4(F%X^.U6=DRD22-F0E:5I6.#PG

X


AW
(UD.[/SZ:QM21^1B5WG@VT;3

JRP-BBB251L2Z!K_+R?+8
MRE$%#SZ[;/+K%]\+ML_
:0TS6KN2RU0A&NJ`7
VH=#BS1O_O3U:K^
Y2C-:C
M:WP\@8\G#'H\H0



3/01DQ76X]16TR-NIH
MC4U]P+T!]2TA-Y_]X4'V
YS]Z2G

MZS5+CR`KYE5T7_L

MGTY1&Z93U/(PS\[@'2UN-0KMV&G6))F^N#S#^?9AA'7=
MIUT;V%@I)QVGD3/L0+<=O7!Z`P7K1)'NP*+<3:9B$/W43I4P]P#`YV32OAK/
MEN2*.8TF!]VAUC5UT
5:]*2`5*E*.K$U'B*IKC;[[0AQJ^^61)?!]#3*/
M?#NT24`=-&X/)\$WBX7[H*?T]JW
R@:D(1

QN5@]`8J;D(]U0^#G;
M5G2-S?O&=:/-:=EE<M9!PS,GI:WENQX)L-\9`/NM_-]OK?_F+?X%U*K;^OK
M][MX)J(UCTN:]]ZQ`K`(

5^W^3-9`7&5+'VXQ$D]/J&CM'NBY3?21

M1SP?


MS\P))







?[<O4^NP!ZJ&MO/J6'.))D&RWW[DJT<'S]\=3LUU!S8/YVM24_&3+R53P




WF8331M]/+`(^_SQ)NK-H^\GTGI


C
M4\

'




O5ZD:1/DE_T1[+

MI2G+
ZD7RA1!S.E;X5YWV^]UMS
7OI.59;OP_GN@A&_-P\AR;HF_4MJJVN4W

ZC3-K@.V0(A__




X]


M]^A4A05X56$);E5X1+]:\]-.F/Q6V#3I.)`'8\[!7/6V7V(?4]3K'.G1-VDP

$#V-QC)7ZJG?3ONGV\E::]JRB=3#I&X&J'6S/


@==?\&0[OSB+)[JA/W
M4(H:3N3UO$[J
'6-G]3!`_H
DO

Z-D'F[:NMWGN-WYHN*O-''!+5M#H9K^Z


M5EA9_KWM_BQ(S64/O#Q=Q*3*$^'F]NKVC]OK[_\2OG^\^?C]SX\WM()QUU#9
1,$*JD6E!0D1=/R![0K6?.[Y\N=$^&''3Y0







M7K`$

M3E&GU]\+UJ#B5DDN\A26:Q(
.X6<R*]-L
M<FNM9VF?[V=W#CP,!A-^M_/[@UQEI]=L--XH_A*F\Y8;9492R\N%7!2X*.R
?44D]?R&^$:/+A%'9R#G`7;E1WW.?`L^#8-<1\L#(R95[!=L).(^*4
MQP9
LL

!^[@+%.@+Z!_`V&G\8/GDMH2C$IWWL@W/V.)=_

!%(5)/EC0
MHGR6=V77V27S$JP51HP4N/)U7JJSF3B5(#M[J2F2*DZ2[`T4X5L2Z[-DP;&




Z
MV#A\X;AR@/06UAWBG(@F]#[+6LF%]\.-W0DX9=NEB1)FVDZJ[JE'AV_ZP8.]
MCC$'_P


MI/Q`N5JH3\4I..43[WP.(]BX05$*V9+3N*8F,0YNV`'0@9TX6-J1-\#P4`

M62JX(-3

6?+^3))C/\^-?7G3QS@8,T42\?[!L
M'_EM'[_8).E\/%O


UB*:$Q$US-8G4I=LOJ!6
8


MJ
(*'D2L+?X;;D#3&Q;3%'&#V(

FCU/V
%
MF=6:JC%+?Q-2):*8K]


M
$/
TX%;`Q.&E85)9BA6O,D5P#;0NZ!$%0#'SP'R!F4K$:)8:#P\/UU!$$D
M6@!:Z)$@I\BL:E9B)L+(&]WY
%REO$E2Y=*S))U#Z`$(;WIBB:.K&`1UGF7


7%WE0A5E%+
ZPZ#LH4#9R'?@
%_E$;/CP
Q8$
MF=9G!;;4SV3\%GXOAB3T0E52E6A3@O`F6A/:6F.DB24(FRE4_]^#F`*Y7-NB
M5/O=X0K]YXX)*BP,B';/@3KCEYB!2X,`%J1C6#9Q`9!7ZI5[SS6$.U1#$4

.H!@][#V9*-KQ.H&



M/3&]-)B/+`
5\4\




MK8P@0]L0.;MTS8
[V+CZ(R#?:?
FQX[=!X]*+;!#6DR'=97V:R.E7:-LW&\K

MJMA;H6_5ME5RG90MS0I&NII*TOZMB?T[$?MU'H37C!*LQT!?MF@O'-)-.*B!




M/B)%A_TX5_5I+A4T_(]W-Q__WQ\?O]X*'__$9[J&/9IX[0I?+!_LADJKRVI1
MM@J]
%)JWN?4%G/6M5I@]FQJ$I_(?X]*%EY`E^.[U`8?XH&WI/KO;!MB#@

M=XJ-`K@+STFCW/2QW2=$/+[=1I^67X)=W;A$C0QL4`;BH#EQR?$S=P.Q5G
M*NE5*[


MB]5S#TD5IG22P#WV$V4)$O-DHL9MA7]79DVH6V.6ON@7

?JP.<!0].86`.@+$-75MH
+R=!K[E+@K9!<N/;!IE8N`(G





M(ZTI%KHL!4T





DW)!@X4SDY\R2EN?
ILR\JMW
TQ4WARSR
MQSYB?(AGE'+^#//
U`


FS]#

M


-@D77G07+B

M
XY`U)\@Q3JN'XB&7N.0?CMQY=
M@EGHU/$`[,0!F9*DC[.Q):+0^?BH
VFHFQH76?)SS`FW\]@=B@51XF63ABH
MM1'M
E:%5(F.B@1#CL[&YEZU#!O+U@+PJF
M(6J&+.HSXYQTF@O@:`10
T5%A_]-STH`AYJB\'X;KVIR5G)6CC'V[:12\KMM


VSU87C[CY*F!CKGB.O?=$<I:5

MRF6B3!%UIN
4

M2W$!EE

+
M8$(D49;&FQ

*0(\AFG]P_7)W+MW[?^1!3V2X(ZX9&F'@7`AN)[+.V_#42Y9
MG

./NO`96(O@VM*
L4<T<_##AU:Z](('PE/X3OWLIR
M1?:&*-P0WUXV]M!3C7T+1=PH2.#._K3ENZRZ!JG$T.O.E'V[C89`!06`4@
M&/70X;8F'S*;OLADJ7A+OGP)[SF!C+TO%D-%B!('DN#&(\@8=:+4*9$YP




=SXG&O'J46):\=PP]_1:4

MU71@O*3$*]CNW%L147!)R
W9R-5D@.:

WG#)DT-GC/D`6#T!--F8FS












MSKWL
%*;0;8)CIGFO'^PW'M2-^YDN\+2LGWAT7(B@LT!Z]&R'3HVM?2`WI:#
M[8-'PG

:&*

MA3Z#@&\TDN.GTBB=`


[`/

4HQ@A+[#_TD6%OS

MI6H6B^]ME.5
+P]NLA=EB8K:#X+*A!@[BY;E0J%3^``FD`XWAENDXVM8-=1
M?M?R7@&I3YZ?X154I[^\40L/\C^)
#&1?;G!S(GJSN2^[$JBUVDY[7%JRUT

([C)W

/'1C?B4?%YOYN;JA`





MB3FNQ


;GD4_=RB:

MW'8WGZ?LY?

MZ**F2:(A=322=P*BC/MW-?A%DET@T\+7]Q9F'BWBKB!O21X.Z9QS5I5TU2
M\&$R49*TT6H2%XK.A4*F9VP:FL&%@@M%\D\1]=ELU$(QWE1WO_(N.S(MP%S7


<`


M)`..G:H?D85`_L:)5]SOS++:V
?289SXX-9:+0BMOPGWR

M8Q&$
YV7/GCIX[0R
=

M
'!MZ@..-MIDBC-#%36IH]


OYI'OIU7J#D6A
0F;AC51DV!#P['#&4)^#7^&2!PN$!
MK^,3!=[4'B/`@YHS4W%#5,&[*#+W+ESTCNU==-T0==-L,).G%KRNVU<X$XN

)4%51-6:BH9CG21$N$<\N)!MCXMO]6/=WLB`K




@=3

TS*@(?!N




MUC[!ZRR$*
#B$5XWL)(CW)
+6?




_@OG:=IP]V


M*0U.(RR:).D9O`5(JN3=`=#N=70J&]HF2(N@?HC()]];72V7MF/#C8+CTG5J
M&IIJZCE1J`!T.-!=TW@_H#^GCC3X[&;?O

:A\/_U/=TZD0.B'C?%F!F&/LWG[(U@5U#\W;;NP!?B\Y\G
M

RL*:@_U6`+@^#N'-9TF194?*I11W(-:K[G3A8((([G([:BCQ3=4DK:7`M

M*C.U'9@T8GCPG`7Q@X^LZW#

4*=?3X'083#``FZIT;T\]=/
MF/W*BIXOJ#2`O5&JV1=K:Q,C0;)4HAB^@ND%+[E@






`DJSHA@ZFIJ*D6\!M
M-*$'H=F?`
^TF:[O@V3'*/8IL[JF28:D'
Y)2&Y.7[)09-G`T8T
G0)8927;



^5-3[M$&R
_1C7<#Y!UF+?NVSR8?YTZUMN@


MH45U'`(/B\(]ZKPI3^69I@]3@G$ZVW)P-OM7

M?`_8#82


_5[$/@C5?/[EDJC
9G_HHS%LV`5D_

M#$W*/U1:#UZ5



9+H)I2W'^E




LL_KKH=UN[QZ_&!4!6N;BCF@?C%
[.?//\[64?^



_L?O-DO[\Z.ZMCN-DTF[8Q\
MC5
6<@X.#







%S


M'J#UPRO/&2P`6/\OL($N/$)\_RFIS%`
WQV=`^?!]TG#[QTS#1]#RW6B3WR=

2$;Z:XKPO/













^
M16AZ_:9JE!0I2YQ?U8*8J]7:PENHGI

O





M$5
OL








^R[!1DU-8S
IZ66).!45\(S=ZE[$%7*^5-5KB7FK7!T31?7E;2

M\,:.\Z(=A;Q^ZGOUSX[BDT8^\T3$)6T84:2*'=)&_:-YIH7)3?UK3D6%9F

11K/5+$3=SS))SR$2#WL

'OL$@8_;^UHU?;OT7-9


MQFT2\`6
UI1^(R[SUZ;+':.1G1=V(KK\^_E?ZO8-&DKR`OBOQDC4
?*WN$L;
MYO%!VJ[M








ZJG='7B&IW\A-$2RH0E#;6R_W.!H35T9^P
M9KFL@

$\O.FV7

4Y?



M:F/SUQG-_=W2+ADN!N_E4B2)YQ*UB\N(MH_UL3N:1OZE3




TUH.-XXK]$[)ULT[E'-B;(W:J\2*@*[`&Q74O;G.*@@W:15M[Z
MGJP/GJPT$)=]*P._%Z-K74SRDOJB(UC_
V1HU=A<J=QKNMA<X0BC

81R@^==+T6%W1Q_NE+828-TN

6L:M+X@UD@JVV]30IPLM8/5)*%VQ]J3]PM^1X5QAP.Z611N


MP8*8@!QF.ZV%5P-=MP$FA=7R:G?2?/8$=F*=[&Q1XV-*6=023=]@;#XBRZ*J




5J4L*J8C?YBZ_!`HOM8$^87DF_6B
2;`%O



X$/-X#:CX@8*D5.`6DVWKCT92VS[CJ

::8]X

M.$V5^*BB0YFK01&@VCV&BLCZ;5`9W!4'0I


=N7[-($/T#K7*?
MR)1C;Z+U_!PZT)3Z1T4D7IP*E:RCTSC8P]I+[




4R*/=


O

M;3B?^^5HU

2(FF_T

M0$6RK

)E)3P7U_]8



MG&


0HJ[O

C`Q
C$R
S%?9&5F+GAM;%54






MB8$WIA=2^5@U)BI1`/AR,@;)W4X0-*.[5X@=%3/5;`-%:3'4C=U64)3HNU
M.0+59WVN`#5[`%.P.CZ$

5QUL=P



EE][
MOAY7@)H]@E8'1_&+BV#V(.6.^'\0:_`@;R![T6AK(WPJH8S.(XZV
XFV.L
4
M'9@-Y&9IRLACE@JJ:;P+V]_CI?B/RBL-IF)V994(7RX6.$\7VG%UAX.8!B0B


QF_T








#3*F:7.T/\7P
4_7N`-MQP*(U3]Y083@U@D0E=2E@6"J&<
MQ24W@30DU_4<D,,[7YO7`L@EX;\H3%2M_:C[21@WZ]BECY@MCY#].M-C'2L
MI;9G`*WO%G)##`_)1P*]$%]IC!N:ER\;3!.]T[GA`3#;5*ZAMV@[Y!@[_#H0

Y5](E0LL[65UF:
7R#48*YT'.74$:Y


MST-D;Q2/5@B25U\``D4E7K_[!D!61O5L#7:`






M+7VFRW@#(




M@GIG^

M)#^8N[-6!(O2I3#
FPGM20(NIQZ*$UE)?;B5$ON;\45TW-8#UK3NH#:%Y=0%


-YC61L1G1
MD_
SG`#3ZQW5S3%2?H)IZLXK!$%2PU$K)@7TMHWT$0J1D@J


.KG9P53\


MDMA#+(9G`

!E
.(:KS!

DC=?\AEH6/P%*I8V4





M6)C00:2


M)T9NS!RD`D`(K('*!!


M@4I+/GJW47;97II6+1Q3F8#-:

M0;KL#PE9C&D.DD\S:F`M
5N\T+`QLGZB$UYA$HCVQJOUJX'K$2!8(7:1F^QQ
MUHFA3+S:2







YIZ-//P].B`[`P`RK


U%6O-)G1Z]PI)=4N8VN
MD9TL^47#095;

M8S




M]0YOQ!O0Y27_`DQ_47/


M_Q7E*[R*9




ETCI35E\S
FRQ4G








Q
MI@RJ15/MZ5
02QV
WG[=^JOJ#F\R%JS$AGVRSL$642?125PW);#K[^6MO1_Z





MW7;3:6?BZE8X2M0G4D@_TN%KC3H\
.F/?XQQ+;K*V#_$Q7!AF6#PEL5/A%NT

)K)V9WQ`FX*#M0-F_]-A.]IBFB2\(ON7#QGAZ*





MG-_
T





M@_F4I)

3G3IH$O%W
SUU#\H\
MN=T!6FJK0'UR
M9!68T;TC.8S3+Z=JV\PV*=?6=AB&;DS[VOQ-07J^$
UV
M^9Y?'.)M66P]S0YZ'S:Q+F
J

F431FZU=YAT40]*+LBCW.I/:(YV2VT'\W^

M'2K/T
1.=4-2D

MFHUQANC7_P(;K+MZ$S7B=P,FU147TM,NTM;,E]`BJF1SG3%U`P;7(^KA9B
MX+;(UIHO;F*Z?

/\N7F



MKI'HA



M51*?*$(@PT)$2)_E0OU6H@5Y(VWO(DU[712OXZJ$UYJ^XNYGL/
JFM24]F
M?.M@;

W*I%





M43=V

F`;TL*+T'

M;(DH^;V(/G(K(HY(6(2M:







=N.5I/=06\2+J9NQ%SV)/D:

+_)C.:/@)L:\X%8N]&%U[CX.
%6/`

2%\S$17
%XG8\#!2
IMX\^7+'GSSYM_WOSSYI\W_[SY9SJ.
MF%L%'W$47L7L'D6XUY3K#BS*/





Y20Y`N-'Q/

M-P)#9OTT:@^



MB$#@C+








@`^


M\(.=Q^LU27
GBTA?YQLJH4M

6^+


)AQC=JG\?O[29O
3/.FW%FS;BS

Q'EW(S@N&$LYX;%:!6FP874W8Z8!KMK=RS5Y,NT5YM0*

][
6ZWZ%HJ2
M5=YL
EE=_I:1)Q2)&




M`VYUH3?M8;ME\0:S='L;(2JZH`N3:C/2FI2F/06AR@-9B;(G;5RYK%+X&O@3
M\OO-M6BLM63\8EN0[Y1F9W6ERE-=EI


M^7!=V2Y2@






'EB@O$:/\!$UN


9.\/!NR^J4(3^!


M4C%S

M[JV*N%22Z4PT&;F+:UXAG_@!1+Y=A6]7X=M5[.CY=A7]FNG;5?AV%0.*'JJ[
&%*67CFI3G[
EDOBC)QS3Y=&#[R'K(FAYA

@:H0\PQ9-]8L!
MXC$5KM+Y8A?&OWP1*6CX#%..7[&_PP;W!K#CK@?4-B`HS)V;%TN%ECH*=[Q
M=
??2Z3/TX!$I.AI-Z(2:/`SA:O9


[GC@3'V/1(6^;=


M




M1`!D
TEQU\X;G`ELAC&X/!

M#4)+MZJA5\+
2JHN0PV
G&WW/S_PYT(=98/X`=0C@V?8

@E9]P/&+
C:
$=

MJR




M;%TWQ7QFOC?&O#'FC3%OC'ECS!MC4

M@MW1I@*U476_

[6


6CHJ:`I8_T-ERGDT*@3*J`U?%(6



2UT7![??YEN/NC




V
MOJR4$:2L^R69*\P?CB)NSUR^B-06?(8IQR6%T/\^DA;N@CT:5M?]7L#`3I*2


MLN505YOF'52V2V((=+'9D2]V4!LB[*8\)1'V8&@XEGE
WH+L.H3FYA8IC9F;


O%


A29-YNH+)=]=APWGW




M
=5%\^2KEHN`^Q`]?5683CPGYA'_H?I=F8)?GSLUHV%E]C4/ICJ/$]#R8*-\




YMI
M.KS*Y7&K5K?YDMR3C;_.`1[GN#PBZ7QJ5B]FE;CZ_(+CIF1]H0P'\9*2WW/6
MJX@5WQ\PPPG?),);3%%TD)[E<[-\;I:=W*P6;55,UNIZI@`#9O=:)@/EV^
MAZQR@E?W<T;HJ-21\6A8!*2`.I^)455*46L5Q1V4\9
2@-V
%GNHFJAKYP?
M)?$PBV-[I+:!NEADL($I+SQ?(;;DADO\A09F1/[QG)1QHEF)Q
;AR;6CB]
MC[)98J4LEWY@P)*
6NA&,!MI:1$M:*$UCOZM;[6C4YI+JM%4Z?_!)71IQ'





MY^YCFKOK4



&L!(]##2E_#
FRQ6G

MS+
T+T#AQS?8F:G&@


X-J]/'#V
M3\F

MR+
73TNA*F@DA.E(R55YJ4)TUSGB'JS!07ZBI#UG)$4'+3:A!E-YAP
[?O
M\!/F-/
BH1+#NM!'J9H6\N_
MQ






M`$?DY6;H[-0


M!C!9TO.






%=*AOI6+]/FE@&
MS:54=31[96=

1#?)]M-A'!3#G2WO8$



M*-%870
)34*V`[&4B97K23F_-#VL`MO$1/9\\KB:WO-#;'UO?O]2]HP7VY






M;!Q:AJSU&[J9DO)$SX8+4$:YAXN*4^;MV\X:8(&J,\R$H6$+D5L(N=!.33=
M]@2[UIWQE

M!'DU$[*8[:$IIQ;`X&909&F\CA])2PM80W?=$R)37$(-4$FT@3!M#8)E`O10
MG(('H@\TF/R;5JKS9]KJ+QA5@IV

MS+YJIWJ%
7I^Z^WK3IEH<X
MGG0C`X/QS(MNHDWN.@WT;;O?Y!6L7PXJ.3#F17'L:QLD#!N^,_.BD/25:8GB
M`Z(4T:MH2^CRG&*+Q!A6TX_Y+PDY_$-61-NK)4?$^TFE'UIVB0LV4@J&T9=
MA/I0&BX4J1CZ3_(;62'

2JC!K4T;Q!=

BDY!;!T9075V;
M60/SY'61FT#/W4ZTG*SGR57I6J0
+8F81Y
KE1_RX9T##B0%^2$??LB''_+A
MAWQ





M-(-K=T_0P1?NUO
A0PR)F:Z*&\+A]Z9QFSEZU]ZQ*

`5=X)CK]I^T;2J!J-




MZ)_CIX+FW[0Q;WV$Z]M(^[L;'QZX]X@&.8F_:*/=]H0)6!ZM+U__5?3ED=%
M\/U@M(^?,&T3UZ^1/L'TVC/-HQ$?RVI-?82[CXEF[[N_J[=_-8EQG\SOV$7



MMNN.:$L+.\AI;GACH%WM!M'P2Z*+;M.W+1[U

I-KPUW
M7A&ZP*E5S='A!--,R-&5TH,.7!OEO#-'U7`4N!7.$1F[W:GZ9=$(C7RRXNCO
MU)+C!&S7N_W_6XKTV=[C.A



O-7JSKS


M-0N;G9K(NI#JM\2TA%
$B







M7AT'+:
XHVDU*V)&PU



T1AU);Q$@

MSH*8;I1[GF2]P*YI

M*F.X
Z?GM6QR3IK.9


MTN

I1N#X^3GNH\#HV)HYPA(VY$=62SA
M1L/YH;%P8WB5%[H?&NN'QG:^+UC&[6$!)%311P
52`TW6/71A`]



MR
DKP_7S7RY$1^6^M;C[H-9&-HB

2CW$0I\@MK(&*I.(


BK:

M2&VU5Q8UH
'?3[_R&%[3(

LNDW$G)6
#WX

M4




_%



*F`_WRA;/.#9&?8FZ/D(BD



J

5FN^(5H]H09MPP_B(GL8HSSSJ!5B'K#\^*N






V=DPQC4CFD%Y^\IY\]ZRI8)PZ'04831F\YAP.18I]YX)H?

W=N(-13'MK(L87^$7&

M4AGKFY01'IVVR.W#(U$I



MV)8O3K!
`SG5E:$A,`4X8/KC9U7K-WA`'/:_!1,/N.T5((H750LW`

7CVNZ)WF?/28D)(@1G'6XR#_+3<7_A7SE_Z)?UP4Z

M

MI?.%


3T6%H9








\V\'#%;RID2:NPSP-#-.&L`AIF/\KROT!'S@4N:XQDO!;
+7<A`=&^X0($C?R6\LF3E#T@<79AO
:98*[_Y#4T(S'.Z\GW?X
M5.8J3P:7#C@_M=5$AW


G=KFQLR`E3_H#KZ2?.8EX@`)$0*XPGV0B

[HO%]&2N)5\XQ6MZR^(GPB_4






M1%_-TFS`4Z)




M9%2L
ZYOC&VY:N4C=
:3YS'A2Q.200E&B-6+XEQEQ=X!21Z%OM#!=?H^5K

S+*_WDJR/5876L]V;]:(85IFROC8[2RF]$UN;:5\<5M-;LI,5SON+TSPU
M%T4/*ZQ;7;Q

MU9M./-C

MG0Q0
7K#57-QJ)ZY_7?+XC`+TF3'T^Z#6N(?1
9Y2VL8B#(I`5JR_8`H/;AY



M`B\P(SAL)PT-&-






#(]IFEGL:)(S*Y(
T:3MA![


1=5'TODUUHM9?T*[YI)K#'/O_2-GV_U'
MRH:9LV?$PK*+[0?^P32YID5KO@\
R&Z#8'






M+`G=K?\/.%XRM%F1`$7@3J

U`9]==

M1J
HC!8
8`8GB!4Y`._&KT])\YO?WWP=P;YJ
M[DN=N;[#$BP7QQOB(4W=ZI

O'O&US$V]:A;ZOW'H[RIJITYN$4+H1
MDRAVTQ/4%2(L;QM\0'^^$!SD$:B]P0@A-Q7RDQC$IY@A7-[(C^3='6]WF2I

MDOBB/



M3?SY@)EF^Z?;3RT[TJICE


XXV)$71.;^6
M+F%$:X0OV\G5D@6F)B1@O!!UE_1=VV@46%6PF'0I.)Q&,!B\WN0NS:94G(0@
M4&PN./Q.1D%QO(*6@71&B(X`4F;@M;=M0W?LB/=^TY4H?JA_SX(3]^R,]`
M$?DA/Z]MR$_MD/:GM#^E+9W2#3,Q1&D+9R:\ID\X207-L^UYA!)1W'Z::A3

M4RR[V:1NZQ9@2/@6B0'
IP=3MV-S_R6G!QXUO:3I)
1#&DU;N`24=C?8=ETX
M!5%ALQL
X_&6I0:DG0U%'4NIQ:V%Y:X



M




:QC9..^H1X.FW+2;2
MCRNP!N``':3Y&WW$45@Z\FYBNKP1_2%!/*'MU)ROD^AFAB6-YG^80NA&!:

4ON$ESSBT;_J'M!:9Q



M(

M=1[3HC

SMTLU_1OB1XD44W9`%BRTK1=;Y83@X]P_.$=C?$]081)G@\

M\'QQSG!(TBLD2G#2[2?T0M;9^BQF+'X6]1UHP_^2;B$$IT3???^5&IR321WQ





@%+J@$9J.DD]V(B$4FW%W@3)P1$!




X;)_!;


%.'C3[?729(A&JCF




NZCGFC.VW`JBTUEPW=C))/H



S/8OY\R]N]5U'Z`_#4
M9F8,T65NM9UM]Q\IW<VS9\1X$X51OB:1NC%B`2



_'^\T6AB+


M__
33L1@H3NR7
'TRS+)WB3.*)/BZ$U
@-&81$G!?\:6QS.GC!#2WSY@EE`
M$GS+^EL1:


12+OXRV8:H[\&I/9%

MM+U_M`#R/UZ(-KN(
+@T[)%?X?4JGJY


0*T?JD%Q
L.
MD87_Z0XGF#WEGLRK+
T8KJHF@9
*))EPOV9#`]A*S*YXBLLS8IZE28IHR$V4

L[Y'Q[M.;[D:8
;X;E8
=2(X
MR=7_GML6HAE284)P2R-_9S80`[[JO'(+`K!6AW_&HI0#E#&I?1KF8-_ASG

QG%QU\EK*?-?

XI&C[S$M3NNR%\FN*K3H5.%JNI4V^[OA:,(
MK](\PW[?\P@ER7SQ,Q+<IG.6A^AJAA_(]:R/Y@34_VX50+K<+N.O5DTJ]G#



M?Z_I/8X6W
C


3()XTP38[!B

F[@<Y;.C)0B%1P^E:P*B,&/F0D0\9^91#QGYD)$/
M&?F0D;F0T2?
EI@EL^WC0Y.
F

M0R&6%OI(YMI%'.25`ISY2YKFQ0.+F*T+]^\?Q4@+



M;6OII.&\3&1P
AL*WE.]S1XC$EQ%

UM[9?_


?C\1YS_@W7W.A!UON=MVSZUG]MF(



ME1!\V:59^7__A9GLRT.1?I



XL/_(E50YFD2

XJ'
MBDBQTF]!1#[^4Q%JL6P0DL7.`$YJO4.!(APC6(AJ3F[K-G2O?7QX)N9NY$





@SV3/&
$#;QJ;*GPUS
35O-\16JRV!KR%W`#$12L


4DGX-']#U7
ME
*%((F9=AJ
)%BND_::VH/%\U6-'++$)#ZHURAZV
-`1+ZHD/*A%(IQ-$BO

@UEL3AP];&H;=YI&@7


A
MT\*7T
4(





MRTIBD
*HA6)CTJQN[(N(2B2[6/HDU6'G[KY6*,$VDURC';B$B(X2AH5-:-H
M*.XI=\18NQ)=C#)$G/W&!7P
4^155!B]U)UL*C:I0UR?%^SLHR7+FXBX_MZ




M[4?




MH58RDE4Z%$`M:A@SY]JTHB*8S+..$2(BEAC\/8#4I1I6O2A9=B0RDI5:JQ=2
/[W&<E8]%L7M_+A6A(*AA7N;A^<:@

09:Z@:V@T(']$BY=2(PW+6Z

6PE$/F

MI



M(4?#@NPI-X







#=.D]MQ$Q:K`$;@P)KD?-[`@Q8HG<W0F-9WYJ$:
M):V<'S28YOVPL@CVL*#7]9=S20=2L5N0%B2EC;7^98@T
KKLJQA/+'H#:;R

(TLFB73KW'D'UEZ!X.E]P.3)-4FR$B1DV/XG2


M9SMR:


V:N?DQ3#O\XJ1
7D(86DC?/U;A\EQ6ZB1WJM

:PUZ
X#$]O4.1



MI7&








X;#
7253*#PSJ:]1G'

MU?8HZV_.N#4`+0M7HQOUJG
%G

MB:[W


F1LO%4&/GKMG^Y
M4XOX7`KP383I#
^$$:OSZ1X'0=\HIY5!
X7N5-AOE#U([I`$

%7
D




M`S(WT+Q
OQP1-M`<$^\R$CAB!Z/0U]
1Y(OS:U@]JX\]H:9


;`/II]+7REG]:FXS


M@BS^
2J*%ES5WEQ!XNG9(TF+,[3*-E-4F+*#`'/GCDCY$256@C/2/%W=(L@
M^4O-P+`U&T8/WC)

L)`_`'@58AH5G76N.H4B,,22

M8`


1^&E3$'J_$?N.RIQA'W

3JX
M/B197I7,?K:=0'7*
2-ID!]'D
'Y2BY[$?Z/O:%


!;[K1'L(+O'6`C$P5JTH
MYM+D`AU)9/.TFPB!KZ*J1@

M@QGIV;(=!PHZ
'`1:WVNL=&3FO1P=@?=PCUBXR/VIIYXH2;S_D@G#9+(I43K
M6;98
H7O':H-^$]?H%O<$EV4)JZE<-:I9_;L=
MU$C9UO@

L2K]M
K85<Y$V8`1&5CU=I_KD<

M*@0$!B!#3ICMFIEQ7`)Y+G1G!%RILE0'?OFU)G$'R]?NZF2%B0^'ILJ(-EV
MB4]'ZH*TT2Z(`




MGAB_XC?&$://AQW


MH&\;
I

=W)7\R<UE'\A(O@D2\LM[O


%1EI@$ED@='#7N+20\CY:.8=X$UJ2477424S4/



;\BW^A-
/PM%
MR



6[5FSS6G+D&

II!

P0\UV`R0LY
MZ]8




MLV%AA)R)B*MB1.8EVOH%Z

M
.0!D.%O6E4U`G784B!F4Z'(2[C


(P



M



9PMV\[

9SQVHY!\0)\GLGQRGP5VM+'2.IYI



7A[/`1H9UG%5H&K:]SAU
MT(=FM6(-0?N]F-JB*72*[I
J2D&2_1VNR4&;H&.U`X=?7;
!0-R_F$(
[6:S

!-5QFF^QZ^A



UY3N;VA`UW5514*AEV
MQ5\6RLT3Z05X@-LDR\C5;P,.,IF(.5C2=?Q?AB%NN/;AU0^+C.I6W4L_(4!

HHN;@(-U@XG92_4XAKB

MG+_DC+X5'LG_+3_+E9J&G5_@PCZ:++$;H)Q2&O=,_JNWN]3B)_.HQ1/FN9E
M74J;G$6X'6VR8L=F=[?+*!/L5]46E+62`J$&D6$I%DJH[K'$6*1+W#MR?




]0N(K)ED6??OAX#:O@&%'51]/5CQ.IG8+^!9N



=(F
JB
M\KB$L%STN
3:+AJ+]^KJ5^/#

M-5).YT(H



$12=W!TC6@`DGW1319[!#


I5.Z/^V)
5'2V)G


MH_0._89LGK(W)._AE^HLQ=B:7X@G0R%$$

MDX0-5IE:QMCS=U+ZVU]\QD9KBI-]=!Q][K^I%B'8=^PTS8B.Q!=BJ\$[O)

TECLBFL6*UY
M_?=UUL!*G;4#R5RJ/8=A


MWQUW75M7
%Z2RF'CG!
F4$




M#M2@PQ-\
MBK$7FC#!&OI
&P9K:-+`*5A#/




M
G;5R)A.7





=\'OT


:N9U&9
ME)^R_*&$!4G6N
[V=873F;(U&D72]L\.+8P#R6J:


M`PTX\D;:'E@


D12

F12


1;IS^^^

I.*:6Q1!B


M!RQ

MF^?1/JFB]#V

!B7








4U
M.ND
H)NW+$A/:!EKP^!2G2.+45'13Q'I;=U:;(1$)G&0'5'*TILQ'0-M@^
M#.S3_0

M8\_J
P'

/0DI(NIF2)-DY
8)(M=)C:1A3/%^2!78:1I'5!-V1!

3@M[?U$KV


M=L2

MR(I*)%)XH`4XS


(:`B0P
+`)M4MF*)Q+[&+9E
M8-J*B+=P#1-2&70Z&T%OX@#BJ8680#S)6*:\4%=MLQ\_:T$UD@964/6)9BNH


M28I_U?0K[O\RG1*TPB.`3K3!4RA/2C0CUB`#MJK35Z\*J.C/^OHS!#2[)(
MK*1;$]A%G98DY


TA447.D``0^H4Z`(0:#3%J*QP:FO?

58E-QT&KI/HJREO=$
MIE-(9=:B:S8?:HC(9`/\=!IG

@[P;S!ZPO;@:.U6W







4O]3&SV!
M\-+`^@X`H!!F%^YLS6%6#9O1RD$.W^5/L
CP51U7F$KB@ZL0:@(
87GJH29T


MX#)?G:C)95;\=(CB4$?D#FZQW7D+]WFAZ00?R0ND-7$`JU`+



H*[F`-`L
MWP-=18657BLBVOMJ!@T_)7-_S*N_P6H9Y_L*QE.(N!TB89H'VJJU[E6*OL`
M`00'6($&)+]09Y!V@2Y2).P_:T3:\5H#.D=G:,'S'Y2KA9=NB[:Y.1RMFGK
MT3:^L2G


[Q;^^I1$Q5Z
CO[`OFE;L?


M@+([!


^UJECV+45MR@R]A`UA\
M0(_0HKUV=SCAW4ZP`@0MLNM[Q)A6P7.V$7UO(8%]Z54T1JAA?H^^GNZE@CO/
M!)M7]CS!PT%99!S@;[F/$&&+A9^RBU\._&BI(YQ1;;N;CWD%RS81I:FDVV9


960_.W


M=N;-&'+%[A%G
H]PCG3=KFB'2J\OU(JYP]XJY
AI'`A


MN206=[
Q73:.J[C[-+KUT?!?;

M


E?O2`5(MW(;/@U




@<B;B`9?O+5)Y](?L][MHN+0%^UEBY6A&_)=LLV23;*.
E0HS[5R42H^2GE(1V5^STR.G+-;2(T?TL-8CY$K#
M%.Q$$SXE);F_FU\M-(!Y;Y&NQDD@4/1R.RSOV@\.W0M5GV^LSM(DAN^C00\M
MGEDM9Q+/2/[:F/7:.$RPA=^D5%KL\^.1`8I^'J$@ZJ)(O_I3XN2@-(LLWGK


M8RR$W0[I9W\*;BJ+*


J^C(+F;
0-J64.8;G



M81%J#QRCX3-*P@(_D1

$N0F(J_%P*3GE2
M7

`#\D43^[S

?6H#D1&?1#^[LF$/P6EK!X@F7;
MO#-*R]

MT[YV7N7%15X_5)LZ;;OCSFCSR+!\%MM(L@!Q@6$F=R=N!H&H&17X
CR=M(VP

F4@!2V
_@
ML+(6-
/]94?F

A8L+*

M3#2[V%9_HEI[]Q);-BW,'-V2V543I71-#'2#SZ%D)DNL-3UF,B;9OTY@)D

M+



I`NA8BS^''P


M4E
_77NP.





MB_&GAUL80[C#TYY'^Z2*TCNXKHO)RA@9XQ!$/9IB*2KR`*LJI5W8D6XKNO%@

M%5$H`_T#\AX*J/'#$GY%(EY0_)OL1&KV74UD=(@.(+T!`U2KIMB^#)T#24C
M^O%DQ8(!'E-P%%@VXGN;'A!:3`3B
J
)$5$0@-9D7/!/LN
U6+M\\5JPR@Q
M(I.N[P
MW85`Z.;6%(



9$3#2M&F[TQL5%U\+:Q5I4`\`U=H(.D8G%16?5&Y9Z-#
M.U0Y//]O

EY]*
TI[J(QWT5)AK%:

Y!LD13


M;P'B&F)+ZB]U!L';/RP`+C0/7MQ!2
01_/;%=R\#QR/(.#Q(UA)1Q]H6NDJR








MTSP0V;R:WCPD1(?[F59*]0G;Q%B$2.D=+SBJNI)RNTEF3(+,Z*1]A_[/
MI^F(Y@ID)P,D!9H
TW8(L_IP#)6,35T9.5^@L(Y,%F1S-$*1CD5`9#-B

MA*-H(8]'$3LXI\17ROOG'K7MZ$E[_,H.PY7;AZDICA=*8-D0PM1TF@/IJ_




MG]F;0A:\`[=70/ONG(6]_@E?OT.Y

MM9F3XZ43:=.QA??F]-(YN`OUFHNAZL%60)T&A.C94RT(#'K;G9TQ-RS:+5
M7#L''SC/\RO5!U(PGL
:9;B(H@2X0[ANV1`2I

<7R<E^X




M
G&
/O[KN9&`)HK-LYB_/-DR%<RO(



I6.^(I




GCE'%



X^_1JTGP?7A@J6#7*T)4NU=SQ?U/`^O]SMT_P`_:D\C5G]E6711TKD



1\Z(]WFV':G\@!A4L
IC0I14GC\\\@@;!;^/R6[
M./XF.1$E!B3(B3U!/+8
CM_X.@\LJA*Q(_1_ACMN/EI4P3D
W-YM3)$6$@2






M)HE.5#F=G%`6I292F-BL;:`A:0X:`%#&H

*BFLK\2=OIYK

+9H_$_+0EBYY8-G_W'%0FC]TV\CFDQ^3*
YAD
MAG@*T4)


S$KP&=
QH=_9U05E28/7QE

M#K@E5K
)P!






M3^:Y`Z
_*5&[_K'0ENU_9^69;UCE2M*9$)

YK!Q1EUU4N()`)D!
%
0.YQ
M\HK
`MAI`)D'-!/-0:6.)E

H[SUZ0'.(J^!
M




5&2076;Q

K@LRW^R%4R2?T]/7

M/)-L!I

[^XJN+^K/


M`'S

NT#M8GI_(9\&%


W3&6:YHU

MVCHZ\BK)$


%6.^P


E:_09

MRZC/LEZX/*]'F@@+WI8;4)F[X9XCO6W.N=9ZO:CA%4)FN=DD:8*LSDGJE)].


4-%J@U2FN






_RO_RQ^7ES=_6?UA]?VGOT?+VU_^^S\^
M?LDNX



OU_NK__75;__[QN[K:E%?9]@_;37)]


$B2I&UMHQW299@1+[^O(+SE845_:APXBG
M.QH,#&SR*-;#4]M:)`CRUK1EF2$LSBHO+R75.KJ/@4I^BIT&S\.XEQOA&A]

Z0(21U'E)1`2]@

MY564RD1)'SM1'#$RB


`&#GB!KWQ(O'`PV@SR6!RXS9HSIF2S
MSU7K9\+)3A3Z!U@]YK%0(

I0

MG






M*I
8RQG5\S-BY

EPP2'R=?*O7$WG4GH\KJ`40DO(/WO



M1W:Y
9LC)Y3`FCSE$LX&\^U:!8O[5[4DX8^('0;
MPKQH!Q`GW:DMPSI5J(CN]E%2#!_9YR56EUD]*CDE+]Q)/*D<*Y?83R=-+0P
MGF`DS&4=2JH7O)L%*&`NW(MR*/%R)'G(=-I?KS*:OU:LX=_'K'Q\M
)[8M


MR[CLFV=PV:2
#%1U#JFX-80Q01'7E\56UVK3%HJ_@`_B2.-F9!

M668Q_@\.9'J*4BQ`\KO+F#K%:/[QPX15)3)
T!
H&RR[S

\=#U
M@S]<Y+LHR0S\R=#?:=('B




M3%@X[]%HGMR


[F_1`5XR(






!$+2?287D1#B


'43EZ

M(EZ1V.;R'?JP*J\S&GKWKFBN$;S70@+GU0

N0#-
MI`M`I\7QC71B_)OV/G;\
!Q(6XU.5[YJFXA](0(%^(L1Q0@(Q6E6-C5_3?JL
#+/U6$B(@\)?1[=+=@1H2/




M)IYU[H2F!]@4

M=#/:32W-$Z9YF*(P8VF6)X(82G







M[1N1=:-GZ0Z/#UJH&G@/UC\?(I2E(BPWF!1;B/3B*EG3]E!8Q2W&[X791D
M4S5Y

``0S\`6XO*0)2M




ELWDO_2/&162'

@B!/P4TB38*8`CDT^)M**#SQI


H&+@
!1/LFH7


W509@



M;H_L..P]/-TD%/6TO6MRDS^ZX5RUL0`-?]/AO3N(F:*W4J[58D*D`&D?[_(\
M_IRD:8]G^[S`XUG[]0(PW

#@EN2_'7P.);L?5-Y'V2P=6&-D2YBK`KKSI\
MB+XDNWIWEA=%_CG)MLAF17^I#E,H=Z/Y_=]83-`3:'L,`BN*ILM.P7;C00.





``!@[Y:J$$ETY#*3AJJF)`JK$T9C


MGK0)%;H]Y=TZPIU

5:#Y3O
^$*43-9]B@

M$%6183X
'CVG)OZ@J@M_C?915BS`\CJ+X2Y+-LF:MIG;%I`8HR5CRDZAFLV1

*]._JDR..^RP&9YS&TC5TA1[UK%_W!K-]A%5?L^(ZNT@*
MN*YHK;PDV])OENMUO:MQKF'

MK@:4:!:)`/D9ICB.(M0
O*#7)VLQ
9?K8Q*ZW*$^YA5L`W&/9JF+`AMC6?P1
MK9[^8PK1-L3`NP_(##^!3!

KF.+/
Q+'
M4ZYK2.

M40+5#9!A)ZW@J&09+5'
K=C!^W6W*:-Z2%O15HUD``A'4C%B^S`I0I<ZUM'O



/EF6
MD[\!B]\9M@1]8C;&B@7E$@*A&9.SOTGS1VQ_)S5


$4ZDMR=J-
QJ#_^`:U[:14Y&.GO


\1
M):
O83J;@

&RQHG\SU]A6:%S

I_'PG^YD(/\!S62`SO9
-Z18*D?9B`*N!*GVH5I#::1-

`#HR


&APJT\LAPJ

M#NCX5\D.V(I
C*8I)`4).IB@![IH\EPH7%Q:LKUO(=A-I+7JYA7$#G&7M(%Q
MXDA[%]NZ:?










M`W2H;&L;7&?K@K19A/2_U]D=3#=HJ]8%?AEMGDRG$'S-F8
\R^KA)A#O=C!X
MT0Y_B:/J
`30@6B?X`-'C9BQGY54`Q+91XT
FLN_AV4)(:ZHCXX#-J=AA91`

)HM

MR;W)EK9MS*J;IKXDCHQ*2!^IJ3W)NG







MA#(&C%G(-AC3HXJY9=K)Z]8M(6]HU2I('F]N6@B)7+/D=9.FR^\J3).E::
M=

%B!@


M/UY7ZVX!ND''YUP(R3)C



%57Z


MF@R1Z21J.('OPW
PNT!HVM2BN4@(ER6L1)PNRL'P:DVZZVQ?5R6QY]Y.)PVR




M1=Q0AY

/8PNQ]_=%DK^/BR3P;D$)$1('8


(:+&0'PD/D(



M]L9Y]2DK]W=;!(87^2XI,DD-I%P,M_W=A$B@?E`C`CP$]T3'BON9*)`\M*


%LKK?(R(ZN6W

F#O!G\JN&^$B(`EVZCP']

1)R$E6P[BIHIUGY73BHS.M;PVD1DED2=.1




M/#]6'




YD3-MZ.P3KM=68MK:6A_SI;O\XBT
MO.4=
#^Q/;G*;
QG/#Q'-GA@JM02+LJ([/)U1A#1`86O2O91@L).8O*9.TO

]R.!`


MPB^(%&.-6







A@(Q_





%M8Y]$^J:+T/8Q*4V/L9*BOYTD1`J(0?H9(-_-80.)
M:,[RF+NV:ZRRCW$0X2WBZ14?E9D?GTLR$8;ZET=%5&&_FZXFX;C/#LM!I.+


X6EB




4=%RPWBI!=CP'=2(^KF*^L^4_&ZNK8^PHM7(</&U,[C)TB?

8;U`2JYUNW`6JO8P@M7K
`Q`@8#F69\%
QLIL^`R*WNF-`MPN3=$

M`.GNAT?-1*!TN#1X=5&1((`J4.'$?0DSX
M7P1BGO?Q#O84W^6=8W#]W`G

A]/DK141^CWY_G[Y-=4L&X_\Q\5X\PFU\5X(ZP2%\PD$$_!@Q@
M@P8X.


M@?^#?1Q/48K+

``FHN%8L7KHZ!O
M0\+Y+V%CC*
@4O^(NPO*U4B3O?\H#':IJG
693^3UICFAL#12+_JXVAVT;F/



)VI-*=8X*DN_()04^
M.MUM[G/0#`1DY&R
`4VN9JS
D1(L9)`R]EBYQ*AT]?$:

M+1EHOM5%$'S7)^.C(:I4UGT-FL_G(R8*E@QJ;$D6':*2F1@=;DTS#28\7P8X
M9QWM2'%U^WP_












M9U3X=@HFN1BZ[]&U]!X6N^OL985J0`6?4EV]6ZU^0BK95EF_H%^D#]/F%K
MXR4L?HLC'!`$T(


M82YJ]44_;*(K!G.`?I(F/:^=9M`
;`!@'CMB`C$;M(X:F2L!&@B.NP)NFS$]
MP8J.!8L3V#






J1$6QTW

4_AV7:J1X


C7
^&ZE!/#

M`^//\7-1/V`N(J%BR3#85++L($\_
HSX\;^$$[F*$\^:%0X]%?=%DMKGY'*'
M^[T-\E`0M5/$GP)I)FX(*9#Q8-#

MHPK&]&TUL2@\(0#@]7F%CX-@XS4?@^[KN8B!G!6L($C6Z_W)1(P+;_]I$?_9

-


)MM'\<J9[!G
M`_
4`]&-D7P(Z)?S8;V8_(-K!G^5`0Q



M11\=XWCHB$K$8&_!NWG\SFL%2PY*4L@6'20%G%=(35(11


M[A^3HGWA

_



M9K'W1#0?1K=SUA;BILE#A)]/D+T24OE9D=GM5OB?=;+^V2YDXV2H=W?0$0(B




MY\%]

(:X]1:=$T
MSG$BOS%33KB*HJ<H4'!.^M(W@T$/MPV?0J#[/Z\*T$&?AZ.(S#2!IW:OL/
MKW+&F1MHI181&BE!@ZTJ)F-1=)^W%@C(_:OW13RVI'_5.0G!]`[AZC[$M


MJ5^5HI5'*B/M

M^V

M8]+1X#X'@_$``0`MA!E=D\Q8.KA`&=`IR#XW0)![I6TX69EQ\NOEHKWBN('%
M)B]V$5K(&5)&\37Z(:N2)_.7`!4DW]%;GQ$1WD_I!AH!LWEW-=CV.#XT:#
M%%JC3PXA[]1CSZBICD%M?T/H^R


2.JV/5H/U]OOK#-_A!^(F/D5#YB=]^-\/
'Q53

M`MM\R`I


M?Y&4ZS0OZZ+?^JRIP&]MH1X;O

ME0E^[Q

H87@F!Y
MC(3AJD:(P;*]EN!8J;M]7K5_3Z!P.UFWI/L


M4&-H4'VM@1__24&3(GXU[0W

M7?'G6FVCT-JG1KZ%]&I.HFY6F[[T&38\\=UBM6EZS2#S@FHBC.0;CD!8@`K\
M#&2!
8_KUC0

*=^[#@3F'O]8&H:.*(







SH

+N0E-L
7\+TZC_GR$V(D;W\#J'P=\Z&8`

MKPW&&/.O#98T]

MA'Y3U#!^GT0/24HL6ILBMFY@PYH2CLAS8^#&(+-OXT.CY8E+:YC0AH8&BEPM

MP9/'/T
JS=(YJ[RBF0`)VU_5!%-KA^VS:S3Q
%=K(A.;F(^KA`<P`!:@`X40+=1T`(##;0P/+9<.LMB)^IYN6JW&-[!
M+=8WMW/#D#CMM!T

G0CD




F+$VD]:Z\NR/)35L!UOLV27V&

MA4GN/2U4@



CYBZTQ!&V!
M%/TZK6


M?S0IX]E1EKW/H?216.&
9GAT\EKFQ*'P9PEA9VD1!YHMV@:MR:HM/9(F;B
M

M!*2#_DP%1)


M$3B9%U.#%[O5?@/P1X%N2T*:8];S5^+]!;WSAE]N-I`\?W010K=11:P3I&;P
M(PF23/
WAPXJ8.*M

MLLN+';S\@AV!P@ANX3OD@E42@CC


QQ]T\$I

M51Q!WN3\2=SE9!1XT8Y_B6/E



M9TJZ4#%Q5TF65!`C$A\'DYB;&A38*P+M--YFSD%PVF20FQB&U/3MF

$*[1ISE/WF?1QK_%61ZIXNK6I9=W3]IX
MV.FE+`31N0OAD5VR8O^OHTV+HG*U81O-*ELUD7!N/.(5N@WN`!X36$&)EL)_



UI;:)V2IV8JA:B9T1S&5V)!

VUIZ12J
M0E,XN^(VI([H/<T*71_ES49&HKP%3JF+VT$Z*B@US8=GAT%M(B7'L+'/*PM
MW'A%R=8=V

7PS
MI9;?`K6V
O-GGQJD0C0NMF_CIX

MSGOTG?L3X0:CROF\:2JD$W\3;D=1ZMC\
RNT5X/IE.W&D?H;+GZL#;B+X/

70!F=-B+K&)I

MR.Y^5DZS




M#@H


B4:+UE4=I3CD
M2=P*U-T*/6VUU\0E50CCWD9ED.98HAWB@


M





X!F%MR$MYL'
M]!
M0#\5]?







!&=JZ![DYQIYERXR=1W70

M




X@LT+Y%I#@/I8&`
M57(/8]%FXSX0


RU)*1/

MOH*UT(+?PHS6+M3W9L2;;61TTQMQQ
#H!F)HY6].`QZK;2GIF=\UO
\O=_LT






^
\TJ8

M
X3O&LGS19+6%7X\
`V8XM6J(T)*FG`SCJKPX@D\A@I^KZKB2Z+K`87D#Z
MW^NLS[+$*DU2MH!\#UZT(U_B.O1





M#.@4.)KV(ZPT(BMYD;--ZPBFJ%C[WLMG8S!GGFS%_$VFII'G6**^[$LC7/A-


X[/#IQ)7
M+*/IZ-@7O*Z2)^G%'6\U\N;2PL!&SPL


W8^;:IU*\)/X#LXH$OB-!L.I]S-
8%F6;;M7$*MWD!7$&5E61


[A



MQSXP2'
A&S_8P5P4.CCT@MEZ#@\S9KW.TN7



ZV@:

M7#BYL9/.T5UF*ZX@U
$&#7#002?7?PP?
!


I^QHY'O:V-OR9^UM`&$F\)JKT[7.I
:L3@EB+8=53OZC2J8'P!
MD?&V3N2E#H;Y#HMAP@-MQA(O``
5L&##:F$K2O!8ZT!2_X%\U`['.3:Z#R^B






M
_3CNFDI;?)\AN`

ZUVHZK76!HUW.#0Y
M_L+*Q<UGH/DN<'36$&GN!9&W+K\W]Z8GA*!RE_`PI:.D-=`VZ32=7%//PU*

@




MQ3=H
H161)N
-)WUHO0._8;ZMPUJ:[#S+
!@)K*[V;GP=:Z;#?33S;1.\]@D

$(Q(A-\WIXN-QM(_)'='0Y'@2$K%9$R26D0_06,:0:4\`[<06'=
M@Q@0&$+74U:6*$EP6SE/);;T
ZW;NA0TPS]Z/DWXSQ-T:*D+U^BR`V/]ZZ'



MBA^/[QXAQ$?J
HY)PDF4FEP_6)UJ8ZHVGK\.J05HT`($+UH#NL/LZ%8SUUK`


MY^X\)P
`
R)P!5O^



M%4WXCS'6Q/6L8`;1KMJU_)DQNL90J-)/PM5QSU@E-7R'=.)(M#/L5
&Q:C`K
M:50R+MBVI7?10_])\[2__!P5





/#R=2!N3UI3LIP]\





R!/*'_NH
ST:H/K
M2Z-3&![A)W?4D@L74W8;AVZ1RML$$H^/H12HP;*E#E==JGGFZL#==X

*D@L
M
^('H+=&H??ER'

M!6IFM2CR/;

H

MX]J/N*0@4QMRQNDIRB4+PKQTZ.3;`L\+F&PS&M2Q'L3YHYLY^6=*HSXU7T
;


MA


M/E-W;M:YOH(%RP/IY&0*T
@`61N-0FKM6%5#`UQ4OQFRZ%DWH\KKPI5Q;Z9R
M
GAN;




3)![(4
M*'29(9`6767R)ARPA4;N
DV_V19@6&X:KY_'6TLB^G1ED$P[I$8DG;?))X!^
M$]I/P:#+(_C):FP?3)LB2%=H



+0XE(K(/(%A\RN^A!E

L\=FU%F?AXAHIYL-M-
!XF-L)P3]C$==@VA5#)S1

E_+8/[;O57S'WM
Z27UXOL
M


4U`*!/Z6/3N%CAL6

M_S]02P

3(Q
M
C
Q7W!R92YX;6Q55`D``R!44U$@5%-1=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``[;U[D^
V

G'@2DNF0!DD
MJUO^]!?@0R+%%YX$J


MS(1^^D^([


WZ



<<GK`VLAIUZM\V'A5W'
_@2^4_@M*4(P3@?F-#:+5
MHAS`[W2%.GK.444WCP[7](URS_XA,29F*WI55(GR]6L$\^C`U0

8AR@

Q



95(HD+=S0(.2/D?_*)H/
MW26]WM/.9Y1N'F#$CDJ+(,BV6?[C%=Q1SZ%P0L4GITS,Q)ANI*2+&!4$*8L

M67Y6XX

M-P1GT&4,7\HV^[R6`R[*FAI0NZPG
NZ


ME4'-5F#*K(ZK

_4ZXR;3Q/M][TL3SIRM/(]M1K
M4?KTZY&K9Q/OB[U<C_QM7,_/1K5?<$-*[:JSC(6(1L@<-KG*)T?XM7,=GF
M87H^C@='.*S0'8$)_5#^VSO*4X-;^6%.(1AQ2\;5ZZ282582C&*@P:1B!5[
MC$E%(P+/

.5%







MPM\]&09]SVRM('^P&B#9T*

M4SJ)0WK9
+I\\

M:\
/



M#2=\U?E=

6'O

(^@JG'
M*


MS**%*XKM=%2/,\=YRV?(21L+[\N5=9W][@;5@7&:M9'`-J65]2G?!H.*#+
M&4/6ZZ-DYBEFW3\

MM0F8E5T/L7FLO`&P=)RLI028/R0QO^RZR
QAF^N$Q];!^3)+TGA+#_#EXTB#






PUN*







M2\[B=3SUIW9Q`J)W)
YV!W^]T\LJ7W^84#0)+JRF8DAJD`S8&NJ=:+53IEOK
2E.[.&T%R%19




/&:O0N5RUBL`;6Y)B
M#+C]YD


5V@OU4&W@'PAS2QIQM-3X%^N8?\
M88C8M$%T#U!XBR_!#J4@




M

M-N\'N
M(L&'[2

MF+9-6;!/J(.$1L_`U^RS6;-/CS[JJ](W[9.
!QA!NG=_W
6Z^ICPCNA*BD&G

M'NSS=P9/\2+X/4
$'I-RCVWO^LV^)OLAS


=4?



MF978HGB'=#RRS0^-?$*]GKI/7TN;.U%E'6]ZI]B*2NZH06=Q3^(71%W2B_W'
M!(:WN&
RW47CC)Q$E!BRL@.K:((B_CJ:1@GIS2+\+4O2
.!G:SGF)<&RC4R*:9[.,+4N;[^PAY]&`G=B;)PKKN!LCD
M7^;);QA?70Z3
;&+ICVI)\9(FHA:=EV5NT-GF.[O(U!4PM@Q=$Q8!D[*UH('
MQDT+_02K_:F=]/.A[CY=-
*.PW
;F*L^=TE46+(
].-Y4=UT_O?)5B&.:I

XJD;WVYQIO3



M.;PGD)X50H.1_E&:EKQTC6(^!=%&C+Z?NRI0
F

KN/
MZ5*%*6K:C!.=U;H7P%(BFZ)'XH(E2'8%;\L5JUU

M--

M%P!_NH+/QGW)`YTY1NJ[`=.2QB$EP



3B@K




M1


6..'SA.RQ!8U



;3^4+)X&(=)#B3=3H
FGS[.SVU^QJOG5CW$
AF5#R(



0`
MP43%TQ

]$X9GW4QHEM\E*W973$/

V13
M3&C4(+V97(\-8S;S


@?+.U@N.U@<
MQL6$8O&0=4;%!ATE+@!G'L02S[Z^BP%.V`#)$P$A7.!PF6X@.5:OT^0;J='Q


6$.=[@*MP@(5
M'MKJ(4B[H


CA^+X

M.!^_/D

BFF-H07HS;H
8W86L16IYRG'





MCPN3F=[[&;`H)A1JB)S3U0.X\-(8^K'MYDCE1C]N8I(^0;*]`/A37@A*C\LC


M.G^#I=J-

[I

5TC72P!E4OX]Y#EZ2+HTT#^/=&%W






_$^IQR!EQX%+L$




4O

-=\ST2E=KNIB:*/VYVC5ZA7'7TLSXW]VOM_WO]SVO]3
SM&
@6KV*R!44B
M62

;S

(`H[W)NSL;S$9Z%J#DQ+$7]%UNBOL7LHC0F

0EM][0#[!-*_T`8.

M!/6_F%NY4GS


VQXU)R:5
MT)0#99+77-5);KFJ)2`R'W)[#,(;N=+B(CR+-<J)825I'=$OV<#)\09I`?\

6RI1T'JA*BI8@1V\@)W-]G.[;W'NDMIIT?+3=#@V*
M0UG)7$/L2$KHUX!@NO$G]Y#D+MT$LAXCZ?#.RXU:)5;U1K9TP]<LUD\P%U
M.`
.FLX[7(1GL?=R8EC)6D=424[8'Q.X7%TG*=K2:1EY/7Q80[[[DHU8
2
M2P\/\#/M??F),;TQP#6[A$F6)O/




QZ/6.T9R?@/GA[Y9[[:IT.T4
M5XTOV#/\[2[&+RY7!UVFNLO+

.7D`
5ZA@S^P=G@([CLAPT%U6@EN7@5)4

.$`1*JIA3J@I$OS
XVRE!KFVJI5BSL:!9\KD3S&K
MJ;E/AK1AV._@&

5;F



.:NR3^](G.V26QQ$64@18S=*
M
4NWR6!XC(SKN;#41M+W13M+UTNW2OK6:8YLJ-Y!\P[:/!PT(1-4Q.`/7%V`





M47H7)PE

X'UX_

MLOY.%6I
;O$5?$X/O9_8P*Q@4;I_A$%&\H=W](^7D*1TK;+X!JL;D+_.T^=&




M:WRE0I=V:N\[^-]'Q=]GW82T0W*(6L65=X:G&F3
WB9\





5

M=.'6;




^9MLM(/MX=9VD
M:

MLDSE%YUD_5GS#


F.<=@*+\6^?(T
M+FQ7/J/&9]2XF%%SF1$B=V%W^DWK)X)A-Z4U4=N1[9*A&TC9`!$UX==?6&H#

(^@YLYHMR'=`L*Z:8V[4%)*+&YNB



51DW
%PZPHPF[5DSUE

M@_B?^=[C3@-
;*]Q6K^QZ2HK1HZT9@4$\[ONR&06M%9;NF:;ED[C4@F!6B
MJYBZ``D*S%4U&2)GR3WMU[W&_C.$DY:*



M:GS-5EYA-[;-&777&7?*?!D_3K6V(/I#];OR4*]V13=HJ_L;L;%6MU:6+W








M+(L^4.TXI%+
3JK[_3I@HQ'(28T0]C8E2T\;?LAU_!@86J&S!\^H/C9[MK%9


!.`%%


MDS`/

M

LZGH8V\?%



D1
MCQA*.!HBZ(@<!KWF$<ALM8^LLU5_2/0+2C?+=$,=^VHEEN#O:T#6V@N0561
M(U=



M


M9N9AGPCYF20F&J)[#BDC/[ZWV.XP:F*&!]OKUOZWU;[]MZW];[MK9%X'U;



MM



M?$H6+S]\_/T_?WFW_NFWFQ\^_?+IU1__]YO+QX?OOG/#U_8'!Z6#PR((X@RG
&-"[3'&%:J6-S!PKQ[-CWOTJ)@=59?^H=#4/
M)`


M7%%&\F)?=NGINILU=-;4PYCK3K





M

ML9DF@#V4YB6X$Y2TU#12%)RQ_+

1KWP:$SO
M$)+73Q!%





&O.0=<;]^[%7.`IW@%?9)1!A-<L_)G3$;[][1O!ZA69


`)A---
M:$[+;`2RDW.&W#$C2^-M_(QZ*B!K.DJTB





QTU



M=9:D;^01[QG`WJ;7BWK?5#7VN!##_A'NTIR'U_+P]X]A;5
=$

ZTUCQB.I^FXN:M
M

-[;=?77;3SW?


@!'U[NG;N
M2^YBO&:I=

M]0W
`
8A'2Y<:G<WXI;_,HY8&2X.MH

M=[
N&'6(8+B&#VB]D;`M'5^V]*Z\2UORF$/']*SED-\!''Y
9
'N^K:UX@A]



$N_EIQ=4IXY)O)=GR%B+=O1E^`F):SBC

M2;D#FH@`C!-UY\!V-U0DD@






MT/AQI(E.$W@YW
L!/^)D!P.T0C#L.HMJPKZ7F*VH))?Z-231CU?M1.'(7BIS



M$&0S@;8JD=AL&OZML

P=9$;8?^F^Q^

MW0R^6'D7/C:?7[;Y
7A#V4_




^@2#(Z(+D$.\3NZ-@?CF^VA!2M

FE!H/
ML68D;TW:MB.\TNM6.4=OC.S@H&5*&*?][B(

MURS.7;.H:1O__8J4.&K$]T\$X`3D-3:3BWW]+Z:N7`2H.Y]')(*DCE;C5XC`
7-X\
MM5\[TS,4*\&@[,D/C^.*4])Y-3T@;[;:MFV!VWNC'@QG83<6`^=<AM!:/H;

M_Q5G%PB+AP-.OSK+\W]K_K:R5N]0]KBAW/R4(7%1M+YKVX.4E$8;`WMQ
Y3]
ME`$941R_-ELIU&:N

M

@*P7



MC+0DOOE8X)QB@1(N5GOI6H@'/H(()O'J71R'R3-
/T.(^P*!
F'`?/AE
?Q%

MI/`+(5UJ[^/:1Q\6A8?4DM[Z)[PT-6_A2D3M(G19SST4B;2IK/D?`%]+FV


M.G;+3D-1D8EON0_M$6L'VT604IN?[A6[(':




.N(^S65

MO:QBZOGFP




M\0]V_(

]V!'-7O_8(&Z4MN





TE#VSRWY!:6;*[2B'$%J2I);_`!W
6';^C;.

M

MMM=UOLW9U@XJ[OA*0Z(;@JFOSY3;B_RNE37R5LJ]6R0)3`_99J\$UO/I-]W1
MA
Z@1FNB^E:LH$-=]GR7!KYG`%O*VS.1W._MF:I&Z7-)4@VU)-A_V&/5%Y`
MQ%SQ17H)-E3S\;8K2X?84O.Y8`D!8'3TO-&2K+Y$Z



M(D1]3R

&N[\%78T
SM9

2@(F3)H&FKY+((@





8+)

EBN+/[&QP$Y
/







.C_+5RC*4C/I5^)

M9W#*_')%3W32$4.N







==[`=T3F`QFN+`[7<+QG#7573)PMJTPC#
M:TP^TU`^JU\E
_BP0%AYC0M`)\Q\=NK7Y[(P$DWHIG3^ZM`'L8V=YG(#\)HY



7%AD



M:-P+EQD*6F_







HB.
ZA]45RL



/
_?RVIET

?M`59CW








M]J%DZR7;(XA8IY0T(SCIN\T;CJUU#^,=]4IC;Y9Z[IYDUI`B_`%DA0EUNX
M_L*B?48ND3JHN'.0&5PZ7?A8+_3_'I!/

M5$VC$_?9@%ZOCB$1AE%J4M)FYO77@_OK(^X2





MW


#8:T9=LO]B;MY!`Y

V4(JBN(?Q+L^4WF7/$0J6J\L-]1SO

DN6J;



M;:%
^3(XMSAO\




B

MN#!T&$2L/O4'X*UBR`@F:&ZO8(LS$('A''56#S/J(8K*4GRL)9*8*!:GL6


4?)]T]3NI6
M2:%3IYR
\!!*;'Q:0
7:P)S6L()=!U?MGL0/M$-AE?7


ML5KEN1AP@4/ZL3#+




I(&3;QZKEDV;

ACGT;)]J='PYKS/<4;6HGO$Z

V5W#VK5(L]34
MEOY]/O^V#1\.4!Z_Y$ZLJ65BZU.S5H[\)P#)
(/PP6PJFP!U5TQR*[;4E\HXAJ:M95[QRKH/
MI_OW,-W$M</`\C.FHV_0[MB7Q83@^8F[<3\R*'4!)/6U%1:_S\V-/T?+=<
M'?6PRKE=KH;3W,?O=05'=R1HUBE7*;2L'?\DN#U-,#,BW;.2K]YD<^MW7!(M
M:,K`9'*,382=UA#H_A7\6=Y1\6A.!

^5`*#/ZWC



&()(7(;G8YS8U?Z1C[!UD+S%W


'N


MR&^_[B#R%:3S#0J43*AQ8_Q91!J;B




?Y:I+
IQ2S=5+:^'TBQRHOI0DC^R


M!GTD


]@4LYC]IR@$`&R;_O9PT?(YA==
B&H/^+1]^ENMKFA;FJ=<6$O#QY(N\5A[
[HP3<0F71N(F)KGJ&9'G
M*8T9F
\V+K62'AI

MF8V_2/


$L'K&W:$RF/]CW#-_F)\)QXA/1MC.@:AGGK_
MY97
::D


MS


M)%IG/J_`_T#YO$%?8C\P*QO!M[3I_F


24#KJ1$M!:+8W!
MQV_UF






(0Y9;'A)*)LC`+ITL85]OI
WP
7\91


M-'2E


IWDSXO


H@U
+MT;4G0)B
ISF'Y\H!G-0N//6F[S3O&%&D^QW<_B[10PVMLJ&P/#V%7O-Y!(7-B:#O/
MKM@NZ%'[-QBD3_$A,'4\]3W-(T*+Q^2;;+8L@9\E^8N;Q0YFH5RJ*)^KIET
M4H74C^E

O&.
M/-2Y%&U:VC^((YY8NW_IP+RMYDW4_#]SA;;;1QMF./JUTA;V/33+^3/Z8N
M=XTJW(;.I4TJUHR3&.I=^)S8'`TF1[RGZ]`P5FX6^6`=GOYI6%SR8!X!_`%L

ZINGE





SD&Y#(JJ


MC6[N^A7)'+-S4#.#HJJ4T%+XWMC





SO<4!8?U=KF#QWUO\*



M/F

M2S=;U;X-#^3XZ6



)?D[
'8??X6275S^




M![/:K9B29.ZSYP@%-U$

M4H91JMV;R%F88OB?XRBC$)#]#8KHB5
7^J?#SD_G6\#4+T

M1)N):0XZ0S_P!)5Z-5
UF_X+C*+_P/%G_`A!$F
8YKVO!AI$BP'?-_P

$%```

3(Q
C
Q+GAS9%54

MI




M7%T..?$E-8L8TNY
N\81-J`_PJV2A^R]-&ZQGY:$C4$\XF\5O_!/M3K=5H6/

(Q!0#&
(9Q

'FS]RT%(1HC
M&.Q5(`V2LK]J7X?M[






M7/MP$[;LR

Y[R)NHWUT=*^MO:CZ\




MBXX(1L=@:AROX]';]VX)PCZ:@]`;^'Z4X@3AB7=+)XQ/G6FGQ`RPJ`.CHS
T


MB2T7EN?=@PR1..&Q+(2]JS1)Z5+](L5!3!L
'@`*F39K742D-02A)(3L$*M'

!:KG[/)Y=R!QC#I<#)Q#'KRKY[S`



MWZ$GQ`&Z=





M')YEYG21P'ZZX/]:K`*F:*?1@4)\HR9I_@6K*I!UY_U0/*P[I^=FUJHZO&=.
M=BPJOORYWJEH?+[!^R'KVZ%CBDZ-72I^T$P=(8BQEL.MQ
(A(2(AA\+`'1`B


A4_J%V_0_&
AW9?4(Z
FSZ5?(AT-@-D
M$8W/XP3-F`GY'



Q
MJ+VGU`@.H1J$%!`9+2V$N$JCBGP.K\9XJ0#3KROTZ1T.$#T@W&I%XTQP5&Y4
M3V@F`WV&C.I:ZSQBH1(BPPQ^A/OL%+!G#;PEI]SJPQ#-ZD&JD&2$#1*$R;@
M)HS/X=PPNV.RCO:M#?-5#[25=N4.$U0\.K4L0+?96EN0NBG$+0*X3S\1CR
M&ZE*S*G#0HTAA&G)TN[3ZG?LLP&DFN
S7O3#1TANF2B4TIRJD-HE:(7WI(F


M;

M.




MOLE%NFXLK
,TY',)X&`=6_DHV+9/[<+V6#R0UFR\+GDR3I+&OF?




M_/L7?YX^_8H/3X+GXX?)KPO\^2Q]?']
3HY_['WY?+^(P^
'_[D3?DI.[FY^



^@]?'LSEN?P+1_:\?[L#XZ?CKN]OW$S2X
MO0I1.NL]?WM8#-K]\.)#]/XQ^`H'D^[DXV4X^NVGZ6_/H^$]&MU]Z0]'X*GS
M_

M?O:OEVGWX0M

][/:(DFE^AGO@^^DLY?\\




_EIDL;6FVF1TTL:'Y0!`R*KA0A@J*)`W'32=AH
M%NIB`R=BV7-I/6TW_4RG'Y.?X6I3TE1G^QJ40:^9BJQARV2AZ8`U`=9DE6GV


_@'#&P75%&[\'C(UQU.^;=#M\$]]UY?+D6ZBK\`(C^!
&5I

D*`;Y^;Y^[WBC)0O)YM0UVQ1S$!G=-
3XW%Z'.A;@*Y,LFCXKF9((&R[S<D7/K%5J
DNU2FA$*K'6K;Z];70N1L
MI\


?64+36JEF&-7].8-6#41WI]7Z?O@];K]E/\
MLSGB#)?/


QO@(





B:UJL%KLJCW9Q*&/!6*95UB*FN
C.+J!LR**.
MG3%=O]7RDQFII/AIE,V2-WL^@0%*MN)2)+?]5JI.BB@C17PEQ#B$D`7^CV[
M`&Q`KZ$673KI-_GMZ+SK&77(IM2A+V^\MDP.6S`@G[[\.%Y^&QSEBK^6'W&^




7)X7B\(Z!BC_HCU:X)&
MK#032'&0B:FI^OO8_XRR



0H=\Q9$)7^ARU.
(./%ZA\LGQO;`
M^08






IT3L0




MC-22IN(E%X%0R\+B&C8-259F4W+:K$)PA23%PH8=Y

I8Z3LZ0V&:6+8*:4ZU<ITHZ:ZV$O?2!Q&]L%4WA(]I=J
M,:-4M[[@1R@KIR9MJRMO0*8)GO?LD*C];*K(-&%S4):AN8C((`RCQRRK-B)G
M43I*QFG(!4E]I?4OV2B-'7C
()EJT[HHFL'102DW&P_J9:!O9D])HL/:6
M%!NRD4T=J68C-3LF6SD



MCRNL:-:)N)!=V`(0@^JE3:NT`P+)S`TP+*NQ)-H`5'!:FKQ/:#7`#](?5=C$



%O0?)1#*CO!24+'2UH.)
MY5Q4/X3(7L
2F0([N%LN(EF8WEZSLE2VNH)*V^SY+MY]+;P`;VTO3I9
(:
M7^=K]4465A6)44#96&?G:

MI?B#;&WR[+23T]HRVI#9U'?\+Y!U\NPTN;)F![S;O*'\D-EPR
'KKP499!H6
M1273\*DH)9NFOR2;@7LEHWT8XP.'W?%^+3H60E;E5?'[XT;6(1AO


OT&Q[

M7I(O)\8&1)YEF
X52WGH?2FCH1#V/I-F0,WA`51*P9:3EO-X$VLU3'LCFXS
MC7CI6U[31Z'/GFZ]^E;EW#JC;E8+/!F!

1=:7%C9;IDW6!Y9K/J3\;K+?


@\J5(NZN/Z8?/0C?T6CY*DM4T5#J$PXJZ'$/UD3/A89
M#B+O*Z:P@VM1J2*CU&SJ4JUM\H$#@CY]`5)N:'X=NLAC(1*S6DU&N5:$MC8
MLFSNL&C3WFSRJOF[7L7/J8TEXOZ)RMBAI!C[B9ZB9VPDDDAL1.CXW^ZYJ#!'




MN!1N0&I#=)Q(


M9G_WRQ4#



M4Q3Q[C$L[D=@P@S47





Y
MWKW`%
3L9


L6TJIS0N/TQ;

]$A7[4X+.GDJB*I
M3^4JZ7X`1?0@Z
RQ=:M_IUS5.3C`9U88)U\L\#%.%=4.MU8=]6%/OQM?#Q;-
M

MTH_2K(@RRK02

4&

B8C;.*BJ4H;_.[+
:/X!J+EJGI

39&'BOZ

M
#$R
3(S
&UL550%``,@5%-1=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``4$L!`AX#
M%`````@`5()[0N-X&DI_?0``WH(*`!@`&````````0```*2!A1,`&YY<V5A
M9'DM
C`Q
C$R
S%?9&5F+GAM;%54!0`#(%13475XP`!!4.```$.0$``%!+


3(Q
C




#$R
3(S

@5%-1=7@+``$$)0X`


C`Q
C$R

@5%-1=7@+``$$)0X`

`
end








begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y

S(U7S0Q-#9?.6$Y85\W.#`T
M
S-C86)A




M-#@W-&)?.#
R-5\T
30V7SEA.6%?-S@P-#
S8V%B83





M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


M7T)A;&%N8V5?4VAE971S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U



M7U-T871E;65N='-?;V9?26YC/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*



M=&5D7U-T871E;65N='-?;V9?0V%S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H




M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^

M8VEP86Q?06-C;W5N=&EN9U]0;VQI8VEE/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R




M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^-%]#

\+W@Z3F%M93X-











M(#QX.DYA;64^




M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^
31?26YV
M97-T;65N=%]I;E]-=71U86Q?1G5N9'-?/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R




M971S+U-H965T



M971S+U-H965T




O4VAE970R
RYH=&UL
&-E;%=O<FMS


#I.86UE/C(Q7T%C8W)U
M961?17AP96YS97



M3F%M93XR







O4VAE970S
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E
M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^
S!?4VAA



M965T
S
N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z



O4VAE970S-2YH





O4VAE970S









M

M=%]486)L97



M93XQ






O4VAE970T-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC96Q7


M-#4N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC




M(#QX.DYA;64^

\+W@Z3F%M93X-


M:U]




M/'@Z3F%M93XR-E]#87!I=&%L7TQE87-E7T]B;&EG871I;VYS7U0\+W@Z3F%M






M=&EO;E]A;F1?3F%T=7)E7V]F7T\Q/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H










M


T0B5V]R

M7V]F


M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7









T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


3PO
#I.86UE/CE?3F]T97-?
M4F5C96EV86)L95].971?1&5T86EL/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H




M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^.5].;W1E

#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$

O4VAE970W

M7U1R861E7U)E8V5I=F%B;&5S7TYE=%]$971A:3$\+W@Z3F%M93X-B`@(`\





M93XQ





M3F%M93XQ


&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX


O4VAE970W.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@
#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE


M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^
39?4')O



O4VAE970X




M968]


M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^
C!?4VAO




O4VAE970Y


O4VAE970Y



O4VAE970Y



O4VAE970Y




M3F%M93XR-5]






M(#QX.DYA;64^
C9?0V%P:71A;%]







T0B5V]R



3`Q+FAT



O4VAE970Q



O4VAE970Q

M+U-H965T


M9%]#;VUP96YS871I;VY?1&5T




T0B5V]R
#I.86UE/C
P7U-H






M



M
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F

O4VAE970Q



M='
O4VAE970Q

M='

#I0<F]T96-T4W1R=6-T
3X-B`@(#QP/E1H:7




S(U7S0Q-#9?.6$Y85\W
M.#`T
S-C86)A

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O




3(@36]N=&AS($5N



S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`Q-2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R







]
M

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@5'EP93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S



]

]
T1P


]



T1T;W`^16YT:71Y






M-2PP



]


T1T;W`^16YT:71Y($-E;G1R86P@26YD97@@2V5Y/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XP



]


]



T1T;W`^16YT:71Y($9I;&5R($-A
M=&5G;W)Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y!8V-E;&5R


]

M86QI9VX]



]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@
M4&5R:6]D($5N9!$871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X
M=#Y$96
@


]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XR



]


R-5\T
30V7SEA.6%?-S@P-#
S8V%B83
V#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V9D.30X-S1B7S@S
C5?-#$T

#0S

#(N:'1M;`T*


M:G


M9#TS1$E$




S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]

]
M


M9VX]



L.#@R



]
T1N=6UP/C$L


]

@;V8@)#$L

2!A;F0@)#@Q
PX-C0L(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
#$R






]
T1N


]




]
M


RPS




]
T1N=6UP



]




]




]



]

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26YV97-T;65N=!I;B!M=71U86P@9G5N9'
@



M


]


]
T1R93X-




M:6=N/3-$=&]P/DEN=F5S=&UE;G0@870@8V]S=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]





T1T;W`^


]


]



C@L-S


]




T1T;W`^



]


]
T1N
M=6UP/C

]
T1P




T1T;W`^0V]N


]
T1N=6UP/C$Y+#0U

]

L(&YO;BUC=7)R96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


]

]
T1N


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5&]T86P@87-S971S/]T9#X-

]
T1N=6UP/C0T
2PX
#0L
M






]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]




T1T;W`^4VAO


RPR-#`L




]

3$U+#$S



]


]
T1N=6UP/C$T+#$Y
RPR




M9VX]
T1T;W`^061V86YC97

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@





3


C4L.#

SQS

]
















]


2PR.#0L

SQS

]



]

3


]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^4F5T86EN960@96%R;FEN9W


]


#$L-S4W+#8R




]
T1R974^#0H@



]



]
T1N=6UP

]


]

]
T1N=6UP


S`L


\+W1D/@T*




]
T1N




RPW
3$L
#

]

]
T1N=6UP/C(W


]

]
M


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K+!686QU93PO


BPV.38L-C4X/'-P


M8E\X
S(U7S0Q-#9?.6$Y85\W.#`T
S-C86)A

M;G1E;G0]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3$\

M8V5I=F%B;&5S(&%L;&]W86YC92!F;W(@9&]U8G1F=6P@86-C;W5N='
@*&EN





T1T;W`^3F]T97

M9F]R(&1O=6)T9G5L(&%C8V]U;G1S(AI;B!$;VQL87)S*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@


L
S4P+#`U-CQS

]





M



]

]
T1R






#`P+#`P




M0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M


]



T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N


]


R-5\T
30V7SEA.6%?-S@P
M-#
S8V%B83
V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V9D.30X
M-S1B7S@S

#0S

M965T

M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@

$5(
T))/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@





SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]


U+#
W-#QS






3`I/'-P

34W
M+#
R-2PT


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$Q
BPS

C@X+#DQ
#QS

]






]
T1N=6T^*#$P
BPY.3`L
S4V*3QS





]

]
T1N=6T^





M;3XH





]



T1T;W`^1V%I;B`H


M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q-PV

\


2PR

M/B@U




]
T1N=6UP/C0L



]
T1N=6T^*#4U


]

M=&EO;G



RPQ
#





]
T1N=6T^*#0L
C

M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R+#`Q
2PR.#(I



T1T;W`^1V%I
M;B!O;B!D97)E9VES=')A=&EO;B!O9B!S=6)S:61I87)I97






30L-C0Q
M+#
P









M:6YG(&]P97)A=&EO;G



;W-S(&9R;VT@9&ES
M8V]N=&EN=65D(&]P97)A=&EO;G

]




M
C$L
3@V+#4Q



M8WD@=')A;G-L871I;VX@861J=7-T;65N='


]
T1N=6UP/C$R+#(U

]
M




]




T1T;W`^3W1H97(@8V]M


]

#8L




]



3
L-SDY

]


RPY
3`L
M-#




C0L



T1T

2PP
S
L-S




M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#`X-BPV
M

]


2PQ-C(L
S`Q/'-P

]
M


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M

]
T1N


]




M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#`N
M


]







]
M

M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#`N





]





]



T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N($-L87-S($$@6TUE;6)E

]















M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#`N



@





]



T1T;W`^0F%S:6
@*&EN







]


I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

3DL-C@X+#4U


]
T1R:#X-


]


]


T1T;W`^0F%S:6






]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


T1T;W`^0F%S
M:6









]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6T^)`H,XP
RD\

M*#`N


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6T^)`H,XP

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#`N



M1&YU;7`^.#(T+#
X


]
T1N=6UP/C(L-C(U+#`P



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&EL=71E9`H:6X@

]
T1N=6UP
M/C(L


R-5\T
30V7SEA.6%?-S@P-#
S
M8V%B83
V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V9D.30X-S1B
M7S@S

#0S

M



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\

$56D%+/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]




]






S$L(#(P
#D\+W1D


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C4L-C4Q+#4W


]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@
S0U+#0U


]

M1&YU;7`^
3DL-C`W+#


]


]


]



]



]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C@X.2PS



]
M


M;7`^
2PW
3`L







2PW
3`L











#`P



]


]


]


]


]

]


]


]


]
M




]


]


]
T1N=6T^*#$L
#@V+#8R

C(I/'-P86X^











BPX





]

]
T1N=6T^

]


]


]


]


3DL
M




M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R+#(W






]
T1N=6UP/C$Y+#8W




BPU


BPX
S8L



]
T1N=6UP/C$V
2PW
S@L
S@Y/'-P86X^

I(&%T($1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@









]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L








RPP





]

L

2PR









RPW
M



RPW







BPR-C0L
3@V/'-P


3
L












M1F%R;7

]


]
T1N=6T^*#8L-30S*3QS




]








38Q+#0Y




]




M;7`^
BPR
34L



BPR
34L


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A=!$96
N(#

M
C`L

M1&YU;7`^
2PW-S0L

3$L






]

3DL
M-S$T+#(Y

]
M

]
M

]
M




#0\












;W-S*3PO






]
T1N=6UP/C(T+#(P


]










]
T1P




M



]
T1N=6UP/C$X+#0Q






]


T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A=!$
M96,N(#,Q+`R


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PW-S0L





]

N(#








R-5\T
M
30V7SEA.6%?-S@P-#
S8V%B83
V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+V9D.30X-S1B7S@S

#0S
V-A8F$S-B]7



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$514$-)/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S


SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]






]
T1N






]




RPT




]


]











]
T1N=6T^*#0L
S(Y
M+#0W




30L-C




S8L

2PU
C
L
3

C0P+#



]
T1N=6T^*#$X-2PV
S@I/'-P86X^

SDR+#
V



]

BPS-C0L
#`T/'-P

2PW

M1&YU;7`^






T1T;W`^

\+W-T

]







]
T1N=6UP/C
P



]
M


M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R-2PU-3@L


]
T1R




BPW.38L


]
T1N=6UP/C0L


]

M


CDL-S@P+#






]

3$V+#@X



T1T;W`^




]


]
T1N=6T^*#(Y




T1T;W`^*$EN8W)E


]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6T^



]
T1N=6UP/C
L
M.#$Q+#0V




]
T1N=6T^*#


M86-C;W5N='


]









2PY
3@L


]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L



2PS
M.#0L

]

BPY


]
T1N=6UP/C4L
C8Q+#8Y



]

M;3XH


]
T1N=6T^*#$P+#




]
M

RPQ

BPX




BPX

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T+#8X-BPY.34I/'-P








]

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#0R
RPX

RPY


M;G



3DL
#0P+#8S






M9&5D(&)Y(&]P97)A=&EN9R!A8W1I=FET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

BPV.34L




T1T;W`^

]
T1N=6T^*#$W+#0Y
BPW.#0I/'-P86X^

3(L
#DS




C0I/'-P






]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



]
T1N=6T^*#(L
CDS+#DW





RPR.#$L
3



S(L

]



]



M=&EV:71I97

M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T
BPX-S@L



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4')O8V5E9',@9G)O;2!S:&]R
M=!T97)M(&)A;FL@;&]A;G



T1T;W`^4F5P87EM96YT

]















]
T1N=6T^*#
R+#
X
RPS
C$I/'-P



]
T1N=6UP/C
S+#
V.2PV






]


]



]



]

]
T1N=6T^

]
T1N=6T^*#


]


]



]
T1N=6T^*#8P+#0P
2PT

M;7`^-BPV



M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U+#
T
M


]

3QS

]



]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#DP
M+#$T


]
T1N=6UP
M/C(U+#`W
2PT

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R+#$W-2PW


S`L-C
U+#
U

]



]
T1N=6UP/C0X+#$V


]

]
T1N=6UP/C0P+#0R-2PS

L.#@R/'-P86X^


M+#4X

]

C4L

34L
S4S+#@X



]

2PS-#8L
#@Y







C


BPP-C8L




2PT.3
L-S0P/'-P86X^

3(L

M;7`^

]
T1P


M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S+#4U
M



]



M9VX]

M9&5E;6%B;&4@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



2PS.#(L










RPW





]
T1T97AT/CQS

M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9F0Y-#@W-&)?.#
R-5\T
30V
M7SEA.6%?-S@P-#
S8V%B83

O4VAE970P-RYH=&UL#0I#


M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





]
T1T

]




M='




T0G9F]N=#H@

M:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@;V8@1F5I:&4@26YT97)N871I;VYA;P@26YC+B`H
M=&AE#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@)B
X
C(P.T-O;7!A;GDF(S@R


M:61I87)I97


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97




@=V%S(&1I






3`L('1H92!#;VUP

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX-B`-B`@(`@($%&
M0R!W87,@:6YC;W)P;W)A=&5D(&EN($1E;&%W87)E+!W:71H(#4P+#`P





3LI+B!&96EH92!$86ER


3LI+`Y
M-24@;V8-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(!96EJ:6YG($9E:6AE($)I;W1E8VAN;VQO

#M&96EH92!3;WEB96%N)B
X
C(Q.RDL#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@



:6UI=&5D(@F(S@R,C`[1F5I:&4-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@5')A9&EN9R8C.#(R
3LI+!W:&EC:!W87
@97-T86)L:7-H



2!A;'-O(&]W;F5D($AE:6QO;F=J:6%N9R!&96EH92!+961O
M;F<@1F5E9&QO=',-B`@(`-B`@(`@($-O+BP@3&EM:71E9`H)B
X
C(P



M(S@R

F(S@R

M=&5D('1H92!S86QE(&]F#0H@#0H@(`@(!T:&5S92!S=6)S:61I87)I97
@

2P@
C`Q










M=&%L(&]F(%-H86YX:2!&96EH97-A;G1A:2!:6]T96-H;F]L;V=Y#0H@#0H@
M(`@(!38VEE;G1I9FEC(&%N9!#;VUM97)C:6%L($-O+BP@3&EM:71E9`H
M)B,X,C(P.U-H86YX:0T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@1F5I:&4F(S@R
C$[*2P@3&%N


C$[*2!A

M='
@0V\N+!,:6UI=&5D(@F(S@R


@

M4V5R:68[('=I9'1H.B`Q


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M9F]R;65R;'D@:VYO=VX@87




M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@


M#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C.#(R-CL-
MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@2&5I;&]N9VII86YG($9E:6AE($1A:7)Y($-O+BP@3&EM


-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@


M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@



M;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@


M/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S@R,C8[#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
2!38VEE;G1I9FEC(&%N9`T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M0V]M;65R8VEA;!#;RXL($QI;6ET960@+2!-86YU9F%C='5R:6YG(&%N9!D
M:7-T<FEB=71I;F<-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@=V%L;G5T(&%N9!S;WEB96%N

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C

M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
X
C(V.PT*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@



M/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S@R




M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*

M:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S@R,C8[#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@($AE:6QO;F=J:6%N9R!!
M:7EI;F=Q=6%N($EN=&5R;F%T:6]N86P@5')A9&EN9R!#;RXL#0H@#0H@(`@

MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@

MB`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO

M9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(!86EQ=6%N($9E:6AE($1A:7)Y($-O+BP@
M3&EM:71E9`M(%!R;V1U8V5D(&1A:7)Y#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@('!R
M;V1U8W1S('5N=&EL(#(P


M/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


C
L(#(P


'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



R-5\T
30V
M7SEA.6%?-S@P-#
S8V%B83
V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+V9D.30X-S1B7S@S

#0S
V-A8F$S-B]7;W)K


M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES



]


T1T;W`^4VEG;FEF


#L@





@:6X@=&AE(%5N

X

M/E!R:6YC:7!L97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N




M971H97(@=&AE($=R;W5P(&-O;G1R;VQS#0H@(`-B`@(`@(&%N;W1H97(@
M96YT:71Y+B!3=6)S:61I87)I97,@87)E(&9U;&QY(&-O;G-O;&ED871E9!F


'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

2!T



T0G9F]N=#H@



@87)E(')E







@86-Q=6ES
M:71I;VX@:7

M;&P@:7


M;B!D871E(&]V97(@=&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L=65S(&]F('1H92!I9&5N=&EF:6%B






'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M;VX@:6X@86X@86-Q=6ES:71I;VX@:6YC;'5D97



#`Y('1H92!C;VYT:6YG96YT(&-O
M;G-I9&5R871I;VX@:7





M92!#;VUP86YY(&%N9!!1D,@:7,@=&AE(%5N:71E9`T*(`-B`@(`@(%-T

C`[)8C
M.#(R,3LI+B!4:&4-B`-B`@(`@($=R;W5P)B
X
C$W.W




@


@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S


M(`@8V%P:71A;!D96YO;6EN871E9!I;B!T:&4@9G5N8W1I;VYA;!C=7)R



M=!O9@T*(`-B`@(`@(&%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&]T:&5R(&-O;7!R96AE;G-I




@87)E#0H@



T0G9F]N=#H@




M:6YA;F-I86P@:6YS=&ET=71I;VYS+!W:&EC:!H879E(&]R:6=I;F%L(&UA
M='5R:71I97

M+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX-B`-








M86YD(&%M;W5N='

M4F5C96EV86)L97








M90T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#0H

M=')A9&4@8W5S=&]M97(N($YO=&5S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4@87)E(')E=FEE=V5D


M8F%L86YC97







@




2!W:71H#0H@
&-E<W
@;V8@;F5T







T0G9F]N
M=#H@








M=F%L=64@:7




'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G9F]N
M=#H@





M;G0@8V]N9&ET:6]N.R!I:6DI(&%C=&EO;G



@=&AE



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







M
T0G9F]N=#H@




@:6YC=7)R960N#0H@







@9F]R




#`E.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

C
S


T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#


M(`@(`@+0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,B4G/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`S


M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!7




M#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@



M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@-0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX-B`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@('EE87)S#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@





M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`-B`@(`\+W1A8FQE

T0G9F]N=#H@


\





@86YD#0H@(`T*(`@(`@:6YT97)E



@:7


T0G9F]N=#H@



@87)E#0H@#0H@(`@(!C87!I=&%L


M5&EM97


@9F]R(&QA;F0@=7-E(')I

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX-B`-B`@(`@($%L;!L86YD



M:6=H='


-B`-B`@(`@
M(&]F(#0P('1O(#4P('EE87)S(&EN('1H92!S=&%T96UE;G1S(&]F(&EN8V]M
M92!A;F0-B`-B`@(`@(&-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@:6YC;VUE('5S:6YG('1H
M92!S=')A:6=H=UL:6YE(&UE=&AO9X-B`@(`-B`@(`\+W`^/&)R+SX\

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M;W(-B`-B`@(`@('-O;&0@=&\@;W1H97)S+@T*(`-B`@(`\+W`^/&)R

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


L(&YE=#PO8CX-

'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97








T0G9F]N=#H@


\

#L@=&5X



@












#(S
M(&%N9!N:6P@:6X@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
#$R

'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



&-E<W
@;V8@=&AE(&-O



@;F]T(&%M



M(`@;V8@96%C:!Y96%R+!T:&4@1W)O=7`@=&5S=',@:6UP86ER;65N=!O



X
C$W.W
@9V]O9'=I;&P@:7
@=W)I


@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@=&\-

L('=I=&@@86YY(&9A:7(@
M=F%L=64@:6X@97AC97-S(&]F(&%M;W5N='
-B`@(`-B`@(`@(&%L;&]C





M=!O9B!G;V]D=VEL;!W87
@;FEL+`T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(0U-34L,S@W
M(&%N9`D
2PT


C`Q
2!A;F0@
C`Q

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@



M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(#`G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#QB/D9A:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@9FEN86YC:6%L



M;F-I86P@:6YS=')U;65N='





@9'5E


T0G9F]N=#H@




@:71S(&9A:7(@=F%L=64N($9A:7(@=F%L

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P






@;V8@;W=N97)S:&EP+!W:&EC:!C;VEN8VED97
@

M97




#$R
M+`R,#$Q(&%N9`R


T0G9F]N=#H@
M





@9F]R#0H@(`T*





M1W)O=7`F(S@R





C`Q
BP@
C`Q
2!A
M;F0@
C`Q





M;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W
@9&ES8V]N=&EN=65D(&]P97)A=&EO;G
@9F]R('1H

Q+`R,#$R
M+`R





N(%-U8V@@8V]S='


M
C`Q

MB`@(`@('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R+`R
#$Q(&%N

M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






3(L(#(P
3$@
M86YD(#(P







T0G
M9F]N=#H@






M97


M97





M8V]G;FEZ97



@







BPP
M-S
L
3DP(&]P=&EO;G
@9W)A;G1E9!I;B!-87D-B`-B`@(`@(#(P
#D@
M86YD(#$L
S
R+#`P







T0G9F]N
M=#H@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

@
M9FEN97






T0G
M9F]N=#H@





@87)E(')E8V]R9&5D





'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97













'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

M(`@(`@5&AE($=R;W5P)B
X
C$W.W
@96YT:71I97


M

@87)E#0H@#0H@(`@(!B

M96YT:71I97
@8G5T#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@87)E(&YO=!R969U;F1S(&]F

M(`-B`@(`@(%1H97D@87)E('=I=&AO=70@8V]N9&ET:6]N(&%N9!R96-O




#`E.R!F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G

MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@.38E)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@($9E:6AE($1A:7)Y(')E8V5I


M87@@875T:&]R:71I97

T0G=F5R=&EC


!H;VQI9&%Y(&1U<FEN9R!T

#`Y


'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@
M96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(L(#(P
3$@86YD(#(P
3`L('1H90T*

@

2PW
#DL
SDY+`T*


M=&5D#0H@(`-B`@(`@('-T871E;65N=',@;V8@:6YC;VUE(&%N9!C;VUP




2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q
2P@9&5F97)R960@:6YC

RPW
3$L
#

M;BUC=7)R96YT(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&EN#0H@(`T*(`@(`@=&AE(&%C8V]M





M#0H@#0H@(`@(!
96%S97
@87)E(&-L87-S:69I960@87





M97%U:7!M96YT+B!
96%S97


N



M




@









MB`@(`@(&YO=!B92!R96%L:7IE9X@5&AE(&-O;7!O;F5N='
@;V8@=&AE


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



C`[26YC;VUE

X






2!A<W-O8VEA=&5D

@
M:7









T0G9F]N=#H@






@






X
C$W.W



@;F5T


M('-T871E;65N='
-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(!H879E(&)E96X@861J=7-T960@



M(`@(!*86YU87)Y)B
Q-C`[
2P@
C`Q

T0G8V]L










I)B



@86QL;V-A=&5D

2!S
M:&%R92!I;F-O;64@9F]R('1H90T*(`@#0H@(`@(!P97)I;V0N#0H@(`@

T0G9F]N=#H@






T0G9F]N=#H@


M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y)SX-B`-B`@(`@(%5N=&EL($]C=&]B97(@
S$L(#(P
3$L('1H



@87


@87)E('!R97-E

#L@





@;V8@87-S971S



@







M='



M-#@W-&)?.#
R-5\T
30V7SEA.6%?-S@P-#
S8V%B83

O
M4VAE970P.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N

]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



@






M#0H@(`@(!);B!-87D@
C`Q



X


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K)SY4:&ES('5P9&%T92!I


@=&AE#0H@



#`E.R!B;W)D97(M8V]L;&%P





M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`-B`@(`@



T0G8V]L;W(Z($)L86-K)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\








#L-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B

T0G=F5R=&EC


T0G8V]L
M;W(Z(&)L86-K)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@

M(S@R
C8[#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D




MB`@(`@(`@(!M87)K970F(S@R

M9R!V;VQU;64@:7




Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@


M(&)L86-K)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T


M8VLG/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG





F(S@R


M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@

38P.PT*(`T*




X






R!I;G!U='
N(%)E


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@

M9CL@=VED=&@Z(#$P

M9'1H.B`X)3L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!W:61T:#H@-4[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C



M3&5V96P@
R!O9B!T:&4-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@:&EE

2DF(S$V
#MA('%U86YT:71A=&EV92!D:7-C;&]S=7)E#0H@

BDF(S$V




@86YA;'ES97

M92!M96%S=7)E;65N='



M(`@(!I;G!U='




M(`@(`@)B


M86-K)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM







M


C`Q
2P@
M=&AE($9!4T(@:7-S=65D(&%N('5P9&%T92!T:&%T(')E=FES97
@=&AE#0H@
































M8V-O=6YT:6YG#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@9W5I9&%N8V4L(&]R(@R*2!S=6)J


M.#(Q-SMS(&9I;F%N8VEA;!S=&%T96UE;G1S('1O(&5V86QU871E('1H92!E
M9F9E8W0@;W(-B`@#0H@(`@(!P;W1E;G1I86P@969F96-T(&]F(&YE='1I





M;G1I='D@:7

@9F]R



X
C$W
M.W

M='



M92!F86-T;W)S('1O(&1E=&5R;6EN92!W:&5T:&5R(&ET#0H@#0H@(`@(!I




M=F5D(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S970@:7
@:6UP86ER960N(%1H92!A;65N9&UE

M9F]R(&%N;G5A;!A;F0@:6YT97)I;2!I;7!A:7)M96YT#0H@(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@=&5S='

@8F5G:6YN:6YG



2`R,#$S+!T:&4@1D%30B!I<W-U960@
M86X@=7!D871E(')E9V%R9&EN9PT*(`@(`-B`@(`@(&-O;7!R96AE;G-I
M=F4@:6YC;VUE+B!4:&4@;V)J96-T:79E(&]F('1H:7
@=7!D871E(&ES('1O


M:7

M96EN9R!R96-L87-S:69I960@:7
-B`@#0H@(`@(!R97%U:7)E9!U;F1E





M=&\@80T*(`T*(`@(`@8F%L86YC92!S:&5E=!A8V-O=6YT(AF;W(@97AA


X
C$W.W
@8V]N









M

S$L(#(P

M4FES:R!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M497AT($)L;V-K73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



M;CH@


M;FL@86-C;W5N='


X
C(P.T9$24
F(S@R
C$[*2!I

PS
M.30L-#4Y(&%N9`D
30L.#4Y+#4T

#$R(&%N9`R,#$Q+!T:&4@

S0P

@=VET:&EN('1H92!5;FET960@4W1A=&5S(&]F





2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q
2!S=6)S=&%N=&EA;&QY(&%L
M;!O9B!T:&4-B`@(`-B`@(`@($=R;W5P)B,X,C$W.W,@8V%S:!A;F0@

M)B

M;F-I86P@:6YS=&ET=71I;VYS(&QO8V%T960@:6X@=&AE(%!20PT*(`-B`@

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX-B`-B`@(`@($%L;!O9B!T:&4@
M1W)O=7`F(S@R


M960@8GD@861V97)S92!E8V]N;VUI8R!C;VYD:71I;VYS(&EN('1H92!04D
N

T0G9F]N=#H@

M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX-B`-B`@(`@($%L;!O9B!T:&4@1W)O=7`F(S@R
M

@87)E(&QO8V%T960@:6X@=&AE(%!20RX-B`@(`-


M9F]R;7





#$Q(&%N9`R,#$P.B!T=V\@:6YD:79I9'5A;!C=7-T

I#0H@(`-B`@(`@(&%C8V]U;G1E9!F;W(@;6]R92!T:&%N(#$P










M86YE9!A('!R:6YC:7!A;!A;6]U;G0@;V8@)#0L
#`P+#`P

M($YO=&4N(%1H92!.;W1E)B
X
C$W.W



M($IU;F4@


-


M#0H@#0H@(`@(!P;&5D9V5D(&%C8V]R9&EN9R!T;R!T:&4@3F]T92!A9W)E









M;F-O;64@5&%X97


]

]




N(&9E9&5R



M

M.B`Q
#`E.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


'!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N


M.B!B;VQD.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#(P
3(-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^





M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@

M+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@






Q

M;&4]

T0G9F]N=UW
M96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

38P.PT*(`T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R



Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0G
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD)SX-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B


3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
M

M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V

M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D




M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*

R4G/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M

M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL






R4[

X
C$R.PT*
M(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
R4G/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@

M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N

C

MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C


M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@.3`P#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@


0T*(`T*





M(`@(#(X+#$U-`T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T

M.#`P+#(S.0T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T


0T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N


M;W(Z(')G8B@R
S0L
C0Y+#(S

M;&4]


M/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

38P.PT*(`T*


M

Q-C`[
M#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B






M




38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@




Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V



M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R
M.B!R9V(H
C
T+#(T.2PR

M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

-

38P
M.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C

M9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P


X
M
C$R.PT*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*

MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M



M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S@R

M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*


X
C$R
M.PT*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL

M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!P861D


M(`@(`@(%!20PT*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@


38P.PT*















M;&4]




M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B





T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@

M)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!

3`L
#$P+#0R-PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@


38P.PT*





T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P





M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@

B!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!B;W)D

M(&)O;&0G/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C

M;VQD.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#(P
3$-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@



MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V





M(&)O;&0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@

B!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX-B`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@55
D#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*




M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@







S0L
C0Y+#(S
BDG/@T*(`@(`T*(`@



M:#H@
3

M
#8R+#DV.0T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,R4G/@T*(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@

MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3
E.R!T97AT


MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,R4G/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@*0T*(`-B`@(`@







M





3([#0H@


#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SX-
MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S

M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
X
C$R.PT*(`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@




6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`R

M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@


Q-C`[

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@

M:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

3`L


38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@*#(W.2PW,C(-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(!4








7!T('-O;&ED)SX-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`R




M
7!T('-O;&ED)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`R
#$Q#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

M(`@(`F(S$V

M+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`R
M


T0G

C

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$S)3L@

M)0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@,R4G/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@

3

T#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@

M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@



M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@


M


M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V


38P



M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@*#,S+C,Q#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

M
C


-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@

T0G

Q-C`[#0H@

T0G

M(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@

M(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@




M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V

M(`@(`@(@Q,2XQ.0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`E*0T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@



30N


M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T

M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`-

M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C
T+#(T.2PR

M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL

MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#$P+C,X#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

PT*(`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`E*0T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@


'!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL

M*0T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@


M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`S-RXP
0T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(4-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B





T0G=&5X



M
3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@3W1H
M97)S#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T


M9G0G/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C









38P


M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@


M(`@(`@(`Q-BXP.0T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@




M;VTZ(#(N-7!T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

M(`@(`F(S$V

M







M9F5C='
@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R





#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*


M8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`R

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@

M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`R



7!T('-O;&ED)SX-
MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`R
#$P#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@





M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*




B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@55


M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@


M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R
M.B!R9V(H
C
T+#(T.2PR










Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@


BPP-3DL
S0T#0H@#0H@

T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M*0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@
R4G/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@

M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S

M(`@(`@(`@(@X-3DL-SDP#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

M



M4&5R('-H87)E(&5F9F5C=UB87-I8PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@

T0G

Q-C`[#0H@

T0G


M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C


M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
XP.0T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-
MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T




S0L
C0Y+#(S
BDG/@T*(`@(`T*(`@


'!T.R!T97AT+6EN

M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

30-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@


M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@


M(`P+C`Y#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@


M9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D

XP-`T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@







M97
@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P





#`E.R!F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M
3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ








M;&4]


M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@



Q-C`[#0H@#0H@

T0G9F]N
M=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-


T0G9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O
M;&0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T


M:6YD96YT.B`M




M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V






M=F5S#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,R4G/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
34E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S)2<^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C

M(')I9VAT.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`Q-3@L


M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N






M#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

2PW
C
L.#`P#0H@(`@(`T*(`@
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX-B`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O

M(`Q+#,V,PP
#`-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@







M(`@(`@(#4L-C(P+#`S
@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@


M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*



M;&5F=#H@
3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ


#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@

M;VTG/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(@R+#$Y-PT,S0-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M*0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T








M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C.#(Q,CL-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^


M(#(N-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q



M;&5F=#H@




#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R

Q-C`[

M

MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B


M)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H

M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@


M969T)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

M;&5F=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ


M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@)B


M(`@(`@)B


M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V


38P.PT*(`T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(#QT

M+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C
T+#(T.2PR

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S




M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@

#`P#0H@#0H@

T0G=&5X

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@

'!T.R!P861D:6YG

M:71I97

M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,X,C$R.PT*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@


M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*


'0M:6YD
M96YT.B`M





SDR+#4Q
PT*(`@#0H@(`@



M(#
U-PW.3D-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@

M;&4]


M





M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@




S.2PR-#4-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M
7!T)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@


38P.PT*



Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM


M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*




M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*

M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B;&4[


S0L
C0Y+#(S




38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@


M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R

Q-C`[

M

Q-C`[

M=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!

C0V#0H@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@*0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SX-B`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@


M9VAT.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`H

T0G

C

M

M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S

38P.PT*(`T*



#L-B`-B`@

38P.PT*


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@


M




M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@


M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@







M97


M9&EC=&EN9R!I='
@9G5T=7)E(&EN8V]M92P@=&AE('9A;'5A=&EO;@T*(`@
M(`-B`@(`@(&%L;&]W86YC92!R961U8V5S('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W
M.W

M('1H870@:7


T0G9F]N=#H@


#M.3TPF(S@R
C$[*2!C87)R
&EM871E;'D@)#0N-!M


@;V8-B`-B`@(`@($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
M
#$R(&%N9`R,#$Q+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN($%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q


M87)I97


@9F]R('1H92!#;VUP


2P@
C`Q

M(&)E='=E96X@
C`Q-0T*(`T*(`@(`@86YD(#(P
S(N#0H@#0H@(`@/]P

T0G9F]N=#H@





X
C(P


2P@
C`P.X@5&AE#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(!%








M.28C.#(R
3LI+@T*(`T*(`@(`@0F%S960@;VX@0VER8W5L87(@
SDL(&-E






M

M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






@


M('EE87(@-3`E(')E9'5C=&EO;B!I;B!I='


T0G9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX-B`-B`@



M97)E;G1I86P@=')E871M96YT(&EN#0H@#0H@(`@(!T:&4@9F]R;2!O9B!E







4@=&%X(&AO;&ED87ES)B,Q-C`[9F]R
M(#(P,#@-B`@(`-B`@(`@(&%N9`R
#`Y(&%N9`U,4@=&%X(&AO;&ED
M87ES)B
Q-C`[9F]R(#(P
3`L(#(P
3$@86YD(#(P
3(N#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

C4E(&EN(#(P
M
3`L(#(P
3$@86YD(#(P





@



T0G9F]N=#H@


#$R+B!4:&]S92!E87)N



N(%1H92!04D








N($EF('1H92!0
M4D


@

M:61E('1H92!04D
@=VEL;!B92!S=6)J96-T('1O#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@

M92!B86QA;F-E('-H965T#0H@(`T*(`@(`@9&%T92P@=&AE(&1E=&5R;6EN


@



'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





38P.R!&;W(@=&AE('EE87)S#0H@(`@#0H@(`@

2P@
C`Q
BP@
C`Q
2!A;F0@
C`Q






M/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M969T.B`Q

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G9F]N=#H@


Q-C`[#0H@


T0G9F]N=#H@




M;&%C:SL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T
M)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C

@

M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@

M/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@($YE=!55$(-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*



T0G9F]N=#H@
M


3!P=#L@
M=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX-B`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@




Q

'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


'!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N

'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


38P.PT*
M(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M


MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@


M;65S+!397)I9CL@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G
M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C

@

M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B

T0G9F]N=#H@
M


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G9F]N=#H@


M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-#8E.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T

M
3`-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#
E.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(&QE9G0G/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C

R4[(&9O


M

#@R#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@


#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@


M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$S)3L@9F]N=#H@



M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@


M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@


M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M
3
E.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M(`@(`@(#0L-S0W+#`X
PT*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M5&EM97

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@





M97

38P.PT*(`T*



M.#(Q


T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G9F]N=#H@




T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P



Q

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@




M(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

!B

M87(-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-


M97)I9CL@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O
M;&ED.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M=#H@



M(`@(`F(S$V




M=#H@


M(S@R
3([#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

M97


T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M86-K.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M

M86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M;&4]


M:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`I#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D


M($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$P#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-

M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@


38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

@3F5W



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M86-K)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G9F]N=#H@




38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

C
T
M+#(T.2PR



#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68[

M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@


M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T


M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M97

38P.PT*(`T*






M(#(R
2PR









38P.PT*




#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@


M97

X



#L-B`-B`@

@




RPQ.30-B`@(`@#0H@


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#L@9F]N=#H@



M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


3!P=#L@
M=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ

MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

M9G0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

BPY-3`L-C@V#0H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@


M(`@(`@)B

T0G9F]N=#H@

2PX-38L
#@R#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D




M5&EM97

38P.PT*



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

T0G=F5R

'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z
M(TQ

T0G9F]N=#H@

M(`@(`@)B

T0G9F]N=#H@



M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL

#L-B`-B`@

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M(`@(`@(`T,PY-S

M(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@




M(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^


@3F5W


M

@=&%K96X@:6X@8W5R



#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M5&EM97



BPX
C$L


T0G





@3F5W








Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M
7!T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D


M)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA
M8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

MB`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(@R+#@R,2PQ-S@-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M
7!T.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





T0G9F]N=#H@

M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

3!P=#L@=&5X=UI
M;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@($)A;&%N8V4@87
@;V8@
M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*


M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M

@






3`L
3(Y+#4P.`T*(`T*



M969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D





MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M=6)L93L@9F]N=#H@

M9CL@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`@#0H@

BPP


M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M)B


'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


N



M:&]R:71I97


M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

R-5\T
30V7SEA.6%?-S@P-#
S8V%B83
V#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V9D.30X-S1B7S@S
C5?-#$T-E\Y

#0S

3(N:'1M;`T*0V]N



^


M1$E$



#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\


T0G9F]N=#H@






MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V



M(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#


M(`@(`F(S$V

M+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`R
M



7!T('-O;&ED)SX-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`R




M
7!T('-O;&ED)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`R
#$P#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

M(`@(`F(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


'!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



M(`@(`@(`@(%53)`T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*


B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H
M=#H@8F]L9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M55


MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=F

38P.PT*

M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C
T+#(T.2PR
S(I)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@

M(!.970@:6YC;VUE(AL;W-S*2!A='1R:6)U=&%B;&4@=&\@1F5I:&4@26YT
M97)N871I;VYA;P-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@26YC+B!S:&%R96AO;&1E

-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*
M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@


M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R

Q-C`[

M

Q-C`[
M#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B




38P.PT*







R4[('1E

MB`@(`@(`@(`R
2PQ-C(L

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N


T0G=VED=&@Z

@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[

#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@,R4G/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

3
E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM



S0L
C0Y+#(S



7!T
M)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA
M8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-


M(`@(`@(`@(D-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@


Q-C`[#0H@

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R



-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*


2PQ-C(L
S`Q#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@


M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@

T0G

Q-C`[#0H@

T0G

PV-38-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`I#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

38P.PT*(`T*





M

M8FQE(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@





Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B





M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-
MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T

M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
X
C$R.PT*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
M
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@

M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H

7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T



M(`@(`@)B

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED

M#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@*#$L,#@V+#8R,@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`I#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`-B`@

3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E
M;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O

C$L
38R+#
P
0T*(`T*(`@(`@

M9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


M8F]T=&]M)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`H
38V+#DQ.`T*(`@(`T*(`@


M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(D-B`@#0H@(`@(`@


M9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H

M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@


M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@


M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@


M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T



3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ

M8PT*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*


38P.PT*

M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@

M;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R

M:6YD96YT.B`M

M(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@

M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX-B`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`U+#`V-RPP-C`-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@



C
T+#(T
M.2PR


38P.PT*(`T*



Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA
M8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@


Q-C`[#0H@

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R




M/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(@U+#0S.2PR
C0-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M,7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@*0T*
M(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C



M#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[

M

Q-C`[

M

M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL



#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS



M
S0L
C0Y+#(S

T0G=&5X

I

MB`@(`@(`@(!);F



-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@



'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@

M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX-B`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@







M;VTG/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#
X

M(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T

M=&]M)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`T-S$L
C4P#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O



M;W(Z(')G8B@R
S0L
C0Y+#(S

M;&4]


M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D

MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M
7!T)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@







T0G



M9RUL969T.B`Q




M9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D

M(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R


M9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H

M*#$W
PY-C8-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`I#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^



3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-B`@(`-



38P




M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-
MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T

38P.PT*




38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@


38P.PT*(`T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@




M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*



M






'!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@+3$P

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*

M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL

M9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
X
C$R.PT*(`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@)B


M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@


RPT-#D-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@,7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@*0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S


MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@*#4L-#





3!P=#L@=&5X
M=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(!.970@:6YC;VUE
M(AL;W-S*2!A='1R:6)U=&%B;&4@=&\@1F5I:&4@26YT97)N871I;VYA;P-


M



M:'0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`H.38L
S@Y#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`I#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P


M-#$R+#DP-0T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D



M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@)B


M(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO


M.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S





M
3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(!.



38P




M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-
MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T

38P.PT*


'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T

3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
M
'!T)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@+2!C;VYT:6YU:6YG(&]P97)A=&EO
M;G,-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-
MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-
MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

M#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#
X

M9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P


M+#(U

M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`U-34L-S(X#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T



#L-B`-B`@

M/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@


'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@
7!T)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@

M(`@(`F(S$V


MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@*0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@


M

M(')E9&5E;6%B;&4@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(T@1&EL=71E9`T*(`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M
R4G/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!W:61T:#H@
24G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@

X
M
PU-3@-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

M:61T:#H@
3


M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@*0T*
M(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@
R4G/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL



T0G



Q
M-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B


M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B


MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

38P.PT*

M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*


S0L
C0Y
M+#(S



M=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q

M;&4]

Q

M;&4]



M:'0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`Q.2PV.#@L-34Q#0H@#0H@(`@(`@


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@


M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@









M(`@(`@($1I;'5T960-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@


3DL-S4V+#4U.0T*(`T*



M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@

3DL-C@X+#4U

MB`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@

3DL-C0W+#@T-`T*


'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M;&5F
M=#H@
3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ


MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@


38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

38P.PT*(`T*



38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@


BPV
C4L
#`P#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\


M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R


M
3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ



#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!

M(`@(`@.#(T+#
X





SD-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@



#L-B`-B`@

M/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@




38P.PT*(`T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(#QT

M+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C
T+#(T.2PR

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

38P
M.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C



#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@



M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@






#L-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@



3!P=#L@=&5X
M=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@+2!C;VYT:6YU
M:6YG(&]P97)A=&EO;G,-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

#4-B`@(`@#0H@

T0G=&5X

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@)B


M(`@(`@)B


M(`@(`@(`P+C(V#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@


C`-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`I#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\


38P.PT*(`T*



Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA
M8VL@



M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C


'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G
M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`I#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@




XR.`T*(`T*(`@
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`I#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO


3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(!.970@:6YC;VUE(AL;W-S*2!A='1R:6)U=&%B;&4@
M=&\@1F5I:&4@26YT97)N871I;VYA;P-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@26YC
M+@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-
MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-
MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

M#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#$N
#4-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[

M

Q-C`[

M

M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@*#`N-#@-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-


3!P=#L@
M=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@

M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@




Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

C



M(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R`M($1I;'5T960-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

38P


M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C


M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B


M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@

T0G=&5X

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@

T0G=&5X

MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R

7!T.R!P861D



M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@


M(`@(`Q+C`U#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\


M(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@,XR-@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V

M(`@*0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*

M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M96YT.B`M

M(&]P97)A=&EO;G




3([#0H@


#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SX-
MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S

M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@*#`N
C8-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@*0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@

#L-B`-B`@

M)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@*#`N
C@-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R

M:6YD96YT.B`M


38P
M.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C

MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V


M

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[

M

Q-C`[

M

M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V


38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

38P.PT*(`T*



M





#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@

M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@








M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@

XT-@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT



MB`@(`@(`@(`P+C(Q#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C



3!P=#L@=&5X=UI
M;F1E;G0Z(TQ






CL-

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@




XR-@T*(`T*(`@
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@

M(`@(`F(S$V


38P.PT*(`T*





M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C
T+#(T.2PR
S(I)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@



M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@


M(`@(`@(`@,XT-@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V



M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S



M*0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

3!P

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@

T0G

Q-C`[#0H@

T0G

#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V


M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@




M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@R
S0L
C0Y+#(S
BDG/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\



M;B!S=&]C:R`M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@($1I;'5T960-B`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D




M:'0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL

M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T



38P.PT*(`T*


#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

C


M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@

T0G=&5X

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@

T0G=&5X



'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T

3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
M



CL-B`@#0H@(`@



XR-@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D

M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL

M9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C


'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`I#0H@(`T*(`@(`@

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O


3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z
M(TQ

M(`@(`@(`@(T@1&EL=71E9`T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T


M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*

XP,PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-





2PP
#8L
#`P

M(`@(!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W

M








S(U7S0Q-#9?.6$Y85\W.#`T
S-C86)A

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4









#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R

L($EN8VQU9&EN9R!$:7-C;VYT:6YU960@

#L@=&5X
6QE





@
M;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDN($]N($%U9W5S=`Q+`R


M.#(R
#M!9W)E96UE;G0F(S@R


X
M


M=7)C:&%S97(@86QL(&]F('1H90T*(`T*(`@(`@97%U:71Y(&EN=&5R97-T

@9F]R(&%N(&%G9W)E9V%T92!P=7)C:&%S





M('%U87)T97(@:6X@=&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R`Q.!M;VYT:',@869T97(@4V5P
M=&5M8F5R(#,P+`R
#$Q#0H@#0H@(`@(!T;R!S971T;&4@=&AE(&1E9F5R


M960-B`@(`T*(`@(`@:6X@8V%S:X@1'5R:6YG(#(P
3$L('1H92!#;VUP



M(`@(`@8V%S:!P87EM96YT(&]F(0Q

M(&UI;&L@=F%L=65D(&%T(0Q,XY(&UI;&QI;VXN)B

@3F5W


M86X@87-S970@;6]R=&=A9V4@86=R965M96YT('=I=&@@=&AE#0H@(`-B`@

M1F%R;7








@=&AE(&-O;7!O;F5N='
@;V8@9&ES



M861D:6YG/3-$

M97



Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@

38P
M.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q



Q-C`[=&AE)B
Q

F(S$V
#ME;F1E98C,38P.T1E8V5M8F5R)B,Q-C`[,S$L#0H@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M9VAT.B!B;VQD)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@




Q-C`[


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L
M9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C:R`Q

C`Q
@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@



M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#(P
3$-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\



38P




M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@








M;&4]
T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@=&5X=UA
M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(!54R0-B`@(`-B`@(`@

M8FQA8VL[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S

M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M8VL[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/@T*

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O
M;&]R.B!R9V(H
C
T+#(T.2PR





M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M.B`Q



M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F

M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C

R4[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C

C8Q+#0W
M
@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L

M;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
X
C$R.PT*
M(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@


Q

M;&4]
T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@





T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@





T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C

C


6QE
M/3-$)V-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=<^#0H@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@


#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=C

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\












M97

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C

M=!S;VQI9#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
M



#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!



S$X+#
U





3([#0H@(`T*(`@(`@


M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@



#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M
M.B!;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B;&4[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@=&5X=UA;&EG

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T
M=&]M.B!;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B;&4[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@=&5X=UA




M(&QE9G0G/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C


M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T


M(`@*#4L-S`U+#(R.`T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@



M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C




S(U7S0Q-#9?
M.6$Y85\W.#`T
S-C86)A



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

]

]




]
M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N




M;FL@;&]A;G

@;V8@8W)E9&ET




R-5\T
30V7SEA.6%?-S@P-#
S8V%B
M83
V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V9D.30X-S1B7S@S
M

#0S

34N



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C





3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
M

M97(@4F5C96EV86)L97



3`N(%12041%(%)%0T5)5D%3$53+!.150\

#L@=&5X


M

T0P(&-E;&QS


M.R!W:61T:#H@
3`P)3L@9F]N=#H@

3!P=#L@=&5X
M=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=C;VQO

M



M(`@(`@)B

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L

M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]




Q

M;&4]

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*

M8VL[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;VQS




M.B`Q






M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@

Q-C`[#0H@

T0G


M(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O



3!P=#L@=&5X=UI
M;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(!
97-S.B!!;&QO=V%N


2PT-30L-S0Q

M



Q-C`[

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@


M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL




M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`I#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(#QT

M+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C
T+#(T.2PR


M:6YD96YT.B`M

M97

S4L-C`Q#0H@#0H@



M(&QE9G0G/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C


M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T


M(`@-#`L-CDP+#8S.`T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@

M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@

M97



@96YD
M960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P




#`E.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M969T.B`Q

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D






M;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*


Q-C`[


3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@

M.B!B;VQD)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@

B!S='EL93TS


M(`@(`@(`@55,D#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@


M(')G8B@R
S0L
C0Y+#(S

M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#8P)3L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#$P


M8V4@87




M(')I9VAT)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`T+#$V,PY

T0G=VED=&@Z


S
V#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\




Q-C`[#0H@

T0G

M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#$L
C
Y+#DR


Q-C`[

M

M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@


MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@



3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ




Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-



T0G
M8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(D-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@


M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@



M(TQ,'!T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(!&;W)E:6=N(&5X8VAA;F=E(&%D
M:G5S=&UE;G0-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA
M8VL@

M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!



M=#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@



M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@


M


0T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@


38P.PT*



M

#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@









@4D5#14E604)
12P@3D54/]B/@T*(`@(`-B`@

M;G-O;&ED871E9`T*(`T*(`@(`@8F%L86YC92!S:&5E='
@87
@;V8@1&5C
M96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P



M


#$R#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F

C`Q
M
0T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

'0M


M.B`M

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K

M(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


M;VQD)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V





'!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N


MB`@(`@(`@(`R
#`Y(A3964@3F]T92`T*#,I*0T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\



M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!C





T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE




M;&4]
T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C




M/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

M(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA
M8VL@




'!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@+3$P


38P



X

Q-C`[

M
T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
BXU

M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
M

M)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S@R

M.B`R+C5P=#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@


T1T;W`^3W1H97(@4F5C
M96EV86)L97
@86YD($-O;G-I9&5R871I;VX@4F5C96EV86)L92!;365M8F5R





@3F5W



2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q
2!C;VYS:7-T960-B`@#0H@(`@





M:'0Z(&)O;&0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G8V]L

C`Q
0T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!C;VQO





M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(%53)`T*(`@(`T*

M;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



Q-C`[#0H@#0H@


M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
R4[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C

M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T



MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@





T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\

C4V
M+#DR
`T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K)SX-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*





S0L
M
C0Y+#(S

T0G8V]L;W(Z






T0G8V]L;W(Z

L
3@Q+#(W.0T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@

T0G8V]L
M;W(Z(&)L86-K)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@

M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C.#(Q
CL-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O


M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L

M.3`V+#4X
`T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@

M/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K)SX-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@



M
S0L
C0Y+#(S

T0G8V]L
M;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#$P



-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D




M(`@(`F(S$V

M(`@(8C



Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O

M(`@(`@(`S-S@L.#@W#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!C;VQO


M#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@



Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@




M(&]T:&5R(')E8V5I=F%B;&5S#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

M-S
L-#
U#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@



38P.PT*(`T*


M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@



#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@



#`E

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@

M

M:7

C`Q
RX@26X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M36%R8V@L(#(P
3



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P

M;CH@=&]P)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M


#$P+B!4
M:&]S92!S:&%R97



M(`@(`@(`@(%EU86YS:&5N9W1A:2!I;B!*86YU87)Y(#(P,3`N($%S(&]F
M($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
#$R+`T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(!2=6EX:6YD





'0M


3!P=#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K)SXH:6EI*3PO9F]N
M=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


M5&AE(&%D=F%N8V4-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@:7



3!P=#L@8V]L
M;W(Z(&)L86-K)SXH:78I/]F;VYT/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M




Q+`R,#$R
M(&%N9`R

M

@3F5W(%)O



Q-C`[

M


38P.PT*(`T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('-T



M(`@(`F(S$V


#$Q#0H@

M96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`\


'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<CL@<&%D9&EN
M9RUL969T.B`Q

M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



Q-C`[#0H@#0H@

T0G8V]L






3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-B`@(`@#0H@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#

M/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

M86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL

M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@=&5X

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@

T0G=VED

S
W+#0R
PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

M86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E
M;G0Z(TQ

M8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@

M(`@(`F(S@R


Q

M;&4]
T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C





S0L
C0Y+#(S
BDG

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ





38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

M)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*


M($)L86-K(#(N-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N


#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X\8G(O/CQP





3
@86YD






T0G



M
S(U7S0Q-#9?.6$Y85\W.#`T
S-C86)A

M;G0]

2!R


\


]
T1R


T0G9F]N=#H@

MB`@#0H@(`@(`\8CXQ,2X@041604Y#15,@5$\@4U504$Q)15)3/]B/@T*


@9F]R#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M:6YV96YT;W)I97

N




M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



@


S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P
3$L


@82!M:6YI;6%L(')E





M
S(U7S0Q-#9?.6$Y85\W.#`T
S-C86)A

M;G0]

2!R



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M:6YG/3-$

M:61T:#H@
3`P)3L@9F]N=#H@


3!P=#L@=&5X=UI
M;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@

M8FQA8VL[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T



Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@

38P
M.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]





Q-C`[

M


M(`@(`@(!54R0-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@


M(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-

M/3-$

M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@


M





38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


T0G=VED=&@Z

34L-#8Q+#@W

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C

3!P=#L@=&5X=UI
M;F1E;G0Z(TQ

M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL



M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL






M
3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(!&





38P.PT*


Q-C`[

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@


M-#(-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@


M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R


'!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=C

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@

MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C:R`R+C5P

M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#
P+#@S.PR.3(-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M



M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9F0Y-#@W-&)?.#
R-5\T
30V7SEA
M.6%?-S@P-#
S8V%B83










]


T1T;W`^26YV97-T;65N='
@


04)
12U&3U(M4T%
13PO8CX-B`@#0H@
M(`@(`\8CY!3D0@24Y615-4345.5!!5!#3U-4/]B/@T*(`@#0H@(`@



T0G9F]N=#H@



M='
N)B



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`F(S$V
#L\:3Y
979E;`Q/]I/@T*(`@#0H@(`@

M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,CDN
M-W!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(!


T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M.B`P)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\:3Y
979E;`R/]I/@T*(`@#0H@(`@

M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,CDN-W!T)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(!



@9F]R('-I;6EL87(@
M87-S971S(&]R(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&EN(&%C=&EV92!M87)K971S.PT*(`T*




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M(#


@;W(@;&EA8FEL
M:71I97



@:7







M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S



M(`@(`@)B

M86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L
M9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(!&86ER
M)B
Q-C`[=F%L=64F(S$V


M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
'0M86QI9VXZ

M+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@($1E
M8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@

M.B!B;&%C:SL@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G9F]N


M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]


M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@4VEG;FEF:6-A;G0@)B
Q-C`[;W1H97(@;V)S
M97)V86)L92!I;G!U='
@*$QE=F5L)B
Q-C`[
BD-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@


M(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]




#LH3&5V96PF(S$V
#LS


MB`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@








M;&4]
T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@=&5X=UA
M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(!54R0-B`@(`-B`@(`@

M8FQA8VL[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S

M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M8VL[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/@T*

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@






S0L
M
C0Y+#(S

T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#
R)3L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG




T0G=VED=&@Z(#


MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@


M)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


M=#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SX-B`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@)B

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$R)3L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED
M)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#$Q-RPR
3`-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0G=VED=&@Z(#
E.R!C


M.R!W:61T:#H@


3(E
M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

CL-B`@#0H@(`@

MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V


M)B
X
C$R.PT*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@=&5X=UA;&EG

M(`@(8C


@+2`R
M

Q

M;&4]


2PQ

M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL

M(`@(`@)B

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K

38P.PT*(`T*


M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@

T0G

M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C.#(Q,CL-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T


T0G9F]N=#H@





S(U7S0Q
M-#9?.6$Y85\W.#`T
S-C86)A


T0G




M/3-$


]


T1T;W`^07-S971S($AE;&0@



MB`@(`@(#QB/C$U+B8C


#$Q








@87)E












]





2P@
C`Q
M
B!A;F0@
C`Q




M93L@=VED=&@Z(#$P


M

38P.PT*(`T*



M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`R,#$R#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

M(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@

M;VQD.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L
M86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@(!54R0-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M9VAT.B!B;VQD)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

M.B!B;VQD.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(%53
M)`T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C

C
T+#(T
M.2PR

@86YD('!L86YT#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@


M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
R4[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C

M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T

2PT
3D-B`-B`@(`@(`@




T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L


38P.PT*(`T*


M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


W#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T



L
3@Y#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@


M(`@(`@(`@3V9F:6-E(&5Q=6EP;65N=`T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-

M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@


M
RPY
S
L-30R#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@



M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B

T0G8V]L;W(Z







38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!C






Q-C`[#0H@#0H@

T0G8V]L
M;W(Z(&)L86-K)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@

M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#$T.2PW,S8L.3DP#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

#L-B`-B`@



Q

M;&4]

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@,34W+#4V.2PU-C0-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@





M=&EO;@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C:R`Q





C@L.#(Y+#DR-PT*(`-B`@(`@(`@



S0L
C0Y
M+#(S

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L
M86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ


38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

M(#(N-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

3$T+#DY



M9G0G/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C


38P





38P
M.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`-

T0G9F]N=#H@

M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\8CXH






#4L#0H@(`T*

RPY








3
L
#(Q+#@R
P@)#(V+#`U,BPS-C4@86YD(0T+#
R
M





2P@)#0W+#(S
2PU




2P@
C`Q
BP@
C`Q
2!A
M;F0@
C`Q


;V-A

S(U7S0Q-#9?.6$Y85\W.#`T
M
S-C86)A



]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO

M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]




'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



2P@
C`Q


T0P('-T

#`E
M.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O


'!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@+3$P








M='1O;3H@
7!T)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@




3!P=#L@=&5X=UI
M;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@

M8FQA8VL[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C







T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L



S0L
C0Y+#(S

T0G=VED=&@Z(#8P)3L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K

M:6YD96YT.B`M


T0G=VED=&@Z(#
E


M.B`Q)3L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V



M

M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*






Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-




T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

T0G8V]L;W(Z
M(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
M,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@

M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-

M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@








#L-B`-B`@



X



Q-C`[

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@


M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL


M
@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL

38P.PT*(`T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(#QT

M+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C
T+#(T.2PR

M(`-B`@(`@(`@(!4;W1A;`T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-





M+#@X-0T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=C;VQO

M(`@(`F(S$V

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@

3(-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@)B

M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M(#
Q+`R,#$R+`R


R
M-5\T
30V7SEA.6%?-S@P-#
S8V%B83

O4VAE970R
BYH


M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






]

T0Q/C$R($UO;G1H




T0G9F]N=#H@

M)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@/&(^,3@N($]42$52($E.5$%.1TE3$4@05-31513

M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



L(&YE=P@87,@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@,S$L(#(P,3(@
M86YD#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`R


M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*

M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@

MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&(^
C`Q
CPO8CX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@



M(`@(`F(S$V



M;VTZ($)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H
M=#H@8F]L9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`R
M,#$Q#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D





'!T.R!T97AT


M.B!B;&%C:SL@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

#L-B`-B`@


M;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@)B

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L

M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@





#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@

M;&4]

C




M86-K.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q

M;&4]

M(`@(`@)B

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA
M8VL@

M)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C.#(Q,CL-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M9G0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@

M

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C




M-7!T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D


M;VTZ($)L86-K(#(N-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L

M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@

@


C0@86YD#0H@(`T*(`@(`@)#(U-RPQ-C8L

M
T0G9F]N=#H@




R!A;F0@;FEL(&9O

2P@
C`Q
M
BP@
C`Q
2!A;F0@
C`Q

M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

R-5\T
30V7SEA.6%?-S@P-#
S8V%B83
V#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V9D.30X-S1B7S@S
C5?-#$T-E\Y

#0S

C
N:'1M;`T*0V]N



^


M1$E$



S$L(#(P
M



'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


3#PO8CX-

M97




M:6X@

M=&%X#0H@(`-B`@(`@(&1E9'5C=&EB;&4N#0H@(`-B`@(`\+W`^/&)R

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97







@9F]R('1H90T*

M+#
X-R!A;F0@)#$L-#


@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(L(#(P
3$@86YD(#(P
3`L#0H@
M#0H@(`@(!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN($%L;!G;V]D=VEL;!W87
@9G5L;'D@
M:6UP86ER960@87



#0S
V-A



]
T1R



]



\

T0G9F]N=#H@


@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD
M(#(P




M93L@=VED=&@Z(#$P


M



7!T('-O;&ED)SX-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#(P








'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^#0H@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H

Q
M-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8V]L

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@
M8F]L9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(!54R0-

MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

M
C




P@,C`Q,PT*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@






M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@

M:#H@



M8FQE('1O(&$@8F%N:R!I;B!04D




2PT-#`L-C8U(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R
M(#


#`E(&%N9!Q=6EC:R!R871I;PT*
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(!O9B!A=!L96%S=`U

#$S#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\


M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@

M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-


T0G8V]L;W(Z
M(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
M,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@


3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-B`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(!





Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T

@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@

M(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K

38P.PT*(`T*


M(`@(8C.#(Q
CL-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@






Q




M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@




M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O

C

S`E#0H@(`T*(`@(`@





M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S

M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`S+#(Q,PQ-S`-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T



3([#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@



M(#8N


#$S#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\

M+#`X-`T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K)SX-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*



M

M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@

M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C
T+#(T.2PR
M

'!T.R!T97AT

M('1O(&$@8F%N:R!I;B!04D




Q+`R,#$R+!P
M87EA8FQE(&]N($YO=F5M8F5R(#$X+`R,#$S(AI*0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@



Q-C`[#0H@

T0G

C4L-#(U#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-


#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@



Q-C`[#0H@

T0G

M9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

M+`R,#$S(AI*0T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@



Q

M;&4]

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,X,C$R.PT*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@


MB`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#4L(#(P
3
-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@



M+#(Q
PQ-S`-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@




6QE/3-$)V-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=<^#0H@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC


3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z
M(TQ

M;FL@:6X@4%)#+!B96%R:6YG(&EN=&5R97-T(&%T(#8N,3(E#0H@(`T*(`@




@

#$S#0H@



S8-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K

38P.PT*(`T*


M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S@R




3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ



M('1H86X@-S`E+!C=7)R96YT(')A=&EO(&]F(&%T(&QE87-T(#$P,4@86YD


L(&1U92!O;@T*(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@($1E8V5M8F5R(#
L(#(P
3

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@


M9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K)SX-




38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@




X
M
C$W.W
@;6%C:&EN97)Y(&%N9`T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(!A;B!U;F1E

M=!L96%S=`Q


C`Q

M(`@(`F(S$V

X


M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-


MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=C

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@/]T



3([#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@


M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V



M


3!P=#L@=&5X
M=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ






M97!A:60@;VX@075G=7-T(#

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@

T0G8V]L
M;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C.#(Q,CL-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@


MB`@(`@(`@(`S+#$W-RPV.#`-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@



M(&1E8G0M=&\M97%U:71Y(')A=&EO(&]F(&YO=`T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

30L(#(P


X
M
C$R.PT*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D

M






T0G8V]L
M;W(Z(&)L86-K)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@

M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C.#(Q
CL-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@



#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M(`@(`@(`W+#DT-PR

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L



C
L(#(P

38P.PT*(`T*


M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S@R




C
L.#
R+#8P
`T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@








M92!W:71H(&EN=&5R97-T(&]N#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@;6%T=7)I='DL


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\



MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=C


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\




C`Q
M

38P



M9VAT)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S@R




M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
BPU-#(L
30T#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C

M;&5F=#H@
3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K)SX-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*



M

M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@

M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@



M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@

M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C
T+#(T.2PR
M

M9&EN9RUL969T.B`Q


B!M:6QL:6]N#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`H)#,Q-RPU-38I
M(&%N9!C=7)R96YT(')A=&EO(&]F(&%T(&QE87-T(#$P

C`Q
M

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*

M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C.#(Q
CL-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@




M86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M0FQA8VL@




M(`@(`F(S$V

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@

PS-#4-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
BXU


38L


T0G

M9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`-B`@(`\+W1A8FQE/CQB


@3F5W(%)O;6%N






M(`@(`@(`@($]F9FEC97(L(%!R97-I9&5N=P@86YD($=E;F5R86P@36%N


C`Q
B!T;R!.;W9E



Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL


MB`@(`@(`@(!4:&4@;&]A;B!W87


3`L(#(P
3(@=&\@

#$S+@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\



M(`@(&9I;F%N8VEA;!C;W9E;F%N='
@;V8@=&AE(&%B;W9E(&QO86YS+@T*



R-5\T
30V7SEA.6%?-S@P-#
S8V%B
M83
V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V9D.30X-S1B7S@S
M

#0S

C4N



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]

:6%B



M(`@(`\8CXR
2X@04-#4E5%1!%6%!%3E-%4SPO8CX-B`-B`@(`\+W`^

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

M960@97AP96YS97
@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P
3$@



M9'1H.B`Q
#`E.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M;&5F=#H@
3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@


M8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#(P
3(-B`@(`@#0H@


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@



M8FQA8VL[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([

M;&%C:SL@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*

M96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@


T0G8V]L;W(Z

M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L
M86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@(!54R0-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M9VAT.B!B;VQD)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`\='(@


C




M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




24[(&-O;&]R.B!B

Q



T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K

38P.PT*(`T*




M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@


M
S(W+#(X

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

C
T
M+#(T.2PR

'!T






M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K)SX-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*



Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@



T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M






M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V


C@P
M#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL

38P.PT*(`T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(#QT

M+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C
T+#(T.2PR

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

M)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*


M($)L86-K(#(N-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N






Q

'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@






M97


M97


M
#L@06QL(&YO=&5S('=I;&P@;6%T=7)E#0H@#0H@(`@(!W:71H:6X@=&AR
M964@;6]N=&AS(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R+@T*(`T*(`@(#PO

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M/3-$

M:#H@
3`P)3L@9F]N=#H@



3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E
M;G0Z(TQ

M8VL[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX-



M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@



38P.PT*
M(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M

M#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*




Q-C`[#0H@

T0G



M;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

M



'!T



Q-C`[#0H@

T0G


S0-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@

M(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



T0G



'!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N


38P.PT*



M)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`Q
BPP
C4L
S$Q#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K

38P.PT*(`T*


M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


38P.PT*

M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C
T+#(T.2PR
S(I)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@



M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@1&5P;W-I='


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@

T0G8V]L
M;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@




Q-C`[#0H@

T0G

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


M
T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE



Q-C`[

M
T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@




Q

M;&4]




3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-


Q-C`[#0H@

T0G

M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#(V


MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=C

#L-B`-B`@

M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
3
W+#DS

38P.PT*(`T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(#QT





M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@-3
X+#`T

38P.PT*(`T*



M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S


M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B





#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M(`@(`@(`U,S(L-SDU#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@

M(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K

38P.PT*(`T*


6QE


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L





M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL



#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@



Q-C`[#0H@

T0G



3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z
M(TQ

@*&EI*0T*(`-B`@


M;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@



M(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S



2PX.#
-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^


M(#%P=#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

M97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B;&4[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@

MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B
M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B;&4[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C






M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P


6QE/3-$)V-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:R<^*&DI/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T




M(&%T=&%C:&5D#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@('=I=&@@=&AE(&9U;F1S+!T:&4@

@9G)O;2!T:&4@
M;&]C86P@0V]U;G1Y($9I;F%N8V4-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@1&5P87)T;65N


86YG9F%N9R!&

#$R#0H@(`-B`@




MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^











BX@061V86YC97
@9G)O;2!%;7!L;WEE97



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


BX@041604Y#15
@
M1E)/32!%35!
3UE%15






M-#@W-&)?.#
R-5\T
30V7SEA.6%?-S@P-#
S8V%B83

O
M4VAE970R-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N

]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@
M(#QB/C(S+B!%35!
3UE%12!14Y%1DE44R!005E!0DQ%/]B/@T*(`@(`-

'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@
M;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R

-B`@(`@#0H@





M969I='

M;7!A;GDF(S@R

M
PY-#4@86YD(0T+#DY
65E(&)E;F5F:71S(')E;&%T960@
M=&\@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R


3(X+#
S


M92!04D


M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y)SX-B`-B`@(`@($5F9F5C=&EV92!*86YU87)Y(#$L(#(P

M('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&5S=&%B;&ES:&5D#0H@(`T*(`@(`@=&AE)B
Q-C`[






M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







M(#
Q+`R,#$R+`T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@
C`Q
2!A;F0@
C`Q


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#

S(U7S0Q-#9?.6$Y85\W.#`T
S-C86)A
S8O5V]R:W-H


M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R


T0Q/C$R


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^





3TY'(%1%
M4DT@0D%.2R!

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(!


M(`T*(`@(`@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P


T0P('-T

#`E
M.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O


'!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@+3$P








M='1O;3H@
7!T)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@




3!P=#L@=&5X=UI
M;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@

M8FQA8VL[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C







T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L



S0L
C0Y+#(S

T0G=VED=&@Z(#8P)3L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K

M:6YD96YT.B`M


86YG


-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(&]R:6=I;F%L;'D@9'5E(&]N

RP@
C`Q
R!P


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


T0G=VED=&@Z

BPT
S
L




S4S+#DY-@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@

Q-C`[#0H@



M960@8GD@1V%N;F%N($9E:6AE)B
X
C$W.W

#$P(&%N9!W87,-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(&]R:6=I;F%L;'D@9'5E(&]N($1E8V5M8F5R(#(T+`R
M
#$U(X@5&AE(&UA='5R:71Y(&1A=&4-B`-B`@(`@(`@(!W87
@8VAA


38P


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O

MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V


L-3
U+#$V.0T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T

M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@

M
3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ

#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS



M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL

M(`@(`@)B

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H


#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C


3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z
M(TQ
'!T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(!

M;VX@;V8@;&]N9R!T97)M(&)A;FL@;&]A;G


#0L-#DW

M



Q-C`[

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@


M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL




M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA
M8VL@

M9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M0FQA8VL@

M(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S@R
3([#0H@(`T*(`@(`@

M8F]T=&]M.B`R+C5P=#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T



#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




]


]

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\8CXR

T0G9F]N=#H@
M



#M397%U;VEA)B
X
C(Q

M9'5R:6YG(#(P






B!M:6QL:6]N+B!4:&4@;&]A
M;G
@87)E(&EN=&5R97-T(&9R964-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(!W:71H(&%N(&EN





'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


















]
T1T



T1T;W`^
M1&5B=!A;F0@0V%P:71A;!
96%S97



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M87)G:6XZ(#`G/@T*(`-B`@(`@(#QB/C(V+B!#05!)5$%,($Q%05-%($]

M=F5M8F5R(#(P











@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
M
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M87)G:6XZ(#`G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@($UI;FEM=6T@9G5T=7)E(&QE87-E

M(`@($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R



M9'1H.B`Q
#`E.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


'!T.R!T97AT+6EN

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@








B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!C96YT97(G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@55,D#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@




4[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@


M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`R
#$S#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@



T0G=VED




'!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


M8VLG/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

M(`@(`@


M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R
M9V(H
C
T+#(T.2PR


'!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@+3$P

34-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K
M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

38P


M;&4]

M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N


3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z
M(TQ

T0G8V]L;W(Z

38P




M;&5F=#H@
3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ








M='

M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL



38P
M.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`-

M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C
T+#(T.2PR


'!T


MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=C

M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@)B

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED



M*0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


'!T.R!T97AT+6EN



M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B;&4[


M;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*

#L@=&5X


@-2XS
24N(%1H97)E('=A


C`Q

V(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R







\8G(^

]
T1R93X-




T0G=VED=&@Z(#@E.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS




@:6YC



M





M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#(P
3(-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\



38P




M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@








M;&4]
T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@=&5X=UA
M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(!54R0-B`@(`-B`@(`@

M8FQA8VL[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O

C

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*


Q-C`[#0H@

T0G

Q-C`[#0H@


M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
R4[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C

PQ.3$-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@

M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

7!T

M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@


24[




MB`@(`@(`@(!4;W1A;`T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@





#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@


M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B;&4[

M(S$V




#`E.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

M;&4]


7!T('-O;&ED)SX-
MB`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#(P
3(-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@



M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@

M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT








'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E


M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H
M=#H@8F]L9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(!5


T0G=F5R=&EC

M-#DL
C





M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V

M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@





'!T.R!T97AT+6EN


M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
R4[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C

M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T


M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@






S0L
C0Y+#(S

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T




RPX

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T

L-3DS#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-


M969T.B`R


M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S




M-3$L
S8S#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


Q-C`[#0H@

T0G
M8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@





S0L
C0Y+#(S

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@

3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z
M(TQ
'!T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(%1O=&%L#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K
M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

Q

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@


M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@


M(`@(`U-2PR-S8-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C

M-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-


M.B`R+C5P=#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@










M;'





T0G9F]N=#H@


2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q



T0G8F]R9&5R+6-O;&QA





7!T
M('-O;&ED)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#(P
3(-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@










M(&)O;&0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\



T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K

M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;VQS

B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG
M;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@55

M:'0Z(&)O;&0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`\='(@


C


R4G/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V


Q-C`[#0H@

T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#

38P

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V



M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R



M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(!


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\



MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=C

M(`@(`Y-2PS
S`-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@


M
C
T+#(T.2PR



M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@($QI=2!(=6$-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D






M($)L86-K(#(N-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\

C`L


M969T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-


#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL

M(#$Y-PW-3D-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@




2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q
2P@=&AE($=R
M;W5P(&AA9!T:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG#0H@(`-B`@(`@(&)A;&%N8V5S(&1U
M92!T;R!I='




#$R#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C


M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M8VL[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&)O

M(`R,#$Q#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@
M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(!54R0-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@


M;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX-B`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@55,D#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

T0G9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0G/@T*(`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@



M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SX-B`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B

T0G=VED=&@Z(#
E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@

T0G=VED=&@Z



96YG(%EO=2U:6X-B`@(`T*


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@0FQA8VL@

M(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@

M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@


M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V






Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@


38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO



M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C

M-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-


M.B`R+C5P=#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@




M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX-B`-B`@(`@($UR
M+B!,96YG(%EO=2U:6X@:7


M(`-B`@(`@(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
#$R+`R,#$Q(&%N9`R
M








#$R(&%N9`R,#$Q+!T:&4@




3`P
M)3L@9F]N=#H@



3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
M
'!T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-

M;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*


Q-C`[

M


38P.PT*(`T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('-T



M:6YD96YT.B`M


T0G8V]L;W(Z


M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M9VAT.B!B;VQD)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

B!S='EL



'!T.R!T97AT


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@







M)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`Q+#@Q-PY.#4-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!C




'!T.R!T








'!T



M(`@(`F(S$V

38P


M(`@(`F(S$V

38P
M.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`-










2PX-#(L-S4U

M


M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R
M.B!R9V(H
C
T+#(T.2PR

38P



38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

M(#(N-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H

M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*


#L-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@/]T86)L

@3F5W(%)O;6%N





M;G0Z(TQ,'!T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G8V]L;W(Z

M(`@(`@
C`Q
@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



7!T
M('-O;&ED)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#(P
3$-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@




M;&4]

M(`@(`@)B

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@(!54R0-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@

M)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V


M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(%53)`T*(`@(`T*

M;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(8C

M8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C
T+#(T.2PR
S(I)SX-



M;3H@
7!T)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!B

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@

T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$U)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!C;VQO

M(#
L.#`T#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!C;VQO


38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@

M)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@


38P.PT*


M(`@(`@)B



M(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D





T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3`P
M)3L@9F]N=#H@








'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

2P@
C`Q
BP@
C`Q
2!A;F0@
M
C`Q




M;F1E;G0Z(TQ,'!T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G8V]L

C`Q
@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!C;VQO



M
7!T('-O;&ED)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#(P


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L



M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M8VL[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&)O

M(`R,#$P#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@






T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K
M.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@(!54R0-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@

M.B!B;VQD)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@


M/3-$)V-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0G/@T*(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@

M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C
T+#(T.2PR
M

M.B`Q



T0G=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,R4[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@
M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@<FEG:'0G/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C.#(Q

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

M86-K)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&-O;&]R

M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$S)3L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

X
C$R.PT*(`-B`@(`@(`@


MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@
3








T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@



#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS



C`U+#@X
M


38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!C


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




M


M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T





38P



38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

M(#(N-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H




M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C

M;W1T;VTZ(#(N-7!T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@

38P.PT*(`T*




M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@




'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M86YD#0H@(`T*(`@(`@:7




S(U7S0Q
M-#9?.6$Y85\W.#`T
S-C86)A

Q+FAT;6P-


M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W

M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

CDN(%)E9&5E



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#






'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M(`T*(`@(`@26X@075G=7-T(#(P


C`[4W5B

M


M(&UI;&QI;VXN#0H@(`T*(`@(`@5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:7-S=65D(#4R-2PP
M


T0G8V]L;W(Z
M(&)L86-K)SXF(S$V




M(#$L(#(P

X

M9V=R96=A=&4@;V8-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`R+#8R-2PP




M
P@,C`Q,2P@4V5P=&5M8F5R(#,P+`T*(`-B`@(`@(#(P
3$L($1E8V5M
M8F5R(#

'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M
3$L('1H92!#;VUP86YY('!A:60@)#$V+C$@;6EL;&EO;B!T;R!397%U;VEA

M=&AE(')A=&4@;V8@
2XU)2!P97(@86YN=6TL(&-O;7!O=6YD960@86YN=6%L



3$L(&%S('1H92!F:7)S=`T*(`@#0H@(`@(!I;G-T
M86QL;65N=!P87EM96YT('1O(')E9&5E;2`V-38L


38N
R!M:6QL:6]N


M('-E8V]N9!I;G-T86QL;65N=!P87EM96YT('1O(')E9&5E;2`V-38L
C4P


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P



M870@=&AE(')A=&4@;V8@






C`Q






S(U
M7S0Q-#9?.6$Y85\W.#`T
S-C86)A

M


2!R;W=S


P+B!3:&%R92U87-E9!#;VUP96YS871I;VX\


]
T1R


T0G9F]N=#H@


@3F5W






M#0H@(`@(!);B`R

M9B`T
RPP



#L@



M;W(@=&AE('EE87(@
C`Q

M(`V,PP


C`Q
BX@0V]M




38P.SPO8CX-B`@(`-B`@(`\+W`^/&)R+SX\

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L




@='=O('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;@T*(`-B`@(`@('!L86YS.B!T:&4@
M,C`P.2!3=&]C:R!);F-E;G1I=F4@4&QA;B`H=&AE(8C.#(R
#LR
#`Y#0H@




T0G9F]N=#H@

M#0H@(`@(`\8CXH
2D@
C`P.2!3=&]C:R!);F-E;G1I=F4@4&QA;CPO8CX-

T0G9F]N=#H@





M=&]C:R!A=V%R9'

C`P.2!0;&%N
M(&ES(#(L
#`P+#`P



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


#DL('1H92!#;VUP96YS871I
M;VX@0V]M;6ET=&5E(&]F('1H92!;V%R9!O9@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@($1I




MB`@(`@('1R86YC:&5S(&]N('1H92!F;W5R=&@@86YD(&9I9G1H(&%N;FEV
M97)S87)I97
@;V8@=&AE(&1A=&4-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(!S=6-H(&]P=&EO
M;G



X
C$W.W
@
C`P.2P@
C`Q
!A;F0@
M,C`Q,2!F:7-C86P-B`@(`-B`@(`@('EE87)S+!A;F0@8V]N=&EN=65D

M97
@870@=&AE('1I;64@;V8-B`-B`@(`@('1H92!R96QE=F%N=!V97-T

M(`-B`@(`@(&YO=!M970L('1H92!S:&%R97
@=&AA=!W;W5L9!O=&AE

T0G9F]N=#H@







#DL(#(P
3`L#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M86YD(#(P

MB`@(`@('1H92!M;V1I9FEE9!A=V%R9!O=F5R('1H92!F86ER('9A;'5E

M(&)E9F]R92!I='
@=&5R;7


3`@
M86YD#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@,C`Q,2P@;F\@;W!T:6]N(')E8VEP:65N=!M


C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q
2P@


'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


C`P


M('1H92`Q






M;G
@:&%D(&%N(&5X97)C:7-E('!R:6-E(&]F(0R-RXV.2!A;F0@80T*(`@




@9F]R(&5A
M8V@@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R

#`Y+`T*(`@#0H@(`@(`R
M,#$P(&%N9`R



-B`-B`@
M(`@(&%T('1H92!T:6UE(&]F('1H92!R96QE=F%N=!V97-T:6YG(&1A=&5S

M879E#0H@(`T*(`@(`@=F5S=&5D(&]N('1H92!V97-T:6YG(&1A=&5S('=E

M=&AE(&]P=&EO;G
@9W)A;G1E9!W97)E#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(!F;W)F96ET

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M:')O=6=H($IU;'D@
S$L#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
C`Q



M5&AE(&]P=&EO;G







S
BPP

X
C$W.W
@8V]M

MB`@(`@(#(P

M;G

M;V8@)#@N


Q+`R,#$R+`R
#$S
M(&%N9`R,#$T+`T*(`@(`-B`@(`@('!R;W9I9&5D('1H870@=&AE(')E
M8VEP:65N=!H87


@=&\@8F4@


@97-T:6UA=&5D(&]N('1H92!D871E#0H@

@;W!T
M:6]N('9A;'5A=&EO;B!M;V1E;!T;R!B90T*(`@#0H@(`@(`D-BPV-#
L
M-3`T+!O9B!W:&EC:`D
BPP





S0L
C0Y+#(S















`T*
M(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS



3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z
M(TQ

M87)S*0T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*

T0G8V]L


#L-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`\='(@



3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
M

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@

T0G8V]L
M;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#(N-C`-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(4-B`@#0H@(`@(`@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


@96YD960@1&5C96UB
M97(@
S$L(#(P
3(L(#(P
3$@86YD(#(P

2PT
#4L

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

#`S(%-T


#
@4&QA;BP@=VAI

RPP
#`L

MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(!F;W(@:7-S=6%N8V4@=6YD97(@=&AE(%!L86XN(%1H


M;G

M('-T;V-K(&)O;G5S97

'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



#`S

M($]C=&]B97(@
34L(#(P
#@L(&%N(&]P=&EO;B!T;R!P=7)C:&%S92`X





#D@
M4&QA;B!A;F0@
C`P

Z#0H@


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

#L-B`-B`@

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0G


M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@


M(`@(`@(`@(%=E:6=H=&5D(&%V97)A9V4@9W)A;G0@9&%T92!F86ER('9A
M;'5E#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@



M#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!C;VQO



Q-C`[


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT



M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]

M+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@




7!T)SX-B`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@


3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E
M;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C

B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/@T*(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@

M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H
M=#H@8F]L9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(!5



M:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(%53)`T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@

M;&%C:SL@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


D#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@


M969T.B`Q



Q-C`[#0H@

T0G



B4[


M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@


38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

M86-K)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&-O;&]R

M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@


M(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@,34N.#0-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[

M(`@(`@)B


M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`W

M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T

M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#DE



M

M96YT.B`M




M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S


38P.PT*(`T*



M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S

M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`U+C(R#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@


M8FQA8VLG/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@

M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S

M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL




Q-C`[


M(`@(`F(S$V

X


M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-


T0G8V]L;W(Z

38P



M9VAT)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S@R


MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C


M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@



3([




T0G8V]L
M;W(Z(&)L86-K)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@


#L-B`-B`@




Q

M;&4]



T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K

38P.PT*(`T*


M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`Q-2XW-0T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`P+C$Y#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O

C


@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P


M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@



MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=C

#L-B`-B`@

M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@-2XS

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B

T0G8V]L;W(Z

38P


M(`@(`@(`@(#@N-C8-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*


M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T

M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N








M(`@(`F(S$V




M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@


M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B

T0G8V]L;W(Z

38P


M(`@(`@(`@(8C.#(Q
CL-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*


M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T

Q

M;&4]



T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L


M.B`Q


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@




M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@




M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R


Q-C`[
M#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B




M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V


M(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@



M.B!B;&%C:SL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA
M8VL@,7!T('-O;&ED)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@

T0G8V]L
M;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`H-#0P+#`P,`T*(`@


M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T


M(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`U+C

M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL

M(`@(`@)B

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H



MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@

X
C$R.PT*
M(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS



S0L
C0Y+#(S
BDG

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!P


M(`T*(`@(`@(`@($]U='-T86YD:6YG(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
M

M;&4]



M#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

#L-B`-B`@

M(`T+CDY#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@




M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D

M
T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@

M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O


3!P
M=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ

M8VLG/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@

M+C5P=!D;W5B;&4G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#(U,2PU,#`-B`@(`T*


M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*

Q-C`[

M
T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@

M:'0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#@N
S(-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K

38P.PT*(`T*


M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S@R




M92!I;G1R:6YS:6
@=F%L=65S(&]F(&]P=&EO;G
@870@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L
M(#(P
3(@86YD#0H@(`T*(`@(`@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3$@=V5R92!Z

BXU
2P-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(!R97-P96-T:79E;'DL('=E





2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q






M(`@(#QB/D]P=&EO;G,\+V(^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R

M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*
M(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^#0H@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(%53)`T*(`@

M)V-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(8C

M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C
T+#(T.2PR
S(I



T0G=VED=&@Z(#
E


M.B`Q)3L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

3
L
C0U#0H@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-
MB`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@($=R86YT960-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@



M+#
S
BPP

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@





T0G=F5R=&EC

M-#DL
C



M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@*#8S+#`P


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\



M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL



M





M
C
T+#(T.2PR

M



Q-C`[

M

M(`@(`@(`@,2PS-C(L,#`P#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@


M8FQA8VLG/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@

@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@

M(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO



M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
X


T0G8V]L;W(Z

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L



M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@


M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`H
C4Q+#4P

M(`@(`I#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
6QE/3-$)V-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=<^#0H@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V





M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*

M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(@S-38L


M(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


38P.PT*

M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C
T+#(T.2PR
S(I)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@





M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B;&4G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@



M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V


#$R+!T:&5R92!W87,@82!T
M;W1A;!O9B`D
2PX-3
L.3@X(&]F#0H@#0H@(`@(!U;G)E8V]G;FEZ960@

M#0H@(`@(!S:&%R92UB87-E9!C;VUP96YS871I;VX@9W)A;G1E9!U;F1E






'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3$L('1H90T*(`@#0H@(`@
M(!#;VUP86YY(&AA9`R






T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K)SYO=71S=&%N9&EN9SPO9F]N=#X@=V%R

@97AP:7)E9!O;@T*(`@#0H@(`@(!/8W1O8F5R(#0L(#(P
3(N



M8E\X
S(U7S0Q-#9?.6$Y85\W.#`T
S-C86)A

M=#



M97%U:78]


]


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
M

2X@4U1!

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


M;65N='











M
2P@
C`Q
BP@
C`Q
2!A;F0@
C`Q
P@=&AE($=R;W5P(&UA9&4-B`@#0H@

BPQ
S8L
S$X+`D,BPR,34L,S@Y
M(&%N9`D
BPR-S$L


R-5\T
30V7SEA.6%?-S@P-#
S8V%B83
V#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V9D.30X-S1B7S@S
C5?-#$T

#0S

S0N:'1M;`T*


M:G


M9#TS1$E$


3(@36]N=&AS($5N

S$L(#(P


S(N($-/34U)5$U%3E13($%.




@







T0G9F]N=#H@


2P@
C`Q
BP@
C`Q
2!A;F0@
M
C`Q
!A;6]U;G1E9!T;PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`D,SDY+#@P,P@)#0R
PP
M,C4@86YD(0T-S
L
S@Q+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN#0H@(`-B`@(`\+W`^

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


\+V(^#0H@


@



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E



@:6X@8V]N;F5C=&EO;B!W





@


N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(&ES('-E





M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y)SX-B`-B`@(`@($EN($]C=&]B97(@
C`Q
BP@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF
M(S@R


@0VAA:7)M86X@86YD
2!!
M<VEA+!);F
N#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@*8C.#(R
#M-4U!%028C.#(R
3LI



#M';VEN9R!0

X

96YG


M#0H@(`@(!C;VUP;&5T:6YG('1H92!A8W%U:7-I=&EO;BP@=&\@8F4@9FEN
M86YC960@=&AR;W5G:!A#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(!C;VUB:6YA=&EO;B!O9B!D





3LI('1O




M97(@
C`Q


M97)I=F%T:79E(&%C=&EO;G








;W

N(%-H87)E:&]L9&5R($QI=&EG871I;VX\+VD^+B!4


@86YD(&%I9&EN9R!A;F0@86)E




MB`@(`@($-O;7!A;GD@:7
@=6YA8FQE('1O('!R961I8W0@=&AE(&9I;F%L





#0S
M


]
M

T1)1#!%040^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT




#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R

]




T0G9F]N=#H@

#M-97)G97(@06=R965M96YT)B
X
C(Q.RD@=VET:`T*
M(`T*(`@(`@1&EA;6]N9!);F9A;G0@1F]R;75L82!(;VQD:6YG($QI;6ET
M960-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`H)B,X,C(P.TAO;&1C;R8C.#(R,3LI+!0;&%T

M#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@*8C.#(R
#M087)E;G0F(S@R
C$[*2P@86YD($EN

M

@86YD('-U












@=VEL;!B
M92!C86YC96QL960@9F]R(&YO(&-O;G-I9&5R871I;VX@870@=&AE#0H@(`@

N




S(U7S0Q-#9?.6$Y85\W.#`T
S-C86)A






]




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M='1O;3H@

M='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\8CY$

38P.S

M=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SX-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&(^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V,#LS,2P@,C`Q,3PO8CX-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=C


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO







M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@

B!S

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[(&)A8VMG

S0L
C0Y+#(S

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T


\+V(^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K)SX-

M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-

M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M(`@(`F(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-



M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@



'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@



Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!C


M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS




T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P




M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-

M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@



3([




3!P=#L@=&5X=UI
M;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@($]T:&5R(')E8V5I=F%B
M;&5S#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R



Q-C`[#0H@

T0G

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O



38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!C


#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@






3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
M


T0G

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B

T0G8V]L;W(Z

38P


M(`@(`@(`@(#0Y.PQ-C0-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-


#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@

M;&4]



Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^


M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL

M

M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C
T+#(T.2PR
S(I)SX-B`@(`-


'!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@+3$P

M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@)B


M(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO


M.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@

M;&4]


3!P=#L@
M=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ




M/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT

M(`@(`F(S$V

M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O

C





38P.PT*


Q-C`[

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@



6QE/3-$)V-O
M;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@<&%D9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#%P=<^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@





T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@



38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@




M;&4]

M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@


M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@


C0W+#(U-RPR.#8-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@




Q-C`[
M#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B




M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@

38P.PT*(`T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`-B`@(`@




#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@

M9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@/]T

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C


M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B


M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@

T0G=&5X

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@

T0G=&5X

MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R

M=#H@
3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D

#`-

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@


M/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT


T0G
M8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO



Q-C`[#0H@

T0G

M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#DS


MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=C

#L-B`-B`@

M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@-#0R+#8P

38P.PT*(`T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(#QT




M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K)SX-B`@(`@#0H@






3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ





#L-B`-B`@



Q

M;&4]


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L



M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(%)E9&5E;6%B;&4@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(A54R0P
M+C`P,2!P87(@=F%L=64L(&YI;!A;F0-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#$L
S$R
M+#4P


2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q




Q-C`[#0H@

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R





M#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

M/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#,R+#8Y-BPV-3@-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M
6QE/3-$)V-O;&]R.B!B;&%C

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@


6QE/3-$)V-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=<^
M#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

3(L
C`U#0H@

T0G
M8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO


M;G0Z(TQ,'!T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S


38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*





M8B@R
S0L
C0Y+#(S

T0G
M8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C


BPQ
M.3
L-3`T#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-

M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@




M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C



M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C


M
BPV
#4-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C


M-RPQ-#(-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-





6QE/3-$)V-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=<^#0H@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V


M(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K

M;&4]



M


M:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V


BPX
#
L
M

M;&4]

M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N

C

#L-B`-B`@





Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L
M86-K.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T


M


M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@





#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@

M(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@

M.B`M

F(S@R




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
M

M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C




T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@
7!T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T


38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

M



M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@


M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@


MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

38P
M.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`-

M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C
T+#(T.2PR



3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(%1O=&%L(&QI86)I;&ET:65S+!R961E96UA8FQE(&-O
M;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!A;F0@97%U:71Y#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=C;VQO


MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=C

M.B!;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B;&4G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#(W-BPT
M-C$L-3DV#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


Q-C`[#0H@

T0G
M8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@






Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@



!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8V]L

3`P)3L@9F]N=#H@.7!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M

T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]B/CPO9F]N=#X-
MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL




2P\
M+V(^/]F;VYT/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N


M/CQB/B8C

38P.SPO8CX\

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

#L\+V(^/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]B/CPO9F]N=#X-
MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;VQS






38P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@




M=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

T0G9F]N=#H@


B!S='EL




M
38P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*




MB`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V(^/]F;VYT/@T*
M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^#0H@(`-B`@


T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]B/CPO9F]N=#X-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C









'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^#0H@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@



M(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O
M;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^





M;FES=')A=&EV93PO9F]N=#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*

38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D

RPP
#D\

M
T0G9F]N=#H@







T0G9F]N=#H@


M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N



M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


M;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



@






\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M


T0G9F]N=#H@


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@


M5&EM97





M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@





T0G9F]N=#H@

M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`\





@3F5W(%)O;6%N





T0G
M9F]N=#H@

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@


T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@



M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@


M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@

@3F5W(%)O






T0G
M9F]N=#H@

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

CDL

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97



38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO


T0G9F]N=#H@
M


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O
M;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^


38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^

T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*
M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL


M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D

M4V5R:68G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@



T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*
M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL




M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-
MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@

M4V5R:68G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@











I.CPO9F]N=#X-B`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@


M.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\


T0G9F]N=#H@







38P



T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@




M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


38P




W!T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SX-B`@#0H@



M97


3
\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E



M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M






@3F5W(%)O

38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT



M/BD\+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@/]T



'!E;G-E<SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0@

T0G9F]N=#H@


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@




MB`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M/B8C



M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

38P



T0G9F]N=#H@







M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S


M;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\


38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S




M;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R

M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@







T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


T0G9F]N=#H@
M

X.PX,38\
M+V9O;G0^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

7!T)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0@

T0G9F]N=#H@


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C


38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@0FQA8VL@

@3F5W



'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@















M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL

@

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G
M9F]N=#H@

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@

@3F5W






M;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

30S
M+#(V.3PO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@


T0G9F]N=#H@

M







38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P





M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^


38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0@

T0G9F]N=#H@


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@



MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^
M#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@


M
T0G9F]N=#H@





T0G9F]N
M=#H@

Q-C`[


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


C4L-C4Q+#$S.3PO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@





38P.SPO9F]N=#X-

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L



M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SX-B`@


MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B

M5&EM97

M
PV,#(\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@
'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^
'0M:6YD96YT.B`M
M.XV-7!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#@N-C5P=<^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

M;W-S*3PO9F]N=#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@

M;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

C$L
38R
M+#
P
3PO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@


T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@






'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

BPY






M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R

RPX
M-S$\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@




T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@



M.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\

38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@



T0G9F]N=#H@





M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-

M;&4]

M.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


MB`@(`@(`@(!O9B!R961E96UA8FQE(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:SPO9F]N=#X-

M;&4]



M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!


T0G9F]N=#H@

2PP
S
L-S


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(S$V




M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@





M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@








T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

C$L
38R+#
P
3PO
M9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\



T0G9F]N=#H@
M



T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@

M)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXH
2PX.30L
#8P/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


T0G9F]N=#H@

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z
M(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@


M4V5R:68G/B@Q


M4V5R:68G/BD\+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@



T0G
M9F]N=#H@

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@


T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@



M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@

38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\


T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@











38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\



3!P=#L@8V]L;W(Z


T0G9F]N=#H@

C$L
38R+#
P
3PO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO




3!P=#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

T0G9F]N=#H@



38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@

T0G9F]N

'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

BPX
#$L-#DV/]F;VYT
M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S


M+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@


MB`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S



3!P=#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\







M;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

Q-C`[

M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@



M;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@


T0G9F]N
M=#H@

Q-C`[

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



'!T.R!C

3!P=#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K






38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@

T0G

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G9F]N=#H@




M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M)B
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P



M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(S$V



T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`\='(@


C



M=#H@

W!T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M9V4-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(&EN(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@879A:6QA8FQE






'!T

M.B`Q

'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





@



M/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL



M;&4]

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*
M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL


M/B8C


'!T.R!C;VQO

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P




T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S


3!P=#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-

T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M

MB`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3([/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4

38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@0FQA8VL@


M4V5R:68G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA
M8VL@





T0G

M;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT






3!P=#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L
M86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S


C
T
M+#(T.2PR


M93PO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@

3!P=#L@

M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97









T0G9F]N=#H@


M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SX-

M97


T0G9F]N=#H@



3!P=#L@8V]L;W(Z

3!P=#L@
M8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@

@3F5W(%)O







M5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@

M;&4]


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



N/]F;VYT/@T*(`@#0H@

T0G9F]N




38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P


S(\

M.B`Q

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N
M=#H@

Q-C`[

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

Q-C`[

M.B`Q

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N
M=#H@

Q-C`[

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

Q-C`[



M861D:6YG/3-$

M97




Q-C`[

'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<CL@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
M,7!T('-O;&ED)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(!&;W(F(S$V,#MT:&4F(S$V
M,#MY96%R<R8C,38P.V5N9&5D)B,Q-C`[1&5C96UB97(F(S$V,#LS,2P-B`@






#L-

M/3-$


M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K

M
C`Q
0T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




7!T('-O;&ED
M)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#(P
3`-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^



M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C

T0G


M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H
M=#H@8F]L9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(!5



M:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(%53)`T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@

M;&%C:SL@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


D#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@


'!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L


M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@)B


M(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO


M.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@

M;&4]


M;&5F=#H@
3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ

M(&)L86-K)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&-O

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$S)3L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L

C$L
38R+#
P

M.B`Q)3L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V





M(`@*0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@

M

M(`@(`@(@Y+#4X,RPX-S$-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@

M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N

C


M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@


M9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q

M;&4]

Q

M;&4]

M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O



C!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ


M:61I87)I97
-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@



2PQ


Q

M;&4]


T0G8V]L;W(Z

M

M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@




S0L
C0Y+#(S
BDG/@T*(`@(`T*(`@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




Q-C`[#0H@#0H@

T0G8V]L

M(`@,BPS-C0L,#`T#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@


M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V






Q-C`[#0H@#0H@

T0G8V]L

M(`@,BPU.3DL-C0V#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@



M#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[

M

Q-C`[

M

M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V


38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

38P.PT*(`T*



M
T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE


M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL

M



M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V



Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO



T0G8V]L
M;W(Z(&)L86-K)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@

M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C.#(Q
CL-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@



#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS






Q-C`[#0H@#0H@

T0G8V]L


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*


'!T.R!T97AT+6EN


M#0H@(`@(`@(`@;W1H97(@87-S971S#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-

M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@


M)B
X



T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\

M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L


T0G8V]L
M;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^





T0G8V]L;W(Z

M

M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@*0T*(`-B`@(`@

M8FQA8VLG/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@



M


C!P=#L@=&5X
M=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@($EN8W)E87-E(&EN
M(&%C8W)U960@97AP96YS97


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K




M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*

X

Q-C`[

M
T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@

M:'0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#DU-BPQ
34-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C

C



M;G0-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL

M(`@(`@)B

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H



Q-C`[#0H@

T0G

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@*0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T

M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@





#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@

L-#`P

MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V


M9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T

M(`@(`@)B

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@



M=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C
T+#(T.2PR


'!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

6QE/3-$)V-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@




M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@


M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`Q
#4L


M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-


T0G8V]L;W(Z
M(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
M,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@


'!T.R!T97AT+6EN

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@
7!T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T


38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V




38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!C

M(`H,2PR-30L,30T#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@




Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O

M(`@(`@(`V+#,X,PR


M8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V







M;VTZ($)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@




T0G=F5R



Q-C`[
M#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B




M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@

38P.PT*(`T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@





S0L
C0Y+#(S
M

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K

M(`@(!#87-H(&9L;W=S(&9R;VT@9FEN86YC:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97
Z#0H@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V


M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@





#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@

6QE/3-$)V-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=<^#0H@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
6QE/3-$)V-O;&]R.B!B
M;&%C:SL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=<^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL

M(`@(`@)B

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H



Q-C`[#0H@

T0G

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B


38P.PT*(`T*


M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`R-2PX-3(L.34Q#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T



RPS-CDL-C(W#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@


MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S@R


M(`-B`@(`@(`@(!2961E;7!T:6]N(&]F(')E9&5E;6%B;&4@8V]M;6]N
M('-T;V-K#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

M(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA
M8VL@

M)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`H,S(L-CDV+#8U.`T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@
7!T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`I#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@



T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

M

C



#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS







M.#8L

38P.PT*


M(`@(`@)B

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@


M(`@(`@(#DV+#`P
`T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@

M



3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
M
'!T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

38P


M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C


M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B


M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@

T0G=&5X

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@

T0G=&5X

MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R

C




M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C




M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@


'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@)B

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@




T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M:6YD96YT.B`M



M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S




M-#DT+#
T


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O

M(`@(`@(`V-PV

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C

M=!S;VQI9#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
M


7!T

M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@



M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@


M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*







3(-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*

M(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^


T0G9F]N=#H@



@87


M;B!I='

M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9F0Y-#@W-&)?.#
R-5\T
30V7SEA.6%?-S@P-#
S8V%B
M83

O4VAE970S-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7


T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]



3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P




'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@3F5W




X


]

]
M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M871E;65N='

N




M9@T*(`T*(`@(`@;V8@=&AE('9O=&EN9R!R:6=H='

M8V4@86YD(&5F9F5C=!O9B!P;W1E;G1I86P-B`-B`@(`@('9O=&EN9R!R
M:6=H='



M960@9G)O;2!T:&4-B`@#0H@(`@(!D871E(&]N('=H:6-H(&-O;G1R;VP@
M:7,@=')A;G-F97)R960@=&\@=&AE($=R;W5P+B!4:&5Y(&%R90T*(`T*(`@







@

M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


2P@
C`P







@87





M(&]F#0H@(`T*(`@(`@=&AE(&ED96YT:69I86)L92!N970@87-S971S(&%C



M9W
@87

M;CH@


#D@=&AE


]
T1R;SX-

@4&]L:6-Y



T0G9F]N=#H@


@:7

#M54R0F(S@R



@;V8@;W!E

M(`@*8C.#(R
#M296YM:6YB:28C.#(R
3L@;W(@)B
X
C(P.U)-0B8C.#(R
M



M=!T:&4@;6%R:V5T(')A=&4@;V8-B`-B`@(`@(&5X8VAA;F=E(&EN(&5F






M;2!T:&4@=')A;G-L871I;VX@;V8@=&AE#0H@(`-B`@(`@(&9I;F%N8VEA
M;!S=&%T96UE;G1S(&EN=&\@55



M;G


T1T




@86YD


@
M;W(-B`-B`@(`@(&]T:&5R(&9I;F%N8VEA;!I;G-T:71U=&EO;G
L('=H



@4F5C96EV86)L92P@








F(S@R

M#0H@(`@(!I;B!T:&4@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@;F5T(&]F(&%N


M:6YG('1H90T*(`T*(`@(`@;&5N9W1H(&]F('1I;64@=&AE(')E8V5I=F%B
M;&4@:7


X
C$W
M.W

@;V9F


M(&-R961I=&5D('1O('1H92!A;&QO=V%N8V4@9F]R(&1O=6)T9G5L(&%C8V]U

M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M82!B86YK(&EN('1H92!04D






]
T1P


T0G9F]N=#H@
M



M86QU92X@5&AE('9A;'5E(&]F(&EN=F5N=&]R:65S(&ES(&1E=&5R;6EN960@






'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






MB`@(`@(0S-3DL.34W(&%N9`D
SDR+#


T1T

]



M8W5R:71I97

@879A:6QA8FQE+69O

#L@=&5X


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^26YV97-T;65N=P@4&]L:6-Y(%M0;VQI8WD@5&5X=!;&]C:UT\

M;CH@

'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



@86X@:6YV97-T;65N=!I;B!A#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@




C`Q
2X\+W`^











M;CH@


@97-T:6UA=&5D(&9A:7(@=F%L=64L(&QE



]
T1R93X-












M5&EM97

@













T0G9F]N=#H@



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

M(`@(`@06QL(&QA;F1S(&EN('1H92!04D
@87)E('-T871E+6]W;F5D(&%N







]







M960@=7-E9G5L(&QI=F5S(&]F(&]N90T*(`T*(`@(`@86YD(#0N-R!Y96%R


M;V8@3&]N9RU
'0@0FQO
M8VM=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\<!S='EL93TS









M26X@8V%S97

M(')E8V]G;FEZ960@97%U86P@=&\@86X@86UO=6YT(&)Y('=H:6-H#0H@(`T*

@=&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L



M(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R+`R
#$Q#0H@#0H@(`@(!A;F0@
M
C`Q

]










M(`@#0H@(`@(!C:7)C=6US=&%N8V5S(&EN9&EC871E('1H870@:70@;6EG
M:'0@8F4@:6UP86ER960N($%T('1H92!E;F0-B`@#0H@(`@(!O9B!E86-H













M9'=I;&P@:7
@=W)I='1E;B!D;W=N(&)Y(&%N(&%M;W5N=`T*(`@(`-B`@
M(`@(&5Q=6%L('1O('-U8V@@97AC97-S+B!);7!A:7)M96YT(&]F(&=O;V1W

M-RPP
#4@:6X@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R+`T*
M(`@#0H@(`@(`R


T1T;W`^
M0W5S=&]M97(@061V86YC97


M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





]





M#0H@#0H@(`@(!&:6YA;F-I86P@:6YS=')U;65N='
@:6YC;'5D92!C87-H



M;&4L(&%M;W5N='



T0G9F]N=#H@



M='

@:71S(&9A:7(@


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5V96YU92!296-O9VYI=&EO;BP@
M4&]L:6-Y(%M0;VQI8WD@5&5X=!;&]C:UT\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]

@3F5W


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M;V1S+!N970@;V8@82!V86QU92UA9&1E9!T87@-B`@(`T*(`@(`@*8C
M.#(R
#M6050F(S@R
C$[*2P@:7



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E





2P@
C`Q
BP@
C`Q
2!A;F0@
C`Q




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]S=!O9B!386QE



@3F5W(%)O






M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@







L-3

M(`@(`@97AP96YS97
@9G)O;2!C;VYT:6YU:6YG(&]P97)A=&EO;G
@86UO

PT-34L,S,R
M(&%N9`D
C(L
#(R+#8W

M8F5R#0H@#0H@(`@(`R
#$R+`R,#$Q(&%N9`R


M96YS97

M(`T*(`@(`@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(L(#(P
3$@86YD(#(P
3`N#0H@

M97





@:6X@



BPP.#


M
#$R+`R,#$Q(&%N9`T*(`@#0H@(`@(`R



@96YD960@
M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(L(#(P
3$@86YD(#(P


T1T;W`^4')O9'5C


#L@


L('=H97)E8GD@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@

-B`-B`@(`@(#8P-2TU,TT-2P@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@

@8GD@=&AE(&%M;W5N=!P86ED#0H@#0H@(`@

#$R+`R,#$Q(&%N9`R
#$P

PS
M,#4L(&%N9`D
CDL
S0V+#@U-RP-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(!R97-P96-T:79E


M9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R+`R

]
M

M4&QA;G
@4&]L:6-Y(%M0;VQI8WD@5&5X=!;&]C:UT\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@




M86YT('5S:6YG('1H92!;&%C:RU38VAO;&5S(&UO9&5L+!W:&EC:`T*(`T*

@87-S=6UP=&EO;G
@9F]R(&1I=FED96YD('EI96QD







M92!V97-T:6YG(&-O;F1I=&EO;G



@=&AE

M:6=N:69I8V%N=!F86-T;W)S(&%F9F5C=&EN9R!T:&4-B`-B`@(`@(&9A



M




N($-H86YG97



@


M9'
@:7


RPQ.3`@;W!T:6]N

C`P.2!A;F0@
2PS
S(L
#`P
M(&]P=&EO;G
@9W)A;G1E9!I;B!*=6QY(#(P,3$@=&AA=!W97)E('1O#0H@


3`L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E

@

BXT#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(!M:6QL:6]N+`D
M




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M97
@9FEN97







T1T;W`^1V]V97)N;65N=!3=6)S:61Y+!0





@9&5F97)R960@:6YC;VUE('=H96X@=&AE









@9&5F97)R960@:6YC;VUE
M+!A;F0@87)E(')E8V]G;FEZ960@87,@;W1H97(-B`@(`T*(`@(`@:6YC


M(&9R;VT@=&AE(&QO8V%L(&=O=F5R;FUE;G0@875T:&]R:71I97

@




M(`@(`@:6X@2&5I;&]N9VII86YG(%!R;W9I;F-E(&EN('1H92!04D
L(&YA

@87


@





T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$P


M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-4G/@T*(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S@R


@;V8@-#`E(&]F(%9!

@
C`P.2!T;R`R
#$S#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

M(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V


M(&AO;&ED87D@9'5R:6YG('1H92!Y96%R#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@96YD960@
M1&5C96UB97(@,S$L(#(P,#DN($=A;FYA;B!&96EH92!R96-E:79E9!T87@-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@(!R969U;F1S(&]F(#$P,4@;V8@5D%4('!A:60@86YD

M97

M8V%L#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(!T87@@875T:&]R:71I97,@9'5R:6YG('1H
M92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
#$R+`T*(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`R,#$Q(&%N9`R
#$P+@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@





3`L-#
U+#(Y
2P@)#DL
C`U+#$U-R!A



M(&]P97)A=&EO;G


2P@
C`Q
BP@
C`Q
0T*
M(`T*(`@(`@86YD(#(P


T0G9F]N=#H@

M:69Y)SX-B`-B`@(`@($%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R

R

2PP
S





'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G9F]N=#H@


M(&]R(&]P97)A=&EN9R!L96%S97

















@;V8@









@;V8@=&AE(&1E


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



C`[26YC;VUE(%1A

X
C(Q.PT*(`@#0H@(`@(!E9F9E8W1I=F4@07!R:6P@,2P@,C`P
M-RX@26X@86-C;W)D86YC92!W:71H($%30R`W-#`M,3`L('1H90T*(`T*(`@




2!A<W-O8VEA=&5D#0H@

@:7
@






M96YA;'1I97


#L-B`@(`@#0H@(`@/]P

T0G9F]N=#H@






@:6X@




M;R!.;W1E(#4@:6X@=&AE(&YO=&5S('1O('1H92!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@9FEN

M(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W


'0^/'`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G
M9F]N=#H@




M;'5D97
@;F5T#0H@(`-B`@(`@(&EN8V]M92P@=6YR96%L:7IE9!G86EN


M9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(!H879E(&)E96X@



Q-C`[
2P@
C`Q
BX\+W`^/'-P86X^


M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97














@;6%Y('-H87)E(&EN8V]M92!F;W(@=&AE

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M(')E9FQE8W1S('1H90T*(`-B`@(`@('!O=&5N=&EA;!D:6QU=&EO;B!T
M:&%T(&-O=6QD(&]C8W5R(&EF('-E8W5R:71I97
@;W(@;W1H97(-B`@(`@



M;B!S:&%R97


M;65T:&]D+B!4:&4@9&EL=71I=F4@969F96-T(&]F#0H@(`T*(`@(`@8V]N




T0G9F]N=#H@






M+B!);B!/8W1O8F5R(#(P
3$L('1H90T*(`@(`-B`@(`@($-O;7!A;GD@


@=&AE($=R;W5P




M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


\+V(^



@86YD(&QI86)I





N($%C='5A;!R97-U;'1S(&-O=6QD#0H@#0H@(`@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M=&EO;G


@86YD(&QI86)I
M;&ET:65S(&%R92!A;&QO=V%N8V4@9F]R(&1O=6)T9G5L(&%C8V]U;G1S(&]N














M)B
X
C(Q.RD@:7-S=65D#0H@(`T*(`@(`@86X@=7!D871E(')E9V%R9&EN



@8GD@=&AE($9!4T(@86YD($EN=&5R;F%T:6]N86P@06-C
M;W5N=&EN9R!3=&%N9&%R9'
-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(!;V%R9!T;R!D979E




@:6X@55

M(`@(!A;F0@;6%K97






T0G=VED=&@Z(#0E.R!C;VQO


M:6=N.B!T;W`[('=I9'1H.B`T)3L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K)SX-B`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@)B
X
C(V.PT*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!W:61T:#H@


@9F]R(&YO;F9I;F%N8VEA

CMT:&4@9W5I9&%N8V4@



M='
N/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO


M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@


M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ('1O

-

@:6X@



@86X@97AC


M(`@(`@(`@(&%N9!F:6YA;F-I86P@;&EA8FEL:71I97




M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@



@;W(@9&ES


@;W(@


X
M
C$W.W









T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L

#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS



M(`@(`@(8C.#(R-CL-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@



M)B
X

M97




MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@


M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@




X
C$R.W1H90T*(`T*





#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!W:61T:#H@




M92!I;G!U='

@86YD('!R;V-E9'5R97
L(&%S
M('=E;&P@87







M:2D-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@





M
T0G9F]N=#H@


M86YD(&ES(&5F9F5C=&EV90T*(`T*(`@(`@9F]R(&EN=&5R:6T@86YD(&%N




M(&YO=!P97)M:71T960N(%1H92!A9&]P=&EO;@T*(`@#0H@(`@(!O9B!T

M9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@





@96YT:71I97

@969F


@=VET:&EN('1H;W-E('EE87)S+`T*(`@(`-B`@(`@

C`Q
2X@16%R;'D@861O



M97(@
C`Q















@;W5T(&]F(&%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&]T:&5R



M;F4-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`R

M:7

38P.S$L#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`R
M,#$R(&%N9!H87
























M


-B`-B`@(`@('!R97-E;G1E9X@5&AE(&%D;W!T:6]N
M(&]F('1H:7


M.#(Q-SMS(&-O;G-O;&ED871E9`T*(`-B`@(`@(&9I;F%N8VEA;!S=&%T

C`Q
M

M9R!F;W(-B`@(`T*(`@(`@:6UP86ER;65N=!O9B!I;F1E9FEN:71E(&QI
M=F5D(&EN=&%N9VEB;&5S(&]T:&5R('1H86X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(!G;V]D







M#0H@(`@(!C86QC=6QA=&4@=&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@86X@:6YD969I
M;FET92UL:79E9!I;G1A;F=I8FQE#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@87-S970@=6YL








@9F]R('1H92!M;W-T(')E8V5N
M=!A;FYU86P@;W(@:6YT97)I;2!P97)I;V0@:&%V90T*(`-B`@(`@(&YO



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


C`Q
RP@=&AE($9!4T(@:7-S

M96YS:79E(&EN8V]M92X@5&AE(&]B:F5C=&EV92!O9B!T:&ES('5P9&%T92!I




M9FEC871I;VYS(&]U=!O9@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@86-C=6UU;&%T960@;W1H


M971Y('1O#0H@(`T*(`@(`@;F5T(&EN8V]M92X@1F]R(&]T:&5R(&%M;W5N
M='




M=6YD97(@55
@1T%!4!T:&%T#0H@(`-B`@(`@('!R;W9I9&4@861D:71I










T0G9F]N=#H@
M




@

N(%1H92!A



@=6YD97(@4%)#(&QA=W
@86YD
M(')E9W5L871I;VYS+!T:&4@4%)##0H@(`@#0H@(`@(!S=6)S:61I87)I
M97
@86YD(&%F9FEL:6%T97




@;W(@861V86YC97
N


M9F0Y-#@W-&)?.#
R-5\T
30V7SEA.6%?-S@P-#
S8V%B83
V#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V9D.30X-S1B7S@S
C5?-#$T-E\Y83EA

#0S

S@N:'1M;`T*0V]N=&5N



^+RH@


M

]

T0Q


#`Y/&)R/CPO

]



M;&4]

C

M:61T:#H@-C

M;G0-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#


M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,B4G/@T*(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`S
PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@






M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@
30-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@






M)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(!-;W1O


M(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#@-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^








]


]





T0G8F]R9&5R+6-O



M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S


M;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`R
#$R#0H@



7!T('-O;&ED)SX-B`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`R




7!T('-O
M;&ED)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`R
#$P#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O



M/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@



M(`@(%53)`T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@


#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@

B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L
M9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@55
D#0H@

M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL

M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E

38P.PT*(`T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(#QT

M+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C
T+#(T.2PR
'0M:6YD96YT.B`M,3!P=<^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@($-U


M:'0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL

M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@


M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#
E)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@


M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M

M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@,R4G/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@

3

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$S



M(`@(`@(`@(D-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@


S0L
C0Y+#(S
BDG


M

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*

M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@


38P.PT*(`T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@


M(`@(`@(`@-PR-#$-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@










M/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`T+#@P,PR
SD-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO








M/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`Q+#@W.PQ.#$-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO



M(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^


3!P=#L@
M=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@


MB`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@


M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C


M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
2PV
3`L-#4S#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D


M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!7


3!P

M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V

M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D




M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*






MB`@(`@(`@(`Q-C4L-#8S#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@





M

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*

3([#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*


X
C$R.PT*
M(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C.#(Q
CL-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@



S0L
M
C0Y+#(S



'!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N


MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V


RPV
'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@
7!T)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@

M(`@(`F(S$V






M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ

38P.PT*(`T*


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@0FQA8VL@

M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S

M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@


Q-C`[

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@



MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@


M(`@(`@)B

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@




]
T1R


3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
M
'!T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L

Q-C`[



M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`R,#$R#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

M(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=F

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@





Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0G


M;VQD)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-


M:61T:#H@-#8E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#$P




T0G=VED=&@Z(#
E)SX-B`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L


T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M)0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@
R4G/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@

M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S

M(`@(`@(`@(#,T#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`E#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@


M#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*





'!T.R!T97AT

M(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R



M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P


3$N
M-#D-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`E#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@

S+C



3!P



MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@

M(`@(`@(`@(@Q
XT-PT*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-



CDN.38-B`@#0H@(`@



M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O


3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z
M(TQ
'!T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(!%9F9E8W0@;V8@=&%X(&AO;&ED

M(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@

2XQ.0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`E*0T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO




M+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T




M;&5F=#H@
3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(!#:&%N9V4@:6X@9&5F97)R960@=&%X#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL


M;&4]

M(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V



M(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@

M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L





M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL

M
2XP
0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`E
M*0T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B


M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B


M(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@




30N-S


M+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C
T+#(T.2PR

M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@


M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`P+C(R#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@




MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B


M(`@(`P+C`S#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@
'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`E#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G
M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`E#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@



'!T.R!T

MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B


M/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`E#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-

M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@


M-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@


M(`@(`@(`@)0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\

]


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


'!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


M;VQD.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#(P
3(-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@



MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V



M='1O;3H@

M(#(P
3`-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\





Q-C`[

M


T0G9F]N=UW96EG
M:'0Z(&)O;&0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E

38P.PT*(`T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('-T

M/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(!54R0-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

M#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G9F]N

M(`@(`@(%53)`T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

'!T.R!T97AT+6EN


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$S)3L@=&5X

BPX
C4L-S
U#0H@

T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@*0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
R4G/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@


M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(@R+#`U.2PS-#0-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@



38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@

M

M.3`-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




3!P=#L@=&5X=UI
M;F1E;G0Z(TQ

M9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H



38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*


M)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@,XP-`T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

M

C


M#0H@(`@(`@(`@4&5R('-H87)E(&5F9F5C=UD:6QU=&5D#0H@(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(8C

M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@

XQ-`T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L


'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@


]



M:6YD96YT.B`M






38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



C`Q
0T*
M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


3!P=#L@=&5X
M=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

38P.PT*(`T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R



Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0G
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD)SX-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B


'!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@+3$P


M9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H

M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@


M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@


M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@


M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T


M:6YD96YT.B`M


Q-C`[#0H@

T0G

L.#DV+#(S
@T*(`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@

M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,R4G/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
34E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R

M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@


S0L
C0Y+#(S
BDG



#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!

M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#$L-S(S+#@P,`T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M,7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q

M;&4]

2PS-C`L
#`P
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G
M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-




M;F-E.@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`U+#8R
M,PP
S(-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^


M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@

M969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX-
MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
M

M(`@(`@(`H,BPQ.30L-#,T#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
M
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@


M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@


M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
RPT
C4L-3DX#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

3([#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@


38P.PT*(`T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(#QT

M+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C
T+#(T.2PR

M971S#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T




Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@


38P.PT*(`T*


M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@


M:6YD96YT.B`M


38P




Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[

M

Q-C`[

M

MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

T0G

C




MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS



M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!7



'!T

M=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^







T-@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

C
R







M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@

M:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`S-30L-SDY#0H@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B



M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V



38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*





S0L
C0Y+#(S
BDG/@T*


M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@

Q-C`[

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N


'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`I#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@

M;VTG/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(@S+#0T
2PV-3(-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@,7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M*0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

BXU

3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-


M(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D

MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M




38P.PT*(`T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`-B`@(`@

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C
T+#(T.2PR

M(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\


38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@





Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O
M;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O




M




S0L
C0Y+#(S
M



Q-C`[#0H@#0H@

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@

M969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V




0T*(`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@



M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@

M;VTG/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#4L.3DT+#(T
`T*(`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


M

]
M
'0@0FQO8VM=/]T

M;&4]



M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M:6YD96YT.B`M

#L-B`-B`@


M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M8VL@

M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


7!T('-O;&ED)SX-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@(!3=7)C:&%R9V4-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@













@3F5W(%)O

M8V5N=&5R)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0G9F]N=#H@

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@55
D#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!C96YT97(G/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@

M;&4]





38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D



T0G9F]N=#H@

M96YT97(G/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T

M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G9F]N=#H@

M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



M(`@(`F(S$V




M969T.B`Q


2P@
C`Q
`T*(`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M


#L-B`-B`@





M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C


M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@
3
E.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

#8P+#`P
0T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O;G0Z(#$P


Q-C`[#0H@

T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#
E.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

Q-C`[

M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C


M5&EM97








M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K)SX-B`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@

M;65S+!397)I9CL@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


X

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S

M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@

M(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M=#H@
3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ

M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


Q

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





T0G9F]N=#H@

M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#L@9F]N=#H@

MB`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(&QE9G0G/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M



M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@($)A;&%N8V4@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
M

M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G9F]N=#H@


RPT



@





M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

BPS
S8-B`@(`@#0H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@



S0L
C0Y+#(S

T0G9F]N=#H@


3!P


@3F5W(%)O;6%N





T0G9F]N=#H@


Q-C`[

M
T0G9F]N=#H@


C(Q+#(S.`T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@

M;65S+!397)I9CL@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

T0G9F]N=#H@




T0G9F]N
M=#H@




T0G9F]N=#H@

M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M96YT.B`M


M(`@(`@(`@('EE87(-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*

M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@,7!T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C






@3F5W(%)O;6%N







Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G9F]N=#H@

7!T)SX-



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T
M('-O;&ED.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

7!T
M.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C
T+#(T.2PR

M(#


38P






M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M8FQA8VLG/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@




M(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G9F]N=#H@










M9&EN9RUL969T.B`Q


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S@R

@3F5W(%)O



M5&EM97


PT*
M(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@

PY-S,-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@


M8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@R
S0L
C0Y+#(S
BDG/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@

M.B`M


M(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M,7!T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C





T0G9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-


M97)I9CL@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O
M;&ED.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M(`@(`@(8C.#(Q,CL-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@


M

M86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M(`@(`@)B

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED
M.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT





'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C

M-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@9F]N=#H@





M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O



M;VTZ($)L86-K(#(N-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@9F]N=#H@



#4U#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

M(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C

@

Q-C`[#0H@

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@

'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


M-C
-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL



]



]



M(`@(`F(S$V

M+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`R
M



7!T('-O;&ED)SX-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`R




M
7!T('-O;&ED)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`R
#$P#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

M(`@(`F(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


'!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



M(`@(`@(`@(%53)`T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*


B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H
M=#H@8F]L9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M55


MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=F

38P.PT*

M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C
T+#(T.2PR
S(I)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@

MB`@(`@(`@(!#;VYT:6YU:6YG(&]P97)A=&EO;G


T0G=VED=&@Z

M
BPY-CD-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@



M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#
E)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@

T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@








7!T
M)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA
M8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C


Q

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L



M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@


'!T






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
BXU


#L-B`-B`@

38P.PT*


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@


M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S

M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@


Q-C`[

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F

S(U7S0Q-#9?.6$Y85\W.#`T
S-C86)A
S8O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS

@4&5R(%-H87)E(&]F($-O;6UO;B!3=&]C:R`H

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


'!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N


M.B!B;VQD.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


7!T('-O;&ED
M)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@1F]R('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M
M8F5R(#,Q+`T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

3!P
M=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ







Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

M

M(`R,#$Q#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@

M.B!B;VQD)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@

Q
M-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8V]L

6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`Q




M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@55,D#0H@(`@#0H@

T0G9F]N
M=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=F

38P.PT*
M(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M




3!P=#L@=&5X
M=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(!.970@:6YC;VUE
M(AL;W-S*2!A='1R:6)U=&%B;&4@=&\@1F5I:&4@26YT97)N871I;VYA;P-

M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@

M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V


M;W1T;VTG/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\


M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R


3!P=#L@=&5X
M=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ

M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T

M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B

T0G=VED=&@Z(#
E)SX-B`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@)B

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-


R4G
M/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

L
#@T+#`P





M970@;V8@=&%X#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SX-B`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@


M9VAT.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S@R
3([#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@


#4L
C(X#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^



M






3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ

M/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D


M9VAT.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`R,2PQ-C(L,S`Q#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@




M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`I#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C

M9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O

C


M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@


M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@


M.#(Q


M
#

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

M(`@)B,X,C$R.PT*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M='1O;3H@

M






X
C$R.PT*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@

T0G

X
C$R.PT*(`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@



#@V+#8R
'0M86QI

M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R
M.B!R9V(H
C
T+#(T.2PR

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@


38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

38P.PT*(`T*



M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(D-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@

T0G=&5X

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@

T0G=&5X

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(@Q
PV-S`L-#DS#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*





'!T

38P.PT*

M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@

M;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@



M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@

38P.PT*(`T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(#QT

M+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C
T+#(T.2PR


@86QL


M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@


M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@



M(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T

M=&]M)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T


-
MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R

C`L-S@Q

PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@


M-RPP-C`-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^


RPV.#$-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`I#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^



C!P=#L@=&5X=UI
M;F1E;G0Z(TQ






X
C$R.PT*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[

M

38S+#0T.0T*




7!T.R!T97AT+6%L








2PW-#
-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

X.0T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@*0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

M(`@(`@*#DL-#$R+#DP-0T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@




M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@


M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@


M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@


M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R

Q-C`[

M

Q-C`[

'!T.R!T





M(`@(`@(`@(#,X,PU-3@-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@


M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`T-S$L,C4P#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@



M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B


M.B`R

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!



#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SX-B`@#0H@

#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`I#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@

M;VTG/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(@W







M;F%L+`T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(!);F



M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@

M;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`S.#`L-34X#0H@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

M

M(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@

M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`-B`@(`@

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C
T+#(T.2PR



M(`@(`@($1I;'5T960-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@




Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V



M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R


C!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
M


38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@




M9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P




M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D




M(')G8B@R
S0L
C0Y+#(S

M

7!T)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M

7!T

38P



Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@0FQA8VL@

M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@*0T*(`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T

M(`@*#4L-#,Y+#(R-`T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@
'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`I#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

M:6)U=&%B;&4@=&\@1F5I:&4@26YT97)N871I;VYA;P-B`@(`@#0H@(`@






T0G

Q-C`[#0H@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@


M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`I#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@




M8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@R
S0L
C0Y+#(S
BDG/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@


'!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@+3$P


38P.PT*


M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

38P.PT*(`T*

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M;&5F=#H@,3!P=#L@=&5X=UI
M;F1E;G0Z(TQ,'!T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(!.970@:6YC;VUE(AL
M;W-S*2!A='1R:6)U=&%B;&4@=&\@1F5I:&4@26YT97)N871I;VYA;P-B`@

M=&]C:R`M($1I;'5T960-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@




Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V



M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R
M.B!R9V(H
C
T+#(T.2PR

-B`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@



T0G=&5X

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@)B


M(`@(`@)B


M(`@(`@(`U-34L-S(X#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M96YT.B`M

M(&]P97)A=&EO;G




3([#0H@


#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SX-
MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S

M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@*#4T
2PW-SD-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@*0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX-B`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O

C




M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,R4G/@T*(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24G
M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)2<^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

38P.PT*



T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@
M=VED=&@Z(#$E)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@*0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,R4G
M/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W
M:61T:#H@,24G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L



M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@


M(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R


M(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T

M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@


M)B



M9&EN9RUL969T.B`Q




M(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@





T0G

Q-C`[#0H@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@





M

Q-C`[

'!T.R!T


I('!E


38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@,3DL-S4V+#4U.0T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D


38P


38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*


M)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@,3DL-C0W+#@T-`T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\


M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R
M.B!R9V(H
C
T+#(T.2PR






M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S

M(#@R-PS.#`-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@


M9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D

BPP-C4L.#
Y#0H@(`@(`T*(`@


M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@



M;F1E;G0Z(TQ,'!T)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@5V5I9VAT960M879E



M;6%B;&4@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(T@1&EL=71E9`T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@
7!T)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`-B`@

M;&4]

M#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!

M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@





#`-

M;&4]

M#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*



3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@

M9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^


M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

M


3!P

M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P


Q

M;&4]

Q
M-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B


M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B


MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

38P.PT*

M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C
T+#(T.2PR
S(I)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@

M;G
-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-
MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@



M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@*#`N,C`-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-



3!P=#L@=&5X=UI
M;F1E;G0Z(TQ






CL-

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@




XR-@T*(`T*(`@
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@

M(`@(`F(S$V


38P.PT*(`T*





M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C
T+#(T.2PR
S(I)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@

M(!.970@:6YC;VUE(AL;W-S*2!A='1R:6)U=&%B;&4@=&\@1F5I:&4@26YT
M97)N871I;VYA;P-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@26YC+@T*(`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@





M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@*#`N-#@-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`I#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^

M(TQ,'!T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL

M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@


#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS




M(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D




M:'0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T


M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@

T0G

Q-C`[#0H@

T0G


M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C


M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
XR-@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-
MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T


T0G

M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N

C

M#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(T@9&ES8V]N=&EN=65D(&]P97)A=&EO;G,L
M(&YE=!O9B!T87@-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@


38P.PT*



'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D

7!T
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@*0T*(`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@*0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T


M=71A8FQE('1O($9E:6AE($EN=&5R;F%T:6]N86PL#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@($EN8RX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO



M9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


X
C$R.PT*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R



T0G

C




#L-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@


M9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO


'!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@+3$P

M=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^


M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL

M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@



M
S0L
C0Y+#(S

T0G=&5X

M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T

M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

C
-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q

M;&4]

Q

M;&4]


M(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^


M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@

Q-C`[

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N




M(`@(`F(S$V


38P.PT*(`T*







XR.`T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@
'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`I#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\


3!P=#L@=&5X
M=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(!.970@:6YC;VUE

-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P


XT
M-@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-
MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@



M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@*0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@






#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

M(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C

M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

'!T.R!T97AT+6EN

38P.PT*(`T*


Q-C`[#0H@

T0G

Q-C`[#0H@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@


M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V


38P.PT*(`T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(#QT



3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E
M;G0Z(TQ



M9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D

XT-@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S



M:'0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`P+C(Q#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\


M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R
M.B!R9V(H
C
T+#(T.2PR


38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@




M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL

M9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C


'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`I#0H@(`T*(`@(`@


M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M


M

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M('!A9&1I;F<M;&5F=#H@,3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ,'!T)SX-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(!.970@:6YC;VUE(AL;W-S*2!A='1R:6)U=&%B;&4@

M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V



Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@


M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@


M(`H,XP
PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

M(D-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B


M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B




S(U7S0Q-#9?
M.6$Y85\W.#`T
S-C86)A

T0G=&5X




M

I

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#






M969T.B`Q

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


T0G


38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@




7!T
M('-O;&ED)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#(P
3(-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@










M='1O;3H@
7!T)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@




3!P=#L@=&5X=UI
M;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@

M8FQA8VL[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C







T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K
M.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@(!54R0-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@

M.B!B;VQD)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@

M;&4]

C



M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M
3


MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@


R4[(&-O;&]R

T
M+#DV
PT,#D-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#
E


M.B`Q)3L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

2PT-S(-

M;&4]

M9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D

'!T.R!T97AT


Q-C`[

M
T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@






38P




M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!B;W)D




S0L
C0Y+#(S

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T




#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


X

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@

T0G8V]L
M;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#(L-C$S+#$R
@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T


Q-C`[#0H@

T0G

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@*0T*(`-B`@(`@


M;&4]
T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C


M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,X,C$R.PT*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!C


M:'0G/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(@X+#
Q.PS-3`-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@
7!T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M




M='1O;3H@






T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
BXU

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M0FQA8VL@

M(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@0FQA8VL@

M9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S@R


M969T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-


#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=C

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@

MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C:R`R+C5P

M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(@V+#0Y.2PX-CD-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M

M(`@(`@(`@*0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F9#DT

S(U7S0Q-#9?.6$Y85\W.#`T
S-C86)A



M='`M97%U:78]

]



M1#$^

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^



@6U1A




3`P)3L@
M9F]N=#H@




M(`@(`@)B

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT

C`Q
@T*
M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




7!T('-O;&ED)SX-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#(P






Q-C`[


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@




M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*

M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C
T+#(T.2PR
S(I)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@

M9&EN9RUL969T.B`Q



#L-B`-B`@

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*


M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
R4[(&-O



S-@T*(`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@

M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@


6QE/3-$)V-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=<^
M#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=C

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@/]T





M#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`I#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-

M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@



2PP-#$L

M;&4]




6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B

38P.PT*




M;W(Z(')G8B@R
S0L
C0Y+#(S

M;&4]
T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-B`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@($)A;&%N8V4@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@

M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B;&4[

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B



M(`@(`@)B

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@0FQA8VL@

M9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@

M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`T+#$V
PY,C`-B`@


T1T
M;W`^3F]T92!296-E:79A8FQE(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M5&EM97


M(`@(`F(S$V

Q
M-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8V]L

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@
M8F]L9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C

C`Q
@T*(`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#(P



M



'!T.R!T97AT


M.B!B;&%C:SL@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M55

M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E






3!P=#L@=&5X
M=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ


Q-C`[#0H@

T0G




M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M;&4]

M9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D

M9&EN9RUL969T.B`Q

Z($%L;&]W86YC92!F;W(@9&]U8G1F=6P@;F]T97
@



Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA
M8VL@

M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!





L
S4P+#`U-@T*(`T*(`@(`@



T0G=F5R=&EC

M-#DL
C

M;G0Z(TQ,'!T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@



M(`@(`F(S$V



38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

M)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*


M($)L86-K(#(N-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@




]

@86YD
M($9I;F%N8VEN9R!296-E:79A8FQE(%M486)L92!497AT($)L;V-K73PO=&0^


M.B!C;VQL87!S93L@=VED=&@Z(#$P

M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\



7!T('-O
M;&ED)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#(P
3(-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO



38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@





M=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@


M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@

M;&0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D



T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F

M(`@(`@)B

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@(!54R0-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@

M)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

T0G

C

M;RX@3'1D+@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


T0G=VED=&@Z

3(L-3$Y+#8V

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

Q

M;&4]

M9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D


38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O



M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*



M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*



M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R


3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z
M(TQ



M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B

T0G8V]L;W(Z


M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@


M)B
X




T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT

M.B`M

M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L






RPY

M(`@(`F(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

C



M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL


C

38P


M(`@(`F(S$V



Q-C`[#0H@



Q-C`[

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@


M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL





Q-C`[#0H@#0H@

T0G8V]L
M;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@



M86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

C



M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M

M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M(`Q,RPW-#(L-C(U#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@









T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


'!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N



M8FQA8VL[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([


M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

3!P=#L@
M=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=C

M(`@(`F(S$V


M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*



T0G8V]L



S0L
C0Y+#(S
BDG/@T*

T0G=VED=&@Z(#8P)3L@8V]L;W(Z




M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U

M(`@(`@-S@L


M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

Q-C`[

M

M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@





X
C$R.PT*
M(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@


Q

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@


M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S


M+#0U
PR,#$-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



M;W1T;VTZ(#(N-7!T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@

38P.PT*(`T*



#L-B`-B`@

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B

M(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D


BXU





]

@86YD($9I
M;F%N8VEN9R!296-E:79A8FQE(%M486)L92!497AT($)L;V-K73PO=&0^#0H@


M;VQL87!S93L@=VED=&@Z(#$P



B!S='EL

#$R#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E

C`Q
0T*(`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M9VAT.B!B;VQD)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@




M8FQA8VL[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G
M/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(%53)`T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@


M.B!B;&%C:SL@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M55

M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!C



M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*



M(`@(8C



Q-C`[

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@


M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL




M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S




M*#@Q


S0L
C0Y+#(S

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

3!P=#L@
M=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ


#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T
M=&]M.B!;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B;&4[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@=&5X=UA


#$-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L
M86-K.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@


PV.3`L-C,X#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*

M(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^


R-5\T
30V7SEA.6%?-S@P-#
S
M8V%B83
V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V9D.30X-S1B
M7S@S

#0S

M-#



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\



3XQ
B!-;VYT
M:'

2P@
C`Q


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@26YV96YT;W)Y
M+!#=7)R96YT(%M486)L92!497AT($)L;V-K73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



M=VED=&@Z(#$P


M96YT.B`M

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]




#L-

M/3-$


M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

T0G

'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<CL@<&%D9&EN9RUL969T.B`Q
'!T

38P.PT*

M)V-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M(`@(`@55
D#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F



3!P
M=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ

M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@

Q-C`[#0H@

T0G

3

M(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\



M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@

Q-C`[#0H@




Q-C`[

M
T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@

M:'0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#@L-S0U+#
S-@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@


Q

M;&4]




S0L
C0Y+#(S

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#$P






Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B

38P.PT*




Q-C`[#0H@#0H@


T0G8V]L
M;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M(`@(`@)B

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@



M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@


M;VTZ($)L86-K(#(N-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L

S
L
S(X+#DT.0T*




;V-A

S(U7S0Q-#9?.6$Y85\W.#`T
M
S-C86)A



]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO

M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

30N($EN=F5S=&UE;G0@:6X@375T

I/&)R/CPO

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O



M/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@


M:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B







T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@

M(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/@T*(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@($9A:7(F(S$V
#MV86QU928C


M


38P.PT*(`T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(#QT


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@

MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=C

M;3H@






M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@






#LR


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@



38P.S


M=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0G/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@



Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\


M)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(!54R0-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@






M96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@


T0G8V]L;W(Z

M)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(!54R0-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
M
'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

3(-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
R4[

M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@






MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

38P.PT*

M)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


3$W+#(Q
`T*




M(#%P=#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@




M)B
X

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@


M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F

M
7!T('-O;&ED)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$R

M;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SX-
MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S@R

M(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T



T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K

M:6YD96YT.B`M



M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-

M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@



3$L
3$V
M#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL


M(`@(`@)B

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H

X
C$R.PT*
M(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@

X
C$R.PT*
M(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS




M-#@W-&)?.#
R-5\T
30V7SEA.6%?-S@P-#
S8V%B83

O
M4VAE970T-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N

]

]
M


T1T


M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M(`@(#(P,3$-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@





M96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@


T0G8V]L;W(Z

M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L
M86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@(!54R0-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M9VAT.B!B;VQD)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`\='(@


C


M(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

Q

M;&4]

M9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#

38P.PT*(`T*

M9'1H.B`Q)3L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

2PW-C$L

M;&4]

M9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D

'!T.R!T97AT




M/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT

M(`@(`F(S$V

M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O

C




T0G

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@

T0G8V]L
M;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#(L-#$X+#8X.`T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T


Q-C`[#0H@


-B`@(`@

T0G
M8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@



Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T



S8L
C8X#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\



S0L
M
C0Y+#(S


M9RUL969T.B`Q

M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@



MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=C

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\


M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
6QE/3-$)V-O
M;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=<^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O



3!P=#L@=&5X
M=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(!
97-S.B!!8V-U
M;75L871E9!D97!R96-I871I;VX-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@


38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@

M;W1T;VTZ($)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@

M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`H,S0L-S0V+#$X,@T*(`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(D-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B

38P.PT*


M;&4]

M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`I#0H@(`T*(`@(`@

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O
M;&]R.B!R9V(H
C
T+#(T.2PR


M96YT.B`M


M97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B;&4[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@

MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B
M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B;&4[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C

M.3`L.#`X#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=C

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@

MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C:R`R+C5P

M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#$R.PW,SDL-C,W#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D

MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V


C5?-#$T-E\Y

#0S






]

T1)1#!%040^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@

]



T1T;W`^4V-H


T0G8F]R




M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@


M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C



M(&)O;&0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G8V]L;W(Z

M(`@(`@
C`Q
0T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@


M.B!B;&%C:SL@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


D#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@








M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@

Q-C`[#0H@

T0G


M(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O



3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ


M

M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@


MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=C

#L-B`-B`@


38P.PT*(`T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(#QT

M+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C
T+#(T.2PR

M9&EN9RUL969T.B`Q

M8VEL:71I97

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@


38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
6QE/3-$)V-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=<^#0H@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V


#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C


3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M
7!T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-




M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@


M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M


M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@

M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*






M)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*


M($)L86-K(#(N-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N





M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




R-5\T
M
30V7SEA.6%?-S@P-#
S8V%B83

O4VAE970T-RYH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$





]
M



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\=&%B;&4@8V5L;'!A


!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8V]L

3`P)3L@9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T


M86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT
M97(G/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\8CXR
#$R/]B/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@


M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT

M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@






M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@


M(`@(`@)B

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L

38P.PT*




M.B!B;VQD)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*




4[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@=&5X=UA;&EG

M


T0G=VED=&@Z(#
E.R!C;VQO

M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M=!S;VQI9#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

24[




MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@




#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@


M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B;&4[





R-5\T
30V7SEA.6%?-S@P-#
S8V%B
M83
V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V9D.30X-S1B7S@S
M

#0S




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C






]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


'!T.R!T97AT+6EN

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@





M(`@(`@(`R,#$R#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@

M.B!B;&%C:SL@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

3!P
M=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@


M(`@(`@(%53)`T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@

M;&0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D



T0G



S0L
C0Y+#(S
BDG

T0G=VED=&@Z(#8P)3L@8V]L
M;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#$P



#$R

S`L
M(#(P
3
-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G=VED=&@Z(#


M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@

MB`@(`@(`@(`V+#`Y.2PS
C(-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@



#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@=&5X=UA;&EG

24[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@=&5X

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@

'!T.R!T97AT+6EN





38P



M9VAT)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`Q+#DR-BPQ

T0G8V]L;W(Z

38P



M9VAT)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S@R






M=6EC:R!R871I;R!O9B!A=!L96%S=`U

#$S#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@



M+#DR-BPQ

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@



M(S@R
3([#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@




M

C`L

2P@
C`Q
M


M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL



M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL


X
C$R.PT*(`-B`@(`@(`@



S0L
C0Y+#(S
BDG/@T*(`@(`T*(`@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L





CDL(#(P
3
-B`@(`-B`@(`@

M8FQA8VLG/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@

RPR
3`L




Q-C`[

M

M(`@(`@(`@)B,X,C$R.PT*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@

M(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO



M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@



M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@

M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@


6QE/3-$
M)V-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=<^#0H@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

C



M


C`Q

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@

M(#@L

M9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K)SX-




38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@







Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K

M(`@(`@(8C.#(Q,CL-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D




M(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K


M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@

MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

X
C$R
M.PT*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL



T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

3!P









BPU-C@L
3
V#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

#L-B`-B`@



Q

M;&4]

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,X,C$R.PT*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@





M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C



38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@



#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@
6QE/3-$)V-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=<^#0H@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
M






C4L
M(#(P
3(-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\


M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C

CL-B`@#0H@(`@

M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T
6QE
M/3-$)V-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=<^#0H@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@


M

M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C
T+#(T.2PR
S(I)SX-B`@(`-


'!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@+3$P

M;B!04D


M(&%N9!R97!A:60@;VX@07!R:6P@-BP@,C`Q,@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T

M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

X

M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L

M.3DW+#@W
0T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@

M/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

MB`@(`@(`@(!P97(@86YN=6TL(&=U87)A;G1E960@8GD@1F5I:&4@1&%I

M;F]T#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(!M;W)E('1H86X@-C`E(&%N9!C=7)R96YT
M(')A=&EO(&]F(&%T(&QE87-T(#$R


P-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`R
#$R#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@


MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S@R

M8VLG/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

M(`@(`@



#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@

M;&4]

C




3(P)2P@


#$R#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D

M
T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@

M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@


M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`Q+#4X.PX-#`-B`@





M(&%N9!R97!A:60@;VX@3F]V96UB97(@,C,L(#(P,3(-B`@(`T*(`@(`@



#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS






Q-C`[#0H@#0H@

T0G8V]L

M(`@-RPY-#0L,C`P#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@



M=#H@
3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

M92!W:71H(&EN=&5R97-T(&]N(&UA='5R:71Y+!D=64@86YD#0H@(`@#0H@

#$R#0H@(`-B`@



Q

M;&4]

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,X,C$R.PT*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L

38P.PT*



M(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO


M:6\@;V8@;F]T#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(!M;W)E('1H86X@-C`E(&%N9!C
M=7)R96YT(')A=&EO(&]F(&%T(&QE87-T(#$P
4@86YD#0H@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(!Q=6EC:R!R871I;R!O9B!A=!L96%S=`U





MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=C

M(`@(`F(S@R


M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@


M




T0G

C

M(&%T(&$-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(&9L;V%T:6YG(&EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@

C8L(#(P



M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
X


T0G8V]L;W(Z



Q-C`[#0H@#0H@

M;&%N9P@9'5E(&%N9`T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(!R97!A:60@;VX@1&5C
M96UB97(@,C8L(#(P,3(-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@

M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@


6QE/3-$
M)V-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=<^#0H@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V

M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L





M;&5F=#H@
3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(!






PR,C0I+!N970@87-S971S(&]F(&%T(&QE87-T

#`E+!D=64@86YD#0H@(`@

S`L(#(P


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O


#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C:R`Q


BPS.#
L
C8P#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@

3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E
M;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(%1O=&%L#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L
M86-K.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@


RPR-#`L



38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

M)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*


M($)L86-K(#(N-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N




M

#0S







]




S$L
M(#(P

M:&5D=6QE(&]F($%C8W)U960@3&EA8FEL:71I97

M8VM=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\=&%B;&4@8V5L


!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M

3`P)3L@9F]N=#H@

M(TQ,'!T)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]




#L-

M/3-$


M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

T0G

'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<CL@<&%D9&EN9RUL969T.B`Q
'!T

38P.PT*

M)V-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M(`@(`@55
D#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F



3!P
M=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ

M.B`S)3L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@

M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U)3L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L

3(L
34S


M969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E

M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@

M(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS



T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T

M96YT.B`M


Q

M;&4]



M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL

M(`@(`@)B

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*
M(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`-B`@


38P.PT*



M)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`U

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@

T0G8V]L
M;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#
S+#
V-@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@




T0G8V]L
M;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M


M(`@(`F(S$V


M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@


M(`@(`@.#4X+#(V

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C

M=!S;VQI9#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
M

MB`-B`@(`@(`@(`W-S8L,C@P#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T

M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@


'!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@+3$P


38P



30L


#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C:R`R

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C

M:'0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#8L.30S+#
W
`T*(`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@






M



3!P

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT

M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]




B!S='EL

#$Q#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


'!T.R!T97AT+6EN

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@

M;&%C:SL@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@55
D


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H

M;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(!54R0-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@



3!P=#L@=&5X=UI
M;F1E;G0Z(TQ

M(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*
M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

M86-K)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&-O;&]R

M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U)3L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

3@L.#8U+#@V
`T*(`T*(`@(`@

M)3L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T



3(L
#(U+#
Q
0T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@


M8FQA8VLG/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@



#L-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`\='(@


C





T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L




T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L

'!T





38P.PT*(`T*



M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S


M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B



M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL


M9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L

38P.PT*





T0G8V]L;W(Z

38P


M(`@(`@(`@(#4S.PP-#(-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-


#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@



Q-C`[#0H@

T0G


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D


M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B

T0G8V]L;W(Z


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C


M
RPQ
#4-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-


'!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N



Q-C`[#0H@#0H@

T0G8V]L

M(`@)B,X,C$R.PT*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@

M/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K)SX-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@



M
S0L
C0Y+#(S

T0G8V]L
M;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M


#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS




M(`@(`F(S$V


M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@


M(`@(`@-2PR
C$L.#@S#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-







L-S
R#0H@

T0G

M9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C


38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


M(S$V



#0S
V-A



]
T1R


T0Q/C$R($UO

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@



M;&4]


7!T('-O;&ED)SX-
MB`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#(P
3(-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@



M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@

M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT








'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E


M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H
M=#H@8F]L9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(!5


T0G=F5R=&EC

M-#DL
C

M(`@(`@3&]A;B!P87EA8FQE('1O(&$@8F%N:R!I;B!04D


M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(&UA='5R:71Y+B!4:&4@;&]A;B!C;VUM96YC960@
M;VX@1&5C96UB97(@
C0L(#(P


C0L(#(P
30N(%1H92!M871U



T0G=VED=&@Z(#

M8FQA8VLG/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C

M;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V

RPQ.#
-B`@(`@#0H@

T0G=VED


#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@





Q+`R,#$R+@T*(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(!4:&4@;&]A;B!C;VUM96YC960@;VX@1&5C96UB97(@
C0L
M(#(P

M;VX@1&5C96UB97(@
C0L(#(P
34@+B!4:&4@;6%T=7)I='D@9&%T90T*(`T*

#$S('!U


#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C:R`Q


RPU-S$L
S$T#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@


RPU
S4L



M(')G8B@R
S0L
C0Y+#(S

M


M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C





T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-

M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@



2PX.#DL
M

M;&4]



M





M(`@(`@)B

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@



MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O

C




#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS




38P.PT*(`T*


M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@


M.B`R+C5P=#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#

S(U7S0Q-#9?.6$Y85\W.#`T
S-C86)A
S8O5V]R:W-H


M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R


@*%1A8FQE


]
M

]




#`E.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

3!P=#L@=&5X
M=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!

M;65N='
-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S


#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(%53)`T*(`@(`T*(`@

#L-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N

C

C`Q
PT*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
R4[


M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@


PU,#@-B`@

M)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-
MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

T0G=F5R


3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E
M;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#(P

T0G8V]L;W(Z

38P


M(`@(`@(`@(#$V,PU
#@-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-


#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@

M;&4]

C


M(TQ,'!T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`R,#$U#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@


Q

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@


M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S


M
PU,#D-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


Q-C`[#0H@



@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P






M8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@R
S0L
C0Y+#(S
BDG/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D



M(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@

M9#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`@#0H@




T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D




M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C


M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O

C


#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@



C(-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!C


T0G8V]L;W(Z
M(&)L86-K.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@


M(`@(`@)B

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@



Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@/]T



S(U7S0Q-#9?.6$Y85\W.#`T
M
S-C86)A




^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@

I/&)R


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#





M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@


M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C



M(&)O;&0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G8V]L;W(Z

M(`@(`@
C`Q
0T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@


M.B!B;&%C:SL@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


D#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@



#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H


M9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D



#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@

C`L
3DQ#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@

M8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@

#L-B`-B`@

M(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@


M

M86P-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL

M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@


M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*





M;&4]




#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@


#$R


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

M

M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
C`Q
0T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T



M;G0Z(TQ,'!T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@


M/3-$)V-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0G/@T*(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



Q-C`[


M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@



Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B




M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N



C!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-B`@(`@


M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
34E.R!C

M(`Q,#D-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@=&5X=UA;&EG


M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



T0G




T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K)SX-B`@(`@#0H@



M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@


6QE/3-$)V-O;&]R.B!B
M;&%C:SL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=<^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


C!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E
M;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(!




Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@0FQA8VL@

M(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@

V
PT*(`-B`@(`@(`@

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@



T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@


PT*(`-B`@


M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R
M9V(H
C
T+#(T.2PR


M($)L86-K(#(N-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\



M969T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-


#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL

M(#@V+#(Q

Q-C`[#0H@







3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@



M;&4]

M9VAT.B!B;VQD)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H

M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M


M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B



Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@

M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@55,D#0H@(`@

T0G




M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

M.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S




T0G=VED=&@Z(#8P

M:71I97

M(`@(`F(S$V

34E.R!T97AT+6%L



38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@



M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M







2PW
C
L
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@
7!T)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`-B`@

M)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`Q+#,V,PP
#`-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO



M(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^

M;VTG/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#4L-C(P+#`S
@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V





3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T

M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL

M9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(@R+#$Y-PT,S0-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@*0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX-B`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T








M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M

M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C.#(Q,CL-B`@

T0G








M;VTZ(#(N-7!T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@


M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#(N-7!T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T

M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B


M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@


'!T.R!P861D


M=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^


M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V


M=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C
T+#(T.2PR

M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

M

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*


M.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`Q
M,PP-S$L
#`P#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@/]T



M($%C8W)U960@;&EA8FEL:71I97

M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V

M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V






'!T

M871I;VX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\



SDR
M+#4Q




M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M

M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@




M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@



38P



M;W1T;VTG/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#$S+#
S.2PR-#4-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@


7!T


MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-


M(`@(`@(`@(D-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@


Q-C`[#0H@

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R



M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@








S0L
M
C0Y+#(S


MB`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@

MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE




M9VAT.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`H
M-SDL

M(`@(`F(S$V



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R

C



#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C:R`R

M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@






Q

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@


#4L-S`Q#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*


M(`@-2PY.30L,C0P#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@










T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O



M/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@





M=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0G/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=C

M;3H@



Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@


3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E
M;G0Z(TQ

M8VL[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;VQS






M)B





T0G=VED=&@Z(#
E)SX-
MB`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N


M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@

Q-C`[#0H@

T0G


M86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

3!P=#L@=&5X
M=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@3&EU(%-H96YG
M+4AU:0T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
6QE/3-$)V-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=<^#0H@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
6QE/3-$)V-O;&]R.B!B
M;&%C:SL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=<^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL

M(`@(`@)B

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R

C


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O


M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C

M=!S;VQI9#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
M



M8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


'!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@+3$P



M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*

MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M



M.B!C;VQL87!S93L@=VED=&@Z(#$P

M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@




M0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#(P
3(-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@



38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]


M(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V


M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P

M/3-$)V-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0G/@T*(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M;VQD.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(!54R0-
MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL





Q

M;&4]

#D-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24G/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

M#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,X,C$R.PT*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&-O;&]R.B!B

Q




M(#%P=#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V



X
C$R.PT*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D



M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@


M86P-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL


T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@


#D-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@






]



]


M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([('!A

3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-B`-B`@

M;VQD.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^


3!P

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT


M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@


M96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@


4[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@=&5X=UA;&EG

'!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@+3$P


M(`@(`@)B


M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@

M(`@(`@(`@(#$L.#,S+#4T,@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@


34E





'!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@




M='1O;3H@




M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D


'!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N




#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M(`@(`@(`Q+#@V,2PU.38-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@



#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M(`@(`@(`Q+#@T,BPW-34-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O


#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C

M#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*






2PX-#(L-S4U#0H@#0H@(`@(`@


M;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-

C
T+#(T
M.2PR

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@



M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@


M(`@(`@(`@)B,X,C$R.PT*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X\=&%B;&4@8V5L


!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M

3`P)3L@9F]N=#H@



Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@

38P
M.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@





M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



Q

M;&4]

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*



3!P=#L@
M=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

7!T

M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@



Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0G=VED=&@Z(#
E.R!C

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

24[

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

M(#(N-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

RPX


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@


T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@


PT*




]


]





3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z
M(TQ
'!T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T

M(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@



Q

M;&4]


38P.PT*(`T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R



#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@


#$P



M9&EN9RUL969T.B`Q


38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



Q-C`[#0H@

T0G



M;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

M



MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
R4[(&-O;&]R

M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@


T0G=VED=&@Z


MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&-O;&]R

M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#

M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@

M:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V





'!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N






M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D

38P.PT*(`T*



T0G

M.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@


M
S0U#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S

38P.PT*(`T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`-B`@(`@

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C
T+#(T.2PR


38P.PT*(`T*




M+#(T



M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
C`U+#@X

M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@


M;VTZ($)L86-K(#(N-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L

2PW-3DL-S$Y#0H@

#L-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@/]T86)L

M.30X-S1B7S@S

#0S





]

T1)1#!%

]







M


M8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C
T+#(T.2PR
S(I)SX-



#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

M(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`E
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`-




T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K)SX-



M;&4]


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-





T0G

M.B`M


M(`@(`F(S$V




M



M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@=&5X



#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@




MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M

38P.PT*(`T*


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L





38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


7!T('-O;&ED)SX-B`@(`@#0H@


7!T
M)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

3!P=#L@
M=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F

M;VQD)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(%53)`T*(`@

M)V-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(8C

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



Q-C`[#0H@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N
M=&5R)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C





M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@


M(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\


MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@




M8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@



MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@

M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B


M8VLG/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C

M(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@.24[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@



M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@

Q-C`[#0H@

T0G







6QE
M/3-$)V-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=<^#0H@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@


M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T
6QE
M/3-$)V-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=<^#0H@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@







#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@

M(`@(`F(S$V

`T*(`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=C

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@/]T


X
M
C$R.PT*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D

M
T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@

M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@


M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S@R
3([#0H@(`T*


M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H


M9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D




3([#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@





M;&4]

M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL

M


M(`@(`@)B

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*


T0G8V]L
M;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T




MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C


M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@




#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

C
R


@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L
M(#(P
3$-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R


M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL




Q-C`[

M

M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@

38P.PT*(`T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@


M(`@(`@(`@)B,X,C$R.PT*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V


M9G0G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T

M(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS




T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R


Q-C`[

M

M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@


38P.PT*(`T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@




M(`@(`@)B

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*


T0G
M8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO

M9&EN9RUL969T.B`Q



T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K)SX-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@


M.#(Q

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C


6QE
M/3-$)V-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=<^#0H@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@


M/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT

MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=C

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^


M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V



Q-C`[#0H@#0H@

T0G8V]L

M(`@)B,X,C$R.PT*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@

M/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

38P

M/3-$)V-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@,7!T('-O;&ED)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q

M;&4]
T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`H-#0P
M+#`P,`T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D






M(`@(`F(S$V

M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L


M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-

M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@


M)B
X



S0L
M
C0Y+#(S

T0G8V]L;W(Z

3!P


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@




M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL

M8VLG/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

M(`@(`@.XS,@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@

M(8C.#(Q,CL-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C



MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M;&5F=#H@
3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ

MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=C

#L-B`-B`@




#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@

M(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-


S(-B`@(`@#0H@

T0G8V]L
M;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T


M(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S@R
3([#0H@(`T*(`@(`@


#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS




38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


7!T('-O





M(&9A:7(@=F%L=64-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M8FQA8VLG/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C

M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@


M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*

M8V5N=&5R)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


D#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

M#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@($YO;BUV97-T960@87

M+`R,#$Q#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




RPR-#4-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-




M(#$P+C(T#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@


M(&QE9G0G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\

'!T.R!T


Q-C`[#0H@

T0G

M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#$L
S
R+#`P


Q-C`[

M

M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@

38P.PT*(`T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`-B`@(`@

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C
T+#(T.2PR


6QE/3-$)V-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@


M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L




T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M:6YD96YT.B`M


M/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

M(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA
M8VL@








Q-C`[

M#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(!.;VXM=F5S=&5D(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q
M+`R

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`Q+#
V
BPP
#`-B`@(`@

T0G

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`U+C4R#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O



C!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX-B`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@($=R86YT960-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-

M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@



3([



M(`@(`F(S$V

X



S0L
C0Y+#(S
BDG/@T*

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT

M.B`M

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(D-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K)SX-



38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@





T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D

38P.PT*(`T*


M(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@




#$R#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D





T0G8V]L;W(Z

38P



M9VAT)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`T+CDY#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@



#0S
V-A8F$S-@T*



]

M:60]


]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#

M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R/D9E:6AE($EN

@86YD($-O








2P@
M
C`Q





M96-H;F]L;V=Y(%-C:65N=&EF:6


#$R/&)R/DAE:6QO


6EN
M9W%U86X@26YT97)N871I;VYA;!4<F%D:6YG($-O+BP@3&EM:71E9`HXH<

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q




M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
CQB


T1T;W`^

M;G

]



]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C4P+#`P

#`L
M











M;7`^-3`L
#`P+#`P

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K+!087(@;W(@4W1A=&5D(%9A



]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$P


#`N
M

M;7`^






#`N
#`E/'-P

M




S(U7S0Q-#9?.6$Y85\W.#`T
S-C86)A

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4




]

M;'-P86X]
T0Q/C4@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L





]

]

]

]



]


]

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
3QB

#$P

S$L(#(P
M
3$\8G(^4&5R9F]R;6%N8V4@0F%S960@26YC96YT:79E(%M-96UB97)=/&)R




@6TUE

M
2P@
C`Q

@6TUE

M
2P@
C`Q

]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#

M(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L










I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$





























X


]


]


]


]


]


]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^4V%L97









]
T1N=6UP/C`N.#`E/'-P86X^















3@S+#4S


]

3@\














3DW+#`P

















]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(S+#4U



]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]


L($=R86YT





#`\

M

]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(L-#`P
M+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C(L-C`P+#`P


]


]


]



I/]T9#X-B`@








]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M




]
M

]
M

]
M










]
T1N=6UP
M/CDL


BPV.#








]
T1N=6UP
M/CDL









S4L

#4L
34W/'-P86X^

C$L-S`Y
M+#


]
T1N=6UP/C$L-S4R+#8X



]






3`L-#
U
M+#(Y


]











]
M
T1N=6UP/CDP+#0U


T1T;W`^1&5F97)R960@4F5V96YU92P@3F]N

]
M

]
M

]
M









]
T1N=6UP/B0@
RPW
M
3$L
#








S(U7S0Q-#9?.6$Y85\W.#`T
S-C86)A




M240P155



]


T1T;W`^0G5I;&1I;F=S(&%N9!0;&%N=!;365M8F5R


M9VX]



]

]



]

M;F0@17%U:7!M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XS
M

]


]




M17%U:7!M96YT(%M-96UB97)=('P@36%X:6UU;2!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@






]


]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^075T;VUO8FEL97

]
T1R



R-5\T
30V7SEA.6%?-S@P-#
S
M8V%B83
V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V9D.30X-S1B
M7S@S

#0S




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\







]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P






]
T1P




#`L




]




PS.30L-#4Y(&%N9`D
30L.#4Y+#4T


2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q


2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q
2P@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:&5L9`D
M,S`L.#4Q(&%N9`D-#DT+#
T




T1T;W`^3W1H97(@4F5C



]



M;W(@9&]U8G1F=6P@86-C;W5N='



C`Q
2!A;F0@
C`Q
#H@='=O(&EN9&EV



2P@
C`Q
BP@
C`Q
2!A;F0@
C`Q

]







#`W

M+#`P

@8F5E;B!U;F%B;&4@=&\@




]


]


]



]



]



T1T;W`^1&5P;W-I='




;V-A

S(U7S0Q-#9?.6$Y85\W.#`T
M
S-C86)A



]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO


@*$1E


SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]

L($]P97)A=&EN9R!
;W-S($-A

L($1O;65S=&EC/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S







T1T;W`^1&5F97)R960@5&%X($%S


T1T;W`^3W1H97(@26YF;W)M871I;VX@4&5R=&%I;FEN
M9R!T;R!);F-O;64@5&%X97



M;B!*86YU87)Y(#$L(#(P

@82!U;FEF


@86YD(&1O;65S=&EC(&5N=&5R




C8L(#(P

@4W1A=&4@0V]U;F-I



M8V%L;'D@;&ES=&5D(&-A=&5G;W)I97

@=VAI8V@@


C4E(&]V97(@=&AE

]
T1T97AT


T1T
M;W`^169F96-T:79E($EN8V]M92!487@@4F%T92!296-O;F-I;&EA=&EO;BP@







@86YD($EN


]

I




M9F5C=&EV92!);F-O;64@5&%X(%)A=&4@4F5C;VYC:6QI871I;VXL(&%T($9E
M9&5R86P@4W1A='5T;W)Y($EN8V]M92!487@@4F%T93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@






]


R-5\T
30V
M7SEA.6%?-S@P-#
S8V%B83
V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+V9D.30X-S1B7S@S

#0S
V-A8F$S-B]7;W)K

M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$5/1$%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


M/3-$


T0S/C$R


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^









]


C@L





]
T1N=6UP/C0L




]


T1T;W`^1F5D97)A;#PO=&0^

]
T1N=6UP/C4L-3$U+#0T
SQS


T1T;W`^


M
#8L


]



M;7`^)`Q,PP

R-5\T
30V7SEA.6%?
M-S@P-#
S8V%B83
V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V9D
M.30X-S1B7S@S

#0S


M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE



CX\



SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]


M;G5M/B0@*#(W.2PW

]
M

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@
3`L



M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*


M
#0S






]








M9VX]


]
T1N=6UP/C



T1T;W`^




RXS





]
T1R;SX-



]
T1N


]


34N

3`N

C4N
#


]

]


24\



]
T1N=6UP
M/C`N

M1&YU;7`^



]
T1N=6UP/C8X+C



M+R\O0SHO9F0Y-#@W-&)?.#
R-5\T
30V7SEA.6%?-S@P-#
S8V%B83
V+U=O

O4VAE970V
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]






]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


]

]

]





]


T1T;W`^4&5R('-H87)E(&5F





]



T1T;W`^4&5R('-H87)E




S(U7S0Q-#9?.6$Y85\W.#`T
S-C86)A
S8-





#$R/&)R/CPO

]



]


]


M



]



]

BPQ.30L
M-#


]

RPT
C4L-3DX


]





]
T1N=6T^
M*#
L-#0Q+#8U


]
T1N=6UP/C(L-C0W+#@X

M86QI9VX]

M;&EA8FEL:71I97

]



L(&YE=#H\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]












M;&EA8FEL:71I97




M=6)T9G5L(&%C8V]U;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

RPX


V


]




]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@-#`L



S(U7S0Q-#9?.6$Y85\W.#`T
S-C86)A



M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




M/3-$
SXQ
B!-;VYT:'


2P@
C`Q


#$Q/&)R


T1T;W`^0F%L86YC

BPP
C8L-38S

M)`Q-PX





PR,#4I/'-P86X^/]S

]
M

]

CDL-3`X/'-P

3(L


]
T1N=6UP/C
L-C@W+#`X



]

BPX
C$L
M


]




M960@5&%X($)E;F5F:71S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L






]
T1N=6UP/C$L.#4V+#`X


]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#8P+#`P
3QS

]



\


M/DYE=!5;G)E8V]G;FEZ960@5&%X($)E;F5F:71S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-





]


]
T1N=6UP/C$R+#`R-BPU-C





M-S


C$L
C







2PQ-S@I/'-P



M.#
R-5\T
30V7SEA.6%?-S@P-#
S8V%B83

O4VAE970V


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M-BX@16%R;FEN9W
@4&5R(%-H87)E(&]F($-O;6UO;B!3=&]C:R`H1&5T86EL


SXQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
M
C`Q



]


]


]


]

2PP
#8L
#`P/'-P

2PT
M-#8L


]
T1P








M.3

M;7`^
C





]
M




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q




]

I(&9R;VT@
M1&ES8V]N=&EN=65D($]P97)A=&EO;G
L($YE=!O9B!487@\+W1D/@T*(`@

]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@V+#0Y.2PX-CDI/'-P



]
T1N=6T^*#$P+#8W


]




]

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q




I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

3DL-C@X+#4U


]
T1R;SX-











]



]






]
T1N=6UP/B0@





T1T;W`^3F5T


M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#`N


T1T;W`^3F5T($EN


]
T1T97AT



M:6=N/3-$=&]P/E=E:6=H=&5D+6%V97)A9V4@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&]U='-T

I


3DL
M-C@X+#4U


]










]
T1N=6T^*#



]
T1N=6T^*#4L
38S

M;G5M/B@U+#0S.2PR


\



]


]



]

]
M

2PW-#








]
T1N=6T^










]




@




M/3-$;G5M/B0@*#`N













]

]













]



M9G)O;2!#;VYT:6YU:6YG($]P97)A=&EO;G



]


M

]


]
T1N=6T^*#$W









]
T1N=6UP/C0W




]






]
T1R:#X-


]

I

X


]
T1N
M=6UP/C(L-C(U+#`P

]
T1P

M;VYT:6YU:6YG($]P97)A=&EO;G

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@

M86QI9VX]

]


]


@*&EN



]


]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@





M/3-$;G5M/B0@*#`N









X


]
T1N=6UP/C(L-C(U
M+#`P

]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]



S(U7S0Q-#9?
M.6$Y85\W.#`T
S-C86)A

T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS





SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@

M

CXQ


#$R/&)R/E531`H
M)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
M
C`Q

M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P

]

P+`R,#$Q/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^075G+B`S,P@
C`Q
3QB

M

]



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]
T1N


]


]



]
M


]
M

]
M



M4V%L97

L($%F9FEL:6%T92!A;F0@4')O9'5C=&EV92!!

@*&EN(%EU86X@4F5N;6EN8FDI/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L









M;VT@4V%L97

L($%F9FEL:6%T92!A;F0@4')O9'5C=&EV


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$X+#`P
M







]
T1T

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$Q-2PQ
#`L

T+#4P


]

M92D@:6X@3W1H97(@4F5C96EV86)L97


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$Q-2PQ
M
#`L

M1&YU;7`^-S
T+#4P


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$R
BPT
#`L


@86YD(%-P;W0@0V]M;6]D:71I97
L(%!R;W!R

]
T1N=6UP/C$R
BPT
#`L



3`L
C`P+#`P
M








M




]


]

MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

R-5\T
30V7SEA.6%?-S@P-#
S8V%B83
V
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V9D.30X-S1B7S@S
C5?

#0S











SXQ
B!-;VYT
M:'

2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@


]


]



]


]



]



]
T1N=6UP/C
T+#DV


]





T1T;W`^26YC;VUE


]

]


M9B!S=6)S:61I87)I97

]
T1N=6T^
M*#@L
S$X+#
U


]


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#4L-S`U



M
S(U7S0Q-#9?.6$Y85\W.#`T
S-C86)A




M:78]

]
M



M;G


]
T1T



34L(#(P
3


M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P





]

]


]



T1T;W`^17%U:71Y








]
T1N=6UP/C(P


]

]
M


]


R-5\T
30V7SEA
M.6%?-S@P-#
S8V%B83
V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+V9D.30X-S1B7S@S

#0S


M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O





]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q



L


]

L

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#
L
M


M87)T7V9D.30X-S1B7S@S

#0S
V-A8F$S-@T*0V]N





]

M



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@



M


M9VX]






S(U7S0Q-#9?.6$Y85\W.#`T
S-C86)A





M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

3`N(%1R861E(%)E




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


S0R/'-P



]


S@\

M-S1B7S@S

#0S






]

T1)1#!%
D-!

M97






T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q

M
S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C
M+B`S
2P@
C`Q



M
S$L(#(P
3`\8G(^3F]T97

@6TUE


]
T1T97AT







]

]
M
T1N=6T^*#8P



]





]
M

]
M

]




]



S(U7S0Q
M-#9?.6$Y85\W.#`T
S-C86)A



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W

M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

3$N($%D=F%N

S$L(#(P
3(\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
M

]





S(U7S0Q-#9?.6$Y85\W.#`T
M
S-C86)A




^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^





M+#0V





]




]

]
T1N=6UP/C@L-#(T+#(R
#QS


S+#


;V-A=&EO;CH@

S(U7S0Q-#9?.6$Y85\W.#`T
S-C86)A
M



]



RX@3W1H97(@4F5C96EV86)L97
@86YD
M($-O;G-I9&5R871I;VX@4F5C96EV86)L92`H1&5T86EL*2`M(%1A8FQE(&]F


]


L-#




]
M




















M;7`^
RPQ.#$L






T1T;W`^16UP;&]Y965S(%M-

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D]T:&5R(%)E8V5I=F%B;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

S`L



]

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^
M3W1H97(@4F5C96EV86)L92!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C






]






@;V8@1&5C
M96UB97(@
S$L(#(P






2P@
C`Q

M9VX]
T1T;W`^6S)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T('9A


M;F5D(&]N(%L@72`R

S$L(#(P
3


T1T;W`^5&AE(&%D=F%N8V5S(&%R92!U;G-E


M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9F0Y-#@W-&)?.#
R-5\T
30V7SEA.6%?-S@P
M-#
S8V%B83

O4VAE970W-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R





M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

3
N($]T:&5R(%)E8V5I=F%B


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q

M
S$L(#(P



U

]
T1R:#X-









]
T1N=6UP/C$Y+#0U

]
T1R

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@-S@L


R-5\T
30V
M7SEA.6%?-S@P-#
S8V%B83
V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+V9D.30X-S1B7S@S

#0S
V-A8F$S-B]7;W)K

M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
M
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
M
C`Q

]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


M-&)?.#
R-5\T
30V7SEA.6%?-S@P-#
S8V%B83

O4VAE
M970W.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T960M

M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQS=')O




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


M
3$L


]



]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@
3$W+#(Q


R-5\T
30V7SEA.6%?-S@P-#
S
M8V%B83
V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V9D.30X-S1B
M7S@S

#0S




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\





@2&5L9!F;W(@4V%L92`H1&5T86EL*2`H55-$(0I/&)R

M
C@L(#(P






]


@


BPQ
#`L



96%S97





M-#@W-&)?.#
R-5\T
30V7SEA.6%?-S@P-#
S8V%B83
V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V9D.30X-S1B7S@S

M
#0S




^+RH@1&\@


$57





M


#$R/&)R




Y






M;7`^


]





M
RPY







]


]
T1N=6UP/C$S+#`R
2PX




]




C8L
M
#4R+#


]





S(R+#


]








]



#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@


]




]
T1R974^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



SDL-C

]
M













]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3V9F:6-E($5Q=6EP;65N=!;365M8F5R







]

]
M




M-S1B7S@S

#0S






]

T1)1#!%2T-!





]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

M86QI9VX]

@0V%P:71A;&EZ960\+W1D/@T*

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
M






]



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
M








\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@






]
T1T

]











]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@





]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@


S(U7S0Q-#9?.6$Y85\W.#`T
S-C86)A
M



M;W)T(&ED/3-$240P14A.04



SXQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
M
C`Q



]







]

@






L($9I;FET92UL:79E9#PO


]


]








]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M



R-5\T
30V7SEA.6%?-S@P-#
S8V%B
M83
V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V9D.30X-S1B7S@S
M

#0S




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C


]

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$P/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@




M(#$L-#










C0L(#(P
3

]


T1T;W`^3&EN

M:71Y(AI;B!9=6%N(%)E;FUI;F)I*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S




]




M-#@W-&)?.#
R-5\T
30V7SEA.6%?-S@P-#
S8V%B83

O





M9VX]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-C
L
C0P+#



]
T1N=6UP/B0@-30L-C$V+#



]

C`Q
R!;365M8F5R72!\(%!L961G92!2:6=H
M='

]
T1F;CX\+W1D



]
T1N=6UP/C8L
#DY+#
R
M

]



]

86YD
M(%5S92!2:6=H='

]
M




]
T1N=6UP
M/C@L




C4L(#(P
3(@6TUE

]



]



]



]




]



]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@


#$S(%M-96UB97)=('P@

]


]
T1T

]


]

]



]

]
M


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]
M

M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\


C`Q
R!;365M8F5R72!\($AE:6QO;F=J:6%N9R!&











]
T1F;CX\



M
T1T;W`^1&5C96UB97(@-2P@
C`Q
R!;365M8F5R72!\($AE:6QO;F=J:6%N









]

S8\

L(#(P
M
3



]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*


]
T1N=6UP/C(L-38X+#$S-CQS

]


]




]


]









]



]



]
T1N=6UP/C$L-3@X+#@T



]

86YD(&%N9!=6EL9&EN9R!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@









]


]

#$R







]



]


]


]


T1T;W`^3F]V96UB97(@
C
L(#(P


]




]

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@
C
L.#
R+#8P


T0T/CPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$:6YN97)&;V]T


@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/E1H97-E(&QO86YS





]

M
R!V86QI9VX]

#$R('1O($IU;'D@.2P@
C`Q
M

T1T;W`^6S-=/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M;B!W87

M($UR+B!

#$R('1O($YO=F5M8F5R(#$X+`R,#$S+CPO=&0^#0H@(`@


S(U7S0Q-#9?.6$Y85\W.#`T
M
S-C86)A








M
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C
M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]

C`Q
R!;
M365M8F5R72!\(%!L961G92!2:6=H='


]



]



]


]

86YD(%5S92!2:6=H='


]

]
T1P



]



]


RPU
M





]

M86QI9VX]




]



C4L(#(P


]



]





]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


]




]
T1T97AT


T1T;W`^46EQ:6AA97(@1F5I:&4@4V]Y8F5A;B!#;RXL





86YD
M(%5S92!2:6=H='

]
M

]



]

:6UI=&5D(CB
M@)Q&96EH92!3;WEB96%NXH=*2!;365M8F5R72!\($IU;'D@
2P@
C`Q
R!;


]

M;65N='

]


]

#$S(%M-96UB97)=('P@


]

]


]

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y*=6P@

]


]


2PT-#`L-C
S/'-P


M86YN86X@1FQY:6YG($-R86YE($1A:7)Y(%!R;V1U8W1S($-O+BP@3&EM:71E

]


]

]
M


]
T1T

]






@0V\N+!,:6UI=&5D(CB@)Q'86YN86X@1F5I:&7B@)TI

]



3

@
C

]
T1R:#X-

]





3
@6TUE;6)E


]

M=&EO;B!O9B!297%U:7)E;65N='


M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/DIU;'D@
2P@
C`Q
R!;365M8F5R72!\(%%U:6-K(%)A
M=&EO(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\




]



T1T;W`^2G5L


]


]


]

M/3-$=&5X=#Y*=6P@


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^075G=7-T(#(Y+`R
#$S(%M-96UB





P)3QS


T1T;W`^

3




M.2P@
C`Q


M1&YU;7`^-BXS


]


#$S






]







]


]


]


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


*`G2D@6TUE
M;6)E<ET\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA<W
]












]






]
M
T1T97AT/C$P


]



]

M:7)E;65N='



M/D1E8V5M8F5R(#
L(#(P
3

M(%M-96UB97)=('P@2&5I;&]N9VII86YG($9E:6AE($1A:7)Y($-O+BP@3&EM




]


T1T;W`^1&5C96UB97(@
RP@
C`Q
R!;365M8F5R72!\

@



]


]





#$S(%M-96UB97)=('P@3&]A;B!!(%M-96UB97)=('P@2&5I;&]N9VII

M@)TI(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\








C`Q


T1T;W`^1&5C96UB97(@
RP@
C`Q
R!;365M8F5R72!\


M1&YU;7`^-BXQ






]






M:R!




]




]


]



T1T;W`^075G=7-T(#

*`G2D@6TUE;6)E<ET\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA<W
]
M


M9VX]




S`L(#(P

*`G2D@
M6TUE;6)E<ET\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA<W
]



T1T;W`^4VAO

]





]
T1T97AT/D%U
M9R`S
P-@D)
C`Q

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4V5P=&5M8F5R(#$T+`R
#$R(%M-96UB97)=('P@








30L
M(#(P

M;V8@4F5Q=6ER96UE;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X

M=#XV


]

C`Q
B!;365M8F5R72!\($AE:6QO;F=J





M:R!





]



T1T


M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y.;W8@,C,L#0H)3(P




M:6AE($1A:7)YXH=*2!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S





]



]



]







]




M/3-$=&]P/D1E8V5M8F5R(#(V+`R,#$R(%M-96UB97)=('P@3&%N9!A;F0@

]
T1T

]


M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y$96
@

]
T1R

#$R(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S






C`Q




C`Q
B!;365M8F5R72!\


]


]




T1T;W`^1&5C
M96UB97(@
S`L(#(P


]









]

M86QI9VX]


M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y$96,@,S`L#0H)3(P
3(\



]



T1T;W`^



C5?-#$T

#0S






]

T1)1#!%4T5!0SX-B`@(`@(#QT


M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L


]
T1R







]
T1N=6UP/C@V






S(U7S0Q
M-#9?.6$Y85\W.#`T
S-C86)A


T0G


^#0H@(`@(`\


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#






]


S(W+#(X



]


]
T1N
M=6UP/C
S+#


]

]



MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

R-5\T
30V7SEA.6%?-S@P-#
S8V%B83
V
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V9D.30X-S1B7S@S
C5?

#0S











]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


M;W)A=&5D(&EN('1H92!04D
@87)E(&5N=&ET;&5D('1O('-T869F('=E;&9A



M(&)E;F5F:71S+B!4:&5S92!C;VUP86YI97


@8F%S960@;VX@8V5R=&%I;B!P97)C




#$R+`R,#$Q(&%N9`R
#$P


@96YD
M960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(L(#(P
3$@86YD(#(P


L(&EN('1H92!A8V-O;7!A




]


]

M3W1H97(@4&]S=')E=&ER96UE;G0@4&QA;G





M:&5V97(@:7

@;W=N(&1I




]





]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@




















S(U7S0Q-#9?.6$Y85\W
M.#`T
S-C86)A



CY$96
N(#

T0R
M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P


]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@
SDL-38Q+#


T1T;W`^


M8V5S(&9R;VT@96UP;&]Y965S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$





5T\

]
T1F;CX\



]


]

]

]










BPT-S`L


]

]


M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\


]


]




]





#DY
M+#0V







@=&AE;2!T;R!B


S$V+#DY
B!T;R!T:&4@;&]C86P@0V]U;G1Y($9I;F%N8V4@
M1&5P87)T;65N=X@5&AE(')E;6%I;FEN9R!B86QA;F-E(&]F(0X-C
L.38R
M(&EN(#(P


M(&]U='-T86YD:6YG(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#



M;&QA;F5O=7


M7V9D.30X-S1B7S@S

#0S
V-A8F$S-@T*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)










M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9F0Y-#@W-&)?.#
R-5\T
30V7SEA.6%?
M-S@P-#
S8V%B83

O4VAE970Y-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT





M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]




T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO




M17%U:7!M96YT(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$


M/3-$=&]P/DQO86X@4&%Y86)L971O(&$@8F%N:R!I;B!04D






L






]









L

M+#0S
RPQ.#









]


M1#(^

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
3QB

]








T1T;W`^
M3&]A;B!P87EA8FQE('1O(&$@8F%N:R!I;B!04D
L(&UA='5R:71Y(&1A=&4\

C`Q
M

C`Q

]
M








@0V\N+!,:6UI=&5D(CB@)Q
86YG9F%N9R!&96EH

]
T1T97AT

]

]
T1N=6UP/C4N-S8E/'-P86X^



M
3

M=#Y$96
@
C



M
S(U7S0Q-#9?.6$Y85\W.#`T
S-C86)A




M:78]

]
M



]

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`Y/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S


#$P/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



T1T


@;V8@=&AE(&QE87-E



N(%1H

#$P+!A;F0@=&AE(&5Q=6EP;65N=!U;F1E


2PQ
#`L
S8V(&%N9`D,2PT-3,L-3$X+!R97-P




]


@*&EN(%EU86X@4F5N

BPU


#`L










#`L

M($5Q=6EP;65N=P@17-T:6UA=&5D(%5S969U;!

]



#`E.R!F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#(P#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[

M#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
B4G/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`S,PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#0E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A


M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

3`-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<CL@=F5R=&EC86PM
M86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;2<^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@,30-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D



M

C

M(`@(!/9F9I8V4@97%U:7!M96YT#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@


M;&4]
T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T
M=&]M)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@-0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX-


M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C

M(`@(`M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#@-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@




]


]


]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V%P:71A;!

2PQ
#`L

2PT-3
L-3$X




]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/C(Y


]
T1N=6UP/C
Y+#




]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M




R
M-5\T
30V7SEA.6%?-S@P-#
S8V%B83




M;W)T(&ED/3-$240P14%.04



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@









30\+W1D/@T*





34\+W1D/@T*





97-S(&%M


]




M96%S92!O8FQI9V%T:6]N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M
M/B@Q




S`L

S(U7S0Q-#9?.6$Y
M85\W.#`T
S-C86)A



^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@





2PX






M;7`^

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^3F]T97
@4&%Y86)L92P@4F5L871E9!087)T:65S/]T

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-3`L.#0S


]

]


]


S(U7S0Q
M-#9?.6$Y85\W.#`T
S-C86)A






]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#






M97

]
T1N=6UP/C@V+#(Q
M

]

]
M


M9VX]
T1T;W`^1'5E(&9R;VT@4F5L871E9!087)T:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@


]

]

]
T1N=6UP/C
L.#`T/'-P86X^

RPU.3
\







S(U7S0Q-#9?
M.6$Y85\W.#`T
S-C86)A

2YH=&UL#0I#


M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

C@N(%)E;&%T
M960@4&%R='D@5')A;G-A8W1I;VYS(A$971A:6PI(T@5&%B;&4@;V8@4&%Y
M86)L97
@86YD(%)E8V5I=F%B;&5S('=I=&@@1&ER96-T;W)S(A54T0@)D\

]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#








]
T1N=6UP/C@V
M+#(Q

]


]








]
T1T

]


]


]


T1T;W`^3&EU($AU82!;365M8F5R73PO



]
T1N=6UP/C(P+#$Y
3QS


M


]


]





M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9F0Y-#@W-&)?.#
R-5\T
30V7SEA.6%?
M-S@P-#
S8V%B83

O4VAE970Q
#(N:'1M;`T*0V]N=&5N



^+RH@


M









M
T0R/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S

2P@
C`Q


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1'5E(&9R;VT@4F5L871E9!#;VUP
M86YI97


]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]
M

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M
M/B@Q+#@T





]

]
M

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5&%N9W-H
M86X@1F5I:&4@5')A9&EN9R!#;VUP86YY(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@


]
T1R93X-









C@L




















M
T1T;W`^02!C;VUP86YY(&UA;F%G960@8GD@=&AE(&UA;F%G96UE;G0@;V8@


R-5\T
M
30V7SEA.6%?-S@P-#
S8V%B83

O4VAE970Q
#
N:'1M










SXQ
B!-;VYT:'

M
2P@
C`Q



]



]

]











;V-A=&EO

S(U7S0Q-#9?.6$Y85\W.#`T
S-C
M86)A

M;G1E;G0]


]

M;'-P86X]
T0Q/C8@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L

3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@



M
S(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@

^
2!-;VYT:'

2P@
M
C`Q


]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#

M/DIU;BX@
S`L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^07!R+B`S

]
M
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

M/D%U9RX@
S`L(#(P




]

]


]


]


]







I











]




]


]
T1N=6UP/C(L-C(U+#`P


]



T1T;W`^4W1O8VL@4F5P=7)C:&%S




]
M

]
M


M9VX]
T1T;W`^4&%Y;65N='


M;7`^
38L
S`P+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C$V+#$P










2XU


]

2XU

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]


I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D







C5?-#$T-E\Y83EA

#0S





]

M86X]
T0Q/C4@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S

@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@



@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@


M
RP@


]
T1T:#Y-
M87D@
C0L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M2G5L+B`R.2P@
C`Q


34L(#(P
#@\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^4W1O8VL@

]
T1T:#Y-
M87D@

#
\8G(^4W1O8VL@26YC96YT:79E(%!L86X@
C`P
R!;365M

]

#`Y(%!L86XB*2!A;F0@=&AE(#(P
#
@4W1O
M8VL@26YC96YT:79E(%!L86X@*'1H92`B
C`P
R!0;&%N(BDN(%1H92!#;VUP



@:6X@86-C;W5N
M=&EN9R!F;W(@=&AE(#(P
#D@4&QA;B!A;F0@=&AE(#(P
#
@4&QA;BP@=VAI


M(#(P

#DL('1H
M92!#;VUP86YY)W

M

#D@06YN=6%L($UE


@

L(&EN8VQU9&EN

M(&]P=&EO;G


M;VUP86YY)W


C`P.2!0;&%N(&ES(#(L
#`P+#`P
F5D('-H87)E<R!T:&%T+!A<R!O9B!-87D@-RP@
M

M;VUP86YY)W
@
C`P

M(#(P






38N.#8@86YD(&$@8V]N=')A8W1U86P@;&EF92!O9B`V




@
C`P
M.2P@
C`Q



@870@=&AE('1I;64@

N($EF('1H92!P97)F;W)M



Q


#DL('1H

@=&AA=!W;W5L9!O=&AE



#$Q+B!4:&4@

M+B`T




C`P.2P@86X@;W!T


3(M;6]N=&@@86YN:79E


M(&5X97)C:7-E('!R:6-E(&]F(0Q-B!A;F0@8V]N=')A8W1U86P@;&EF92!O
M9B`T('EE87)S+B!/;B!/8W1O8F5R(#(S+`R

#`@

@=&\@86X@96UP;&]Y964@
M;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@=6YD97(@=&AE(#(P


@:&%D(&%N(&5X97)C:7-E('!R:6-E(&]F

N(%1H






#$R+!T:&4@96UP;&]Y
M964@=&5R;6EN871E9!H:7
@96UP;&]Y;65N=!W:71H('1H92!#;VUP86YY
M+!A;F0@=&AE(&]P=&EO;G



3`L(&]P=&EO;G






2P@
C`Q



@97-T:6UA=&5D(&]N('1H92!D871E
M(&]F(&=R86YT('5S:6YG('1H92!;&%C:RU38VAO;&5S(&]P=&EO;B!V86QU
M871I;VX@;6]D96P@=&\@8F4@)#$V-PU
38N($]N($IU;'D@
CDL(#(P
3$L


M+#
S
BPP

@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K




@;V8@


2P@
C`Q
BP@
C`Q
R!A;F0@



RPU
#0L(&]F('=H:6-H(0R+#`R.2PT,#0@86YD(0Q
M+#(R


S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P
3$L

@8F%S960@;VX@=&AE


#$R+`R,#$Q(&%N9`R
#$P+!T:&5R92!W87,@)#(L,#(Y
M+#0P-P@)#$L-#`U+#$Q-B!A;F0@)#$L-S$P+#(W
B!C;VUP96YS871I;VX@

2`W+`R





@;VX@=&AE(#$R+6UO
M;G1H(&%N;FEV97)S87)Y(&]F('1H92!D871E(&]F(&=R86YT('=I=&@@86X@






I(`@(`@(%53)`@(%53)`@(%53)`@(`@


M(`Q,XT-2`@(`Q-2XX-`@(`W,2PQ.3`@(`@
RXY-R`@1W)A;G1E9`@
M(#$L,S,R+#`P,`@(`U+C(R(`@(#@N
S(@(`@(`@(#8N
#`@($5X97)C
M:7-E9`@(T@(`@+2`@(`M(`@(`@(`M(!&;W)F96ET960@;W(@97AP
M:7)E9`@(@W-#(L
C0U(D@(`Q
2XP.`@(`Q-2XW-2`@(`@(`@

M-BPP
#`@(`@-2XS,2`@(`X+C8V(`@(T@(`@-2XR-2`@1W)A;G1E9`@


S(@

R(`@(T@(`@-XU.`@
M*#$I(%1H92!I;G1R:6YS:6,@=F%L=65S(&]F(&]P=&EO;G,@870@1&5C96UB
M97(@,S$L(#(P,3(@86YD($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R


M8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R


M=64@(`@(`@55

3`N
C0@($=R86YT960@(`Q+#,S,BPP,#`@(`@
M-2XR

V
BPP

#$R+!T:&5R92!W87,@82!T;W1A
M;!O9B`D
2PX-3


#D@4&QA;G
N(%1H92!C;W-T

@

M92!A=V%R9'

M=&]T86P@;V8@-C



C`Q
2P@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:7-S=65D(&$@
M=&]T86P@;V8@-#
L

M87)K970@=F%L=64@;V8@)#
S-RPU





2P@
C`Q
M

C`Q
BP@=&AE
M($-O;7!A;GD@:7-S=65D(&$@=&]T86P@;V8@-S`L




M;W(@=&AE('EE87(@
C`Q

M










]
T1R93X-

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S
W+#4S


]


]


]


]















BPP
#`L


\+W1D

]
T1N=6UP/C4P+#`P


]


]
T1N
M=6UP/C@T+#`P


]

]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(L
















M;&5D+B!);B!*=6YE(#(P
3(L('1H92!E;7!L;WEE92!T97)M:6YA=&5D(&AI






@=V5R92!T;R!V
M97-T(&EN('1W;V5Q=6%L('1R86YC:&5S(&]N('1H92!F;W5R=&@@86YD(&9I
M9G1H(&%N;FEV97)S87)I97


#DL
M(#(P
3`@86YD(#(P





M;V8@)#@N


@=&\@8F4@86X@96UP


@870@=&AE('1I;64@;V8@=&AE(')E;&5V



@=V%S(&=R86YT960@=&\@


3(N
#`@86YD(&$@8V]N=')A8W1U86P@;&EF92!O9B`T('EE

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]

@

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@


]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@



M










]







3$@9&%Y

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T



M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XQ
B!M;VYT:'
















@:6X@4&5R:6]D







]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-2XR


]


]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1V5N97)A;!A;F0@


]


]


]


]

]
M


]
T1N=6UP/C$L
C(P+#@R


]



]











]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M
T1N=6UP/C
L
#`P+#`P

]
M


I










]


]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
BXU
3QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^
M16UP;&]Y964@4V5R=FEC92!3:&%R92UB87-E9!#;VUP96YS871I;VXL($YO



]


]


]


]











]


]


]





]


]


]


]


]

M8V5M8F5R(#

C
W+#DS-R!W87)R


@86YD(&$@=V5I

30N-2!P97(@=V%R

2P@
C`Q
M
B!A;F0@
C`Q




]































]


]


]

]
M


]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


M9F0Y-#@W-&)?.#
R-5\T
30V7SEA.6%?-S@P-#
S8V%B83
V#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V9D.30X-S1B7S@S
C5?-#$T-E\Y83EA

#0S


T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J


M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


M($-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;B`H1&5T86EL*2`M(%1A8FQE(&]F($9A:7(@5F%L=64@
M07-S=6UP=&EO;G



]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#






]
T1R93X-B`@(`@



BXV



M8E\X
S(U7S0Q-#9?.6$Y85\W.#`T
S-C86)A

M=#$P-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T960M

M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O







]

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CD@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H

^



]
T1T:#Y-87D@

#D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`R.2P@
C`Q

#$P/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

34L(#(P
#@\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]

M;B!3:&%R97







M-BPP
















T1T


]
M

]
M

]
M




]






]














M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XV('EE87)S/'-P86X^/]S

]
T1T97AT/C(@




]




S`L
#`P/'-P

M


M;7`^
2PS
S(L




2PS
S(L


]
T1T

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@-2XR

M86QI9VX]






]

]
T1T97AT

]










M


]


]


]











T1T;W`^1F]R

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T





#0S
V-A8F$S-@T*



M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

S`N(%-H



]

M(&-O;'-P86X]


]

T0R

]


]

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L
M(#(P


]


]


]



]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@-2XU


]


]
T1N=6UP/C
P+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C$L
S
R+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C@P+#`P
#QS

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
M
S
R+#`P


M9VX]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
38T+#4Q

]
T1T97AT

]
M

]


]
T1N=6T^*#8S+#`P


]











]
T1N=6T^*#8R











S(U7S0Q-#9?.6$Y
M85\W.#`T
S-C86)A









^

S$L
M(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
M
2P@
C`Q

#$P/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
BPQ
S8L
S$X



R-5\T
30V7SEA.6%?-S@P
M-#
S8V%B83
V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V9D.30X
M-S1B7S@S

#0S

M965T


M='`M97%U:78]

]


BX@0V]M;6ET;65N='
@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97
@*$1E=&%I

SXQ
B!-;VYT:'

M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]




@86YD(&-O;7!U=&5R(&5Q=6EP

C`L
#(U

]







L
S@Q/'-P









]


]


]
M




]



]



]
T1T97AT/D]T:&5R


@0VAA:7)M86X@86YD($-H:65F($5X96-U=&EV92!/9F9I








@9F]R;65D(&$@4W!E8VEA;!#;VUM:71T964@;V8@:6YD
M97!E;F1E;G0@9&ER96-T;W)S(AT:&4@(E-P96-I86P@0V]M;6ET=&5E(BD@



]


T1T;W`^3&ET:6=A=&EO;BP@


M960@;&ET:6=A=&EO;B!);B!/8W1O8F5R(#(P
3(L('1H92!#;VUP86YY)W
@


2!!
M<VEA+!);F

@:6X@82!G;VEN9R!P












M86PN(%1H92!P;&%I;G1I9F9S(&EN(&)O=&@@=&AE(%5T86@@86YD($-A;&EF
M;W)N:6$@8V%S97



@







S(U7S0Q
M-#9?.6$Y85\W.#`T
S-C86)A

2YH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$





]
M


]



RP@
M
C`Q

M;F0-B`-B`@(`@(%!L86X@;V8@365R9V5R(AT:&4@)B
X


C$[*2!W:71H#0H@#0H@(`@(!$:6%M;VYD($EN

M(S@R
C`[2&]L9&-O)B
X


X
M

M(%-U8B!(;VQD:6YG#0H@#0H@(`@(!);F


M(%-U8B8C.#(R


@

M=6)S:61I87)Y(&]F($AO;&1C;R`H=&AE(8C.#(R,#M-97)G97(F(S@R,C$[
M*2X@26X-B`-B`@(`@(&-O;FYE8W1I;VX@=VET:!A;F0@870@=&AE(&5F
M9F5C=&EV92!T:6UE(&]F('1H92!-97)G97(L(&5A8V@-B`@(`T*(`@(`@



M('1O('1H92!E9F9E8W1I=F4@=&EM92!O9B!T:&4@365R9V5R('=I;&P@8F4-
MB`@(`T*(`@(`@8V%N8V5L;&5D(&EN(&-O;G-I9&5R871I;VX@9F]R('1H
M92!R:6=H=!T;R!R96-E:79E(0W+C0P(&EN#0H@(`T*(`@(`@8V%S:!W







]
M



M9SY#;VYD96YS960@1FEN86YC:6%L(%-T871E;65N='
@;V8@4&%R96YT($-O



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#








M(#0P+#0R-2PS


U


RPT.3






]





]
T1R974^




#`L-#8U+#`V


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26YV97-T;65N=!I;B!S=6)S:61I
M87)I97


]














]
T1R

]








M96UA8FQE(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R`H55
D

M86YD(#$L
S$R+#4P
!S:&%R97,@:7-S=65D(&%N9!O=71S=&%N9&EN9R!A

2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q



T1T

3DX+#8S

#@L-#
W+#4S


]


]

M-34L

M1&YU;7`^.#8L




]
T1N=6UP/C$R+#`R
M-BPU-C





T1T;W`^5&]T86P@;&EA8FEL:71I97


C8V+#
P
RPP.#$\




]
T1R;W4^#0H@



]
M


M9VX]


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]


]

M86QI9VX]

#`Q


@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P
M

]
T1N
M=6UP/C
















\+W1D


]
T1R





]



]




]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@




]


]
T1N=6UP/C$U.2PQ
M
34L



]

]




#`P/'-P


]
T1T

]

]
M
T1N=6UP/CDS

3`U+#`P


]


]





2PS.34L
C@R/'-P86X^

S0L
3$R

]
T1T

]


3(L

]




]

]
T1T




]
T1N=6UP/C
R+#@P






]

]
T1N=6UP/C(P


M

RPY.3









]



]

]
M

]
M


M9VX]



]


]



]

Q
BPU



]

]


R-5\T
30V7SEA.6%?
M-S@P-#
S8V%B83
V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V9D
M.30X-S1B7S@S

#0S

M+U-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]



@;V8@4&%R



T1T;W`^3F]T97
@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
RPS-3`L





]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1R93X-

@:7-S=65D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


3DL-S$T+#(Y


]

3DL-S@T+#(Y




]
T1R;SX-



3QS



]
M



]
T1N=6UP/C$L
S$R+#4P


]

]
T1R


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
RPS-3`L













;V-A

S(U7S0Q-#9?.6$Y85\W.#`T
M
S-C86)A


M(&-O;G1E;G0]



M1#
^

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
3QB

#$P




2PS
#8L




]
T1N=6UP/CDL-3@R+#`Y




]
T1N=6UP/C
L








]
T1N=6T^*#0L

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q

]
M
T1N=6UP/C(W.2PW



C$L
3@V+#4Q


M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Y+#@Y




RPW




N/]T9#X-B`@

2PQ-C(L



]


]
T1N=6T^*#$V
M-BPY

M1&YU;3XH





]


]

]
M

M


3(L
C4P+#



T1T;W`^0VAA;F=E(&EN(&9A:7(@




]


]




M+#@X


]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C(S+#@Y




]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1V5N97)A;!A;F0@




]

]
T1N=6T^*#0L
#@S+#`P.2D\








3(L










]
T1N=6T^*#

]
T1R;W4^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



BPS.38L


M969I='


]

L

]
T1P

I(&]F


]

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U+#0T



T1T;W`^3F5T(&EN8V]M92`H;&]S



T1T;W`^4V5T=&QE;65N=!O
M9B!R961E96UA8FQE(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C


2PP
S
L-S




]


]
T1N=6T^*#$L.#DT+#`V


]


]

M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q


T1T






]
T1N=6UP/C8L

C@L




]
T1T

]

]
T1N=6UP/C(L-S0X+#$S


]


M

]


RPY
3`L-#
R/'-P



#0S
M






^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$P/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R












]
T1N=6UP





]

]
T1N


]

]


BPP
M




]


M



]


3


]
T1N=6UP/C8R+#8Y-2PR
#






@9G)O;2!F:6YA


]


T1T;W`^4')O8V5E9'


]



T1T;W`^4')O8V5E
M9'



]


M8GD@*'5S960@:6XI(&9I;F%N8VEN9R!A8W1I=FET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S-RPQ-38L



34L
S4S
M+#@X


]



]
T1N=6UP/C$V+#$X
RPT.3


C$L
38R+#
P
3QS

M/3-$;G5M/B@Y+#4X







M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R-2PV-3$L
3





]



T1T;W`^/'-T


]
T1R;SX-










T1T;W`^*$EN



]



3$U/'-P86X^





]
T1R93X-

]
T1N=6T^*#$P-2PP

3`U+#`P





]
T1N=6UP/C$V-2PT
M-C







]
T1N=6UP/C8L



]
M









]
M
T1N=6UP/C
S+#
V.2PV






]



]
T1R

M;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T-C
L-#@Y*3QS









R-5\T
30V7SEA
M.6%?-S@P-#
S8V%B83
V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+V9D.30X-S1B7S@S

#0S



T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M
M87

M
T0B4VAE970P
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#(N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T
#4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`V
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#`Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
M
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3$N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970Q
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M
30N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$U+FAT;6PB+SX-

T0B4VAE970Q.2YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970R,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C,N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T
C8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(W+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
CDN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#
P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S,2YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970S-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S4N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T
S@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
Y+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#0R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T,RYH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M

M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T-3`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4Q
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#4T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U
M-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-38N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970U.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M-3DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8P+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970V
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#8S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970V-YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970V-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C@N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970W

T0B4VAE970W
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-S0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3


T0B
M4VAE970W.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#`N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970X,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T.#,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@T+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970X-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#@W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970X.YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#DP+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M,T0B4VAE970Y,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.3(N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#DS+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Y-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T.34N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#DV
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Y-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.3@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#DY+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q
M,#`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$P,2YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3`R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
#
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#$P-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3`U+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$P-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T
3`X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q
M,#DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Q,YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3$Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,3(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#$Q,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3$T+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
34N:'1M;(O/@T*/]X

C5?-#$T-E\Y83EA

#0S
V-A8F$S-BTM#0H`
`
end











    
  
      

12. Inventories
 Net (Tables)

        

      






Schedule of Inventory
 Current [Table Text Block]
        


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2011


          &#160;




          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;




          Raw materials


          &#160;


          &#160;


          13
668
736


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          15
461
871


          &#160;




          Work-in-progress


          &#160;


          &#160;


          8
745
336


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          8
678
336


          &#160;




          Finished goods


          &#160;


          &#160;


          8
424
220


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          9
188
742


          &#160;




          Total inventories


          &#160;


          &#160;


          30
838
292


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          33
328
949


          &#160;


    




        
          

        
          
            

 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
              
 -Subparagraph a
b
c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
      
    
      In November 2009
 the Group entered a six-year capital lease
      agreement for certain equipment under construction. The terms
      of the lease required an initial payment of RMB5 million (or
      approximately $802
542) and required a RMB1 million (or
      approximately $160
508) payment on January 30th of each year
      after successful completion of production quality tests. The
      installment and trial run of the equipment was completed in
      2010
 and the equipment under the capital lease is
      depreciated over an estimated productive life of 14 years
      when placed into service after passing production quality
      tests. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Group had
      $1
100
366 and $1
453
518
 respectively
 of equipment subject
      to the capital lease obligation.
    
      Minimum future lease payments under capital leases as of
      December 31
 2012
 were as follows:
    


          &#160;


          &#160;


          Future payments


          &#160;




          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;




          2013


          &#160;


          &#160;


          160
508


          &#160;




          2014


          &#160;


          &#160;


          160
508


          &#160;




          2015


          &#160;


          &#160;


          160
509


          &#160;




          Total minimum lease payments as of December 31
 2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          481
525


          &#160;




          Less amount representing interest


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (46
947


          )




          Net present value of minimum lease payments


          &#160;


          &#160;


          434
578


          &#160;




          Current portion of capital lease obligation


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (137
722


          )




          Non-current portion of capital lease obligation


          &#160;


          &#160;


          296
856


          &#160;


    
      The interest rate on the capital lease is 5.31%. There was
      $29
629
 $35
268 and $39
368 amortization of interest
      recorded for the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and
      2010
 respectively. Accumulated amortization was $104
265 and
      $74
636 as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.
    




        
          

        
          
            

 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants. Also includes descriptions and amounts of capital leasing arrangements that consist of direct financing
 sales type and leveraged leases. Disclosure may include the effect on the balance sheet and the income statement resulting from a change in lease classification for leases that at inception would have been classified differently had guidance been in effect at the inception of the original lease.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
      
    
      Long term bank loans comprised the following as of December
      31
 2012 and 2011:
    


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2011


          &#160;




          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;




          Loan payable to a bank in PRC
 bearing interest at 5.76%
          per annum
 guaranteed by Langfang Feihe and payable on
          maturity. The loan commenced on December 24
 2009 and was
          originally due on December 24
 2014. The maturity date
          was changed to December 23
 2013 pursuant to a
          supplemental agreement


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2
433
183


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          8
353
996


          &#160;




          Loan payable to a bank in PRC
 bearing interest at 5.96%
          per annum
 secured by Gannan Feihe&#8217;s machinery with
          a carrying amount of $5
778
788 as of December 31
 2012.
          The loan commenced on December 24
 2010 and was
          originally due on December 24
 2015 . The maturity date
          was changed to December 23
 2013 pursuant to a
          supplemental agreement


          &#160;


          &#160;


          3
571
314


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          3
535
169


          &#160;




          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          6
004
497


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          11
889
165


          &#160;




          Less: current portion of long term bank loans


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (6
004
497


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (5
945
439


          )




          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          5
943
726


          &#160;


    



          

        


        
        
      
    

      loans the Company obtained to make the redemption payment for

      Growth Fund I
 LP and certain of its affiliates and designees
      (collectively
 &#8220;Sequoia&#8221;)
 and

      dollars to redeem the redeemable common stock
 the Company
      entered into an agreement with a group of overseas third
      party companies and one third party individual to borrow a
      total amount of $59.2 million. The loans are interest free
      with an initial period of two years starting from the day
      when the Company received the loans. The lenders have agreed

    
      In order to provide confidence for settlement of the term
      loans mentioned above
 as well as to serve as a source of
      obtaining US dollars for the Company&#8217;s business needs
      in the year following the loans
 the Company deposited a

      (approximately $79 million) with six domestic companies and

      The deposits will not be returned to the Company until the
      Company repays the full amount of loans. 
    




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        

861
596

842
755


        

276

213



          

        
        


        

191

759


        
        

777



          

        
        


        

804

593



          

        
        


        

363

843




        
          

        
          
            

 amounts due from related parties including affiliates
 employees
 joint ventures
 officers and stockholders
 immediate families thereof
 and pension funds.
              
 -Paragraph 16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.15(3)
 -Subparagraph 3
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

2. Principal Accounting Policies (Detail) - Summary of Estimated Useful Lives for Significant Property
 Plant
 and Equipment

        

      







          

        


Property
 Plant
 and Equipment
        



          

        


Property
 Plant
 and Equipment
        



          

        


Property
 Plant
 and Equipment
        



          

        


Property
 Plant
 and Equipment
        



          

        


Property
 Plant
 and Equipment
        



          

        


Property
 Plant
 and Equipment
        



          

        


Property
 Plant
 and Equipment
        




        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Fair Value Measurements
 Recurring and Nonrecurring [Table Text Block]
        


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          Fair&#160;value&#160;measurement


          &#160;




          Description


          &#160;


          December&#160;31


          &#160;


          &#160;


          Quoted&#160;prices in&#160;active markets&#160;of
          identical&#160;assets (Level&#160;1)


          &#160;


          &#160;


          Significant &#160;other observable inputs (Level&#160;2)


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          Significant unobservable inputs &#160;(Level&#160;3)


          &#160;




          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;




          Investment in mutual funds - 2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          117
210


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          117
210


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;




          Investment in mutual funds - 2011


          &#160;


          &#160;


          111
116


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          111
116


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


    




        
          

        
          
            

 including financial instruments measured at fair value that are classified in shareholders' equity
 if any
 that are measured at fair value on a recurring and/or nonrecurring basis in periods after initial recognition. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to: (a) the fair value measurements recorded and the reasons for the measurements and (b) the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements are categorized in their entirety (levels 1
 2
 3) as well as transfers between levels 1 and 2.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (a
b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
      
    


          






    
      Due from/to related parties included in the consolidated
      balance sheets as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 comprised the
      following:
    


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2011


          &#160;




          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;




          Due from related parties:

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          Due from Directors of the Group


          &#160;


          &#160;


          20
191


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          194
759


          &#160;




          Total


          &#160;


          &#160;


          20
191


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          194
759


          &#160;


    


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2011


          &#160;




          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;




          Due to related parties:

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          Due to directors of the Group


          &#160;


          &#160;


          109


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          31
777


          &#160;




          Due to related company


          &#160;


          &#160;


          3
804


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          3
593


          &#160;




          Loan payable to a related party


          &#160;


          &#160;


          51
363


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          50
843


          &#160;




          Total


          &#160;


          &#160;


          55
276


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          86
213


          &#160;


    
      
    
      As part of normal business operations
 Directors of the Group
      will from time to time incur routine expenses on behalf of
      the Group
 or receive general advances from the Group for
      settlement of Group expenses
 such as travel
 meals
 and
      other business expenses. The amounts advanced are settled
      periodically throughout the year and amounts outstanding at
      year end are short term in nature and due on demand. During
      2012
 advances to directors aggregated to $873
468 and
      payments from directors aggregated to $1
047
922. During
      2011
 advances to directors aggregated to $271
820 and
      repayments to directors aggregated to $129
797.
    
      As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Group had the following
      balances due from its Directors:
    


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2011


          &#160;




          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;




          Leng You-Bin


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          79
442


          &#160;




          Liu Sheng-Hui


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          95
330


          &#160;




          Liu Hua


          &#160;


          &#160;


          20
191


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          19
987


          &#160;




          Total


          &#160;


          &#160;


          20
191


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          194
759


          &#160;


    
      As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Group had the following
      balances due to its Directors:
    


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2012

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          2011


          &#160;




          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          US$

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;




          Liu Sheng-Hui


          &#160;


          &#160;


          109


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;




          Leng You-Bin


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          31
777


          &#160;




          Total


          &#160;


          &#160;


          109

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          31
777


          &#160;


    
      
    
      Mr. Leng You-Bin is the Chairman
 Chief Executive Officer
      President
 and General Manager of the Group. During the years
      ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 the Group had certain
      transactions on an arm&#8217;s length basis with companies
      owned by close family members of Mr. Leng.
    
      Tangshan Feihe Trading Company and Qinhuangdao Feihe Trading
      Company are owned by relatives of Mr. Leng
 and are therefore
      regarded as related parties.
    
      As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Group had the following
      balances due from its related companies:
    


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2011


          &#160;




          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;




          Tangshan Feihe Trading Company


          &#160;


          &#160;


          1
833
542


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          1
814
985


          &#160;




          Qinhuangdao Feihe Trading Company


          &#160;


          &#160;


          28
054


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          27
770


          &#160;




          Total


          &#160;


          &#160;


          1
861
596


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          1
842
755


          &#160;




          Less: Allowance for doubtful debts


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (1
861
596


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (1
842
755


          )




          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


    
      As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Group had the following
      balance due to its related company:
    


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2011


          &#160;




          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;




          Dalian Hewang Trading Company (i)


          &#160;


          &#160;


          3
804


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          3
593


          &#160;




          Total


          &#160;


          &#160;


          3
804


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          3
593


          &#160;


    
      (i) A company managed by the management of the
      Company&#8217;s subsidiary.
    


          






    
      For the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 the
      Group made sales of goods to the following related companies:
    


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2011


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2010


          &#160;




          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;




          Tangshan Feihe Trading Company


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          1
562
374


          &#160;




          Dalian Hewang Trading Company


          &#160;


          &#160;


          276
242


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          205
880


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          197
345


          &#160;




          Total


          &#160;


          &#160;


          276
242


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          205
880


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          1
759
719


          &#160;


    
      
    
      The Group has an outstanding loan payable to a charitable
      organization established by Mr. Leng for under privileged
      children in the Heilongjiang province of the PRC of $51
363
      and $50
843 as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.
      The loan is unsecured
 bears interest at 5.85% per annum and
      is payable on demand.
    




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
      
    
      In August 2009
 pursuant to a subscription agreement (the
      &#8220;Subscription Agreement&#8221;) with Sequoia
 the
      Company issued to Sequoia 2
100
000 shares of redeemable
      common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $63 million.
      The Company issued 525
000 shares of redeemable common stock
      to Sequoia in March 2010 pursuant to a performance adjustment
      clause in the Subscription Agreement.
    

 2011
 the Company
      entered into a redemption agreement (the &#8220;Redemption
      Agreement&#8221;) with Sequoia
 pursuant to which the Company
      agreed to redeem and purchase from Sequoia an aggregate of
      2
625
000 shares (the &#8220;Shares&#8221;) of the
      Company&#8217;s common stock. Pursuant to the Redemption
      Agreement
 the Company agreed to redeem the Shares in four
      equal installments on or around June 30
 2011
 September 30
      2011
 December 31
 2011 and March 31
 2012 (each
 a
      &#8220;Closing Date&#8221;)
 for an aggregate payment of
      $65
079

    
      On April 27
 2011
 the Company paid $16.1 million to Sequoia
      including $15.8 million together with interest accruing
      thereon at the rate of 1.5% per annum
 compounded annually
      from August 27
 2009 until August 27
 2011
 as the first
      installment payment to redeem 656
250 shares of common stock.
    
      On October 27
 2011
 the Company paid $16.3 million to
      Sequoia
 including $15.8 million together with interest
      accruing thereon at the rate of 1.5% per annum
 compounded
      annually from August 27
 2009 until October 27
 2011
 as the
      second installment payment to redeem 656
250 shares of common
      stock. The outstanding liability of redeemable common stock
      was $32
696
658 as of December 31
 2011.
    
      On January 31
 2012
 the Company paid $16.3 million to
      Sequoia
 including $15.8 million together with interest
      accruing thereon at the rate of 1.5% per annum
 compounded
      annually from August 27
 2009 until January 31
 2012
 as the
      third installment payment to redeem 656
250 shares of common
      stock.
    
      On April 30
 2012
 the Company paid $16.4 million to Sequoia
      including $15.8 million together with interest accruing
      thereon at the rate of 1.5% per annum
 compounded annually
      from August 27
 2009 until April 30
 2012
 as the final
      installment payment to redeem 656
250 shares of common stock.
      All 2
625
000 of the Company&#8217;s redeemable shares of
      common stock have been redeemed.
    




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
      
    
      
    
      The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been
      prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting
      principles in the United States of America (&#8220;US
      GAAP&#8221;).
    
      
    
      The consolidated financial statements include the financial
      statements of the Company and its subsidiaries.
    
      Subsidiaries are all entities over which the Group has the
      power to govern the financial and operating policies
      generally accompanying a shareholding of more than one half
      of the voting rights. The existence and effect of potential
      voting rights that are currently exercisable or convertible
      are considered when assessing whether the Group controls
      another entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the
      date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are
      de-consolidated from the date that control ceases.
    
      Inter-company transactions
 balances and unrealized gains on
      transactions between Group companies are eliminated.
      Unrealized losses are also eliminated.
    
      
    
      Business combinations are recorded using the purchase method
      of accounting. On January 1
 2009
 the Group adopted a new
      accounting pronouncement with prospective application
 which
      made certain changes to the previous authoritative literature
      on business combinations. From January 1
 2009
 the assets
      acquired
 the liabilities assumed
 and the noncontrolling
      interest of the acquiree at the acquisition date
 if any
 are
      measured at their fair values as of that date. Consideration
      transferred in a business acquisition is also measured at the
      fair value as at the date of acquisition. Goodwill is
      recognized and measured as the excess of the total
      consideration transferred plus the fair value of the
      noncontrolling interest of the acquiree
 if any
 at the
      acquisition date over the fair values of the identifiable net
      assets acquired. If the total acquisition date fair value of
      the identifiable net assets acquired exceeds the fair value
      of the consideration transferred plus any noncontrolling
      interest in the acquiree
 such excess is recognized in
      earnings as a gain. Previously
 any non-controlling interest
      was reflected at historical cost.
    
      Where the consideration in an acquisition includes contingent
      consideration the payment of which depends on the achievement
      of certain specified conditions post-acquisition
 from
      January 1
 2009 the contingent consideration is recognized
      and measured at its fair value at the acquisition date and if
      recorded as a liability it is subsequently carried at fair
      value with changes in fair value reflected in earnings.
    
      
    
      The functional currency of the Company and AFC is the United
      States dollar (&#8220;US$&#8221;
 or &#8220;$&#8221;). The
      Group&#8217;s principal country of operations is the PRC. The
      financial position and results of operations of the
      subsidiaries are determined using the local currency
      (&#8220;Renminbi&#8221; or &#8220;RMB&#8221;) as the
      functional currency.
    
      Assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at
      the balance sheet date are translated at the market rate of
      exchange in effect at that date. The registered equity
      capital denominated in the functional currency is translated
      at the historical rate of exchange at the time of capital
      contribution. Revenues
 expenses
 gains and losses are
      translated using the average rate for the year. All
      translation adjustments resulting from the translation of the
      financial statements into US$ are reported as a component of
      accumulated other comprehensive income in shareholders&#8217;
      equity. Transactions in currencies other than the functional
      currency during the year are converted into functional
      currency at the applicable rates of exchange prevailing when
      the transactions occurred. Transaction gains and losses are
      recognized in the statements of income and comprehensive
      income.
    
      
    
      Cash and cash equivalents represent cash on hand
 demand
      deposits and highly liquid investments placed with banks or
      other financial institutions
 which have original maturities
      less than three months. The carrying amounts reported
      approximate their fair value.
    

 net
 and notes receivable
 net
    
      The Group&#8217;s trade receivables are due from trade
      customers. Credit is extended based on evaluation of
      customers&#8217; financial condition. Trade receivable
      payment terms vary and amounts due from customers are stated
      in the financial statements net of an allowance for doubtful
      accounts. Receivables outstanding longer than the payment
      terms are considered past due. The Group determines its
      allowance by considering a number of factors
 including the
      length of time the receivable is past due
 the Group&#8217;s
      previous loss history
 the counter party&#8217;s current
      ability to pay its obligation to the Group
 and the condition
      of the general economy and the industry as a whole. The Group
      writes off receivables when they are deemed uncollectible
      and payments subsequently received on such receivables are
      credited to the allowance for doubtful accounts.
    
      Notes receivable consists of one promissory note (See Note
      4(3)) and one note issued by a bank in the PRC received from
      a trade customer. Notes receivable are reviewed periodically
      as to whether their carrying value has become impaired. The
      Group considers the assets to be impaired if the
      collectability of the balances become doubtful. Interest is
      not accrued on notes receivable where the collectability of
      the balances are doubtful.
    
      
    
      Inventories consist of raw materials
 work-in-progress and
      finished goods and are valued at the lower of cost or market
      value. The value of inventories is determined using the
      moving weighted average cost method and includes any related
      production overhead costs incurred in bringing the
      inventories to their present location and condition. Overhead
      costs included in finished goods include
 direct labor cost
      and other costs directly applicable to the manufacturing
      process.
    
      The Group estimates an inventory allowance for excessive
      slow moving and obsolete inventory as well as inventory with
      a carrying value is in excess of net realizable value.
      Inventory amounts are reported net of such allowances of
      $359
957 and $392
368 as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
      respectively.
    
      
    
      Investment in securities classified as available-for-sale are
      carried at fair market value
 with the unrealized gains and
      losses
 net of tax
 included in the accumulated other
      comprehensive income.
    
      The fair value of substantially all securities is determined
      by quoted market prices. The estimated fair value of
      securities for which there are no quoted market prices is
      based on similar types of securities that are traded in the
      market.
    
      
    
      Investment at cost represents an investment in a
      non-marketable equity interest. Fair value is not estimated
      unless impairment is indicated. The Group has concluded that
      there are no impaired investments as of December 31
 2012 and
      2011.
    
      
    
      The Group considers properties to be assets held for sale
      when all of the following criteria are met: i) a formal
      commitment to a plan to sell a property was made and
      exercised; ii) the property is available for sale in its
      present condition; iii) actions required to complete the sale
      of the property have been initiated; iv) sale of the property
      is probable and the Group expects the completed sale will
      occur within one year; and v) the property is actively being
      marketed for sale at a price that is reasonable given its
      current market value.
    
      Upon designation as an asset held for sale
 the Group records
      the carrying value of each property at the lower of its
      carrying value or its estimated fair value
 less estimated
      costs to sell
 and the Group ceases depreciation.
    

 plant and equipment
 net
    
      Property
 plant and equipment are recorded at cost less
      accumulated depreciation. Expenditures for major additions
      and improvements are capitalized and minor replacements
      maintenance
 and repairs are charged to expense as incurred.
      When property and equipment are retired or otherwise disposed
      of
 the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from
      the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is included in
      the results of operations in the year of retirement or
      disposition.
    
      Depreciation is provided over the estimated useful lives of
      the related assets using the straight-line method. The
      estimated useful lives for significant property
 plant and
      equipment categories are as follows:
    


          Buildings and plant


          20


          -


          33


          years



        
          Machinery and equipment


          10


          -

        
          14


          years



        
          Office equipment




          5

        
          &#160;


          years



        
          Motor vehicles


          5


          -

        
          8


          years


    
      
    
      All facilities purchased for installation
 self-made or
      subcontracted are accounted for as construction in progress.
      Construction in progress is recorded at acquisition cost
      including cost of facilities
 installation expenses and
      interest. Upon completion and readiness for use of the
      project
 the cost of construction in progress is transferred
      to property
 plant and equipment.
    
      Interest costs associated with construction in progress are
      capitalized in the period they are incurred. Interest is no
      longer capitalized when the asset is completed and ready for
      use.
    
      
    
      All lands in the PRC are state-owned and no individual land
      ownership right exists. The Group acquired the rights to use
      certain lands and the premiums paid for such rights are
      recorded as prepaid leases and amortized over the use terms
      of 40 to 50 years in the statements of income and
      comprehensive income using the straight-line method.
    
      Certain of the land use rights can only be used by the Group
      to which the right was granted and cannot be transferred or
      sold to others.
    

 net
    
      Other intangible assets consist of production permits and
      exclusive rights of milk supply
 which are carried at cost
      less accumulated amortization. Amortization is calculated on
      a straight-line basis over the expected useful lives of one
      and 4.7 years
 respectively.
    
      
    
      The Group reviews and evaluates its long-lived assets
      whenever events and circumstances indicate that the related
      carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable from the
      estimated future cash flows expected to result from its use
      and eventual disposition. In cases where undiscounted
      expected future cash flows are less than the carrying value
      an impairment loss is recognized equal to an amount by which
      the carrying value exceeds the fair value of assets. Factors
      considered by management in performing this assessment
      include current operating results
 trends and prospects
 the
      manner in which the property is used
 and the effects of
      obsolescence
 demand
 competition
 and other economic
      factors. Impairment of other intangible assets were nil
      $457
023 and nil in the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011
      and 2010
 respectively.
    
      
    
      Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition
      over the fair value of the net identifiable assets and
      intangible assets acquired at the date of acquisition.
      Goodwill is not amortized and is tested for impairment
      annually or more frequently if events or changes in
      circumstances indicate that it might be impaired. At the end
      of each year
 the Group tests impairment of goodwill at the
      reporting unit level and recognizes impairment in the event
      that the carrying value exceeds the fair value of each
      reporting unit. The Company estimates the fair value of its
      reporting units based on their discounted cash flows. If the
      carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair
      value in the first step
 a second step is performed
 in which
      the reporting unit&#8217;s goodwill is written down to its
      implied fair value. The second step requires the Company to
      allocate the fair value of the reporting unit derived in the
      first step to the fair value of the reporting unit&#8217;s
      net assets
 with any fair value in excess of amounts
      allocated to such net assets representing the implied fair
      value of goodwill for that reporting unit. If the carrying
      value of the goodwill allocated to a reporting unit exceeds
      its fair value
 such goodwill is written down by an amount
      equal to such excess. Impairment of goodwill was nil
      $555
387 and $1
437
005 in the years ended December 31
 2012
      2011 and 2010
 respectively.
    
      
    
      Revenue from the sale of goods is recognized when goods are
      shipped. Receipts in advance for goods to be shipped in the
      future are recorded as advances from customers.
    
      
    
      Financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents
      restricted cash
 trade and notes receivables
 available for
      sale investments
 amounts due from/to related parties
      accounts payable
 bank loans and other current liabilities
      and capital lease obligation. The carrying amounts of cash
      and cash equivalents
 restricted cash
 trade and notes
      receivables
 accounts payable
 amounts due from related
      parties
 other current liabilities
 and amount due to related
      parties approximate their fair value due to the short-term
      maturities of these instruments.
    
      Bank loans and capital lease obligation are interest bearing.
      Because the stated interest rate reflects the market rate
      the carrying amount of the bank loans and capital lease
      obligations approximates its fair value. Fair value of
      available for sale investments are based upon quoted market
      prices.
    
      
    
      Revenue from the sale of goods
 net of a value-added tax
      (&#8220;VAT&#8221;)
 is recognized on the transfer of risks
      and rewards of ownership
 which coincides with the time when
      the goods are shipped to customers and the title has passed.
    
      Revenue is shown net of sales returns
 which amounted to less
      than 0.8% of total sales in each of the years ended December
      31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 and net of sales discounts
 which
      are determined based on the distributors&#8217; sales
      volumes.
    
      
    
      Cost of goods sold primarily consists of direct and indirect
      manufacturing costs
 including production overhead costs for
      the products sold.
    
      
    
      Sales and marketing costs consist primarily of advertising
      and market promotion expenses
 and other overhead expenses
      incurred by the Group&#8217;s sales and marketing personnel.
      Advertising expenses are expensed as incurred. Advertising
      expenses from continuing operations amounted to $17
183
533
      $7
159
269 and $21
727
818 during the years ended December
      31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively. Market promotion
      expenses from continuing operations amount to $42
197
001
      $30
455
332 and $22
022
673 during the years ended December
      2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively
 and are included in sales
      and marketing expenses in the accompanying consolidated
      statements of income and comprehensive income. There were no
      advertising expenses and market promotion expenses from the
      Company&#8217;s discontinued operations for the years ended
      December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010.
    
      Any shipping
 handling or other costs incurred by the Group
      associated with the sale are expensed as sales and marketing
      expenses in the period when the sale occurs. Such costs from
      continuing operations amounted to $6
871
782
 $6
762
083 and
      $7
920
298 during the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and
      2010
 respectively. There were no shipping and handling costs
      from the Company&#8217;s discontinued operations for the
      years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010.
    
      
    
      The Company has entered into a number of agreements with its
      resellers
 whereby the Company pays the reseller an agreed
      upon amount to display its products. In accordance with ASC
      605-50-45
 the Company has reduced sales by the amount paid
      under these agreements. For the years ended December 31
      2012
 2011 and 2010
 product display fees from continuing
      operations were $23
551
770
 $20
180
305
 and $29
346
857
      respectively. There were no product display fees in relation
      to the Company&#8217;s discontinued operations for the years
      ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010.
    
      
    
      Share-based compensation to employees is measured by
      reference to the fair value of the equity instrument as at
      the date of grant using the Black-Scholes model
 which
      requires assumptions for dividend yield
 expected volatility
      and expected life of stock options. The expected life of
      stock options is estimated by observing general option holder
      behavior. The assumption of the expected volatility has been
      set by reference to the implied volatility of our shares in
      the open market and historical patterns of volatility.
      Performance and service vesting conditions attached to the
      options are included in assumptions about the number of
      shares that the option holder will ultimately receive. On a
      regular basis the Company reviews the assumptions made and
      revises the estimate of the number of options expected to be
      settled
 where necessary. Significant factors affecting the
      fair value of option awards include the estimated future
      volatility of our stock price and the estimated expected term
      until the option award is exercised or cancelled.
    
      The Company recognizes the compensation costs net of a
      forfeiture rate and recognizes the compensation costs for
      those shares expected to vest on a graded vesting basis over
      the requisite service period of the award
 which is generally
      the vesting period of the award. The estimate of forfeitures
      is adjusted over the requisite service period to the extent
      that actual forfeitures differ
 or are expected to differ
      from such estimates. Changes in estimated forfeitures will be
      recognized through a cumulative catch-up adjustment in the
      period of change and will also impact the amount of stock
      compensation expense to be recognized in future periods.
    
      The fair value of awards is amortized over the requisite
      service period
 except for 2
073
190 options granted in May
      2009 and 1
332
000 options granted in July 2011 that were to
      vest upon performance conditions. For such performance based
      awards
 the Company assessed the probability of meeting such
      conditions in order to determine the compensation cost to be
      recognized. For the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and
      2010
 the Company recognized compensation expense included in
      general and administrative expenses of approximately $2.4
      million
 $1.7 million
 and $2.6 million
 respectively.
    
      
    
      Other operating income primarily includes fines the Company
      imposed on its distributors for impermissible cross-territory
      sales activities and is recognized as income when the Company
      receives the funds.
    
      
    
      Government subsidies granted to purchase manufacturing
      facilities are recorded as deferred income when the Group
      receives the funds. Such deferred income is amortized on a
      straight line basis over the life of the relevant
      manufacturing facilities
 and are recorded as a reduction in
      cost of goods sold.
    
      Government subsidies received by the Group without the
      appropriate documentation from the local government
      authorities to specify the purpose of the funds granted are
      recorded as deferred income
 and are recognized as other
      income to match with the expenditure to which the grant
      relates once the Group obtains the appropriate documentation
      from the local government authorities.
    
      The Group&#8217;s entities that operate production facilities
      in Heilongjiang Province in the PRC
 namely Feihe Dairy and
      Gannan Feihe
 receive subsidies from the local government
      authorities as incentives to support the Group&#8217;s
      business development and local economy. These subsidies are
      based on certain amounts of taxes paid by the entities but
      are not refunds of the tax paid from the taxing authority.
      They are without condition and recorded as other income upon
      receipt.
    


          &#8226;


          Feihe Dairy received tax refunds of 40% of VAT paid and
          40% of EIT paid and shared by local tax authorities
          during the years 2009 to 2013



        
          &#160;

        
          &#160;



        
          &#8226;

        
          Gannan Feihe enjoyed a 100% tax holiday during the year
          ended December 31
 2009. Gannan Feihe received tax
          refunds of 100% of VAT paid and shared by local tax
          authorities
 and 100% of its EIT paid and shared by local
          tax authorities during the year ended December 31
 2012
          2011 and 2010.


    
      For the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 the
      Group&#8217;s continued operations recognized government
      subsidies of $10
435
291
 $9
205
157 and $21
709
399
      respectively
 that are included as other income in the
      accompanying consolidated statements of income and
      comprehensive income. The Company&#8217;s discontinued
      operations recognized government subsidies of nil
 $90
452
      and $1
752
683
 for the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011
      and 2010
 respectively
 in the accompanying consolidated
      statements of income and comprehensive income.
    
      As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 deferred income related to
      government subsidies amounted to $4
320
779 and $3
711
033
      respectively
 and are included as non-current liabilities in
      the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.
    
      
    
      Leases are classified as capital or operating leases. Leases
      where substantially all the rewards and risks incidental to
      ownership of assets are transferred to the lessee is
      classified as capital leases. At inception
 capital leases
      are recorded at present value of minimum lease payments or
      the fair value of the asset
 whichever is less. Assets under
      capital leases are amortized on a basis consistent with that
      of similar property
 plant and equipment. Leases where
      substantially all the rewards and risks of ownership of
      assets remain with the lesser are accounted for as operating
      leases. Operating lease costs are recognized on a
      straight-line basis over the lease term.&#160;
    
      
    
 Current income taxes are provided for in
      accordance with the laws of the relevant tax authorities.
      Deferred income taxes are recognized for temporary
      differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities
      and their reported amounts in the financial statements. Net
      operating loss carry forwards and credits are applied using
      enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years.
      Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance
      when
 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than
      not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will
      not be realized. The components of the deferred tax assets
      and liabilities are individually classified as current and
      non-current based on their characteristics.
    
      The Company adopted ASC 740-10
 &#8220;Income Taxes&#8221;
      effective April 1
 2007. In accordance with ASC 740-10
 the
      Company recognizes a tax benefit associated with an uncertain
      tax position when
 in its judgment
 it is more likely than
      not that the position will be sustained upon examination by a
      taxing authority. For a tax position that meets the
      more-likely-than-not recognition threshold
 the Company
      initially and subsequently measures the tax benefit as the
      largest amount that it judges to have a greater than 50%
      likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with a
      taxing authority. The Company&#8217;s liability associated
      with unrecognized tax benefits is adjusted periodically due
      to changing circumstances
 such as the progress of tax
      audits
 case law developments and new or emerging
      legislation. Such adjustments are recognized entirely in the
      period in which they are identified. The Company&#8217;s
      effective tax rate includes the net impact of changes in the
      liability for unrecognized tax benefits and subsequent
      adjustments as considered appropriate by management. The
      Company classifies interest and penalties recognized on the
      liability for unrecognized tax benefits as income tax
      expense.&#160;
    
      The Company must make certain estimates and judgments in
      determining income tax expense for financial reporting
      purposes. These estimates and judgments occur in the
      calculation of certain deferred tax assets and liabilities
      which arise from differences in the timing of recognition of
      revenue and expense for tax and financial reporting purposes.
    
      Refer to Note 5 in the notes to the consolidated financial
      statements for further information regarding the components
      of the Company&#8217;s income taxes.
    
      
    

      income
 unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale
      investments and foreign currency translation

      have been adjusted for the retrospective application of the
      authoritative guidance regarding presentation of
      comprehensive income
 which was adopted by the Company on
      January&#160;1
 2012. 
    
      
    
      Net income (loss) per common share is computed by dividing
      net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders by the
      weighted average number of common shares outstanding during
      the period.
    
      The Group has determined that its redeemable common shares
      were participating securities as the redeemable common shares
      participate in undistributed earnings on an as-if-converted
      basis. Accordingly
 the Group has applied the two-class
      method of computing net income (loss)&#160;per share
 for
      common and redeemable common shares according to their
      respective rights to participate in earnings. Under this
      method
 undistributed net income (loss) is allocated on a pro
      rata basis to the holders of common and redeemable common
      shares to the extent that each class may share income for the
      period.
    
      Diluted net income (loss) per common share reflects the
      potential dilution that could occur if securities or other
      contracts to issue common shares were exercised or converted
      into common shares. The dilutive effect of stock options is
      computed using treasury stock method. The dilutive effect of
      convertible debt is computed using as-if converted method.
    
      
    
      Until October 31
 2011
 the Company had two reportable
      segments: dairy products and dairy farms. The dairy products
      segment produces and sells dairy products
 such as wholesale
      and retail milk powders as well as soybean powder
 rice
      cereal
 walnut powder and walnut oil. In October 2011
 the
      Company sold its Dairy Farms in the PRC (see Note 7). As of
      December 31
 2012
 the Company&#8217;s operations comprised a
      single segment - dairy products. As the Group primarily
      generates its revenues from customers in the PRC
 no
      geographical segments are presented.
    
      
    
      The preparation of financial statements in conformity with US
      GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions
      that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
      disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the
      balance sheet dates and the reported amounts of revenues and
      expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could
      materially differ from those estimates.
    
      The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of
      causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of
      assets and liabilities are allowance for doubtful accounts on
      receivables
 reserves for inventory
 estimated useful lives
      of property
 plant and equipment and other intangible assets
      valuation allowance for deferred tax assets
 share-based
      compensation
 purchase price allocation in business
      combinations
 unrecognized tax benefits and impairment of
      goodwill and other intangible assets.
    




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Text Block]
        
      
    
      
    
      In 2010
 the Company issued a total of 63
915 shares of
      common stock at a market value of $985
374 for services
      provided by employees.
    
      In 2011
 the Company issued a total of 43
000 shares of
      common stock at a market value of $337
530 to its directors
      for services rendered to the Company as members of the Board
      for the period from August 1
 2010 through July 31
 2011.
    
      On May 24
 2012
 the Company issued a total of 70
000 shares
      of common stock to its directors and employees
 of which a
      total of 10
000 shares were compensation for services
      rendered to the Company for the year 2011
 and the remaining
      60
000 shares were compensation for services rendered for the
      year 2012. Compensation cost for the 70
000 shares of common
      stock was recorded by the Company based on the fair value
      (i.e.
 the market price of its shares) on the date of grant
      of $334
600.
    
      
    

      plans: the 2009 Stock Incentive Plan (the &#8220;2009
      Plan&#8221;) and the 2003 Stock Incentive Plan (the
      &#8220;2003 Plan&#8221;). The Company applies authoritative
regarding share-based payments in
      accounting for the 2009 Plan and the 2003 Plan
 which
      requires that compensation for services that a corporation
      receives through share-based compensation plans should be
      based on the fair value of options on the date of

    
      
    
      On May 7
 2009
 the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors
      approved the 2009 Plan
 which was approved by the
      Company&#8217;s shareholders at the Company&#8217;s 2009
      Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The 2009 Plan permits grants
      of certain equity incentives
 including incentive stock
      options
 nonqualified stock options
 restricted stock awards
      performance stock awards and other equity-based compensation
      to certain employees
 directors
 officers
 consultants
      agents
 advisors and independent contractors of the Company
      and its subsidiaries. The total number of shares of the
      Company&#8217;s common stock initially authorized for
      issuance under the 2009 Plan is 2
000
000 plus any authorized
      shares that
 as of May 7
 2009
 were available for issuance
      under the Company&#8217;s 2003 Stock Incentive Plan.
    
      On May 7
 2009
 the Compensation Committee of the Board of
      Directors (the &#8220;Compensation Committee&#8221;) granted
      an aggregate of 2
073
190 performance stock options to
      certain officers and employees of the Company under the 2009
      Plan. The performance stock options each had an exercise
      price of $16.86 and a contractual life of 6 years. The
      performance stock options were to vest in two&#160;equal
      tranches on the fourth and fifth anniversaries of the date
      such options were granted
 provided that the recipient had
      met the performance criteria
 including performance targets
      for each of the Company&#8217;s 2009
 2010 and 2011 fiscal
      years
 and continued to be an employee of
 or service
      provider to
 the Company or its subsidiaries at the time of
      the relevant vesting dates. If the performance criteria were
      not met
 the shares that would otherwise have vested on
      vesting dates were to be forfeited and cancelled.
    

      years ended December 31
 2009 were not met for any option
      recipient. Accordingly
 the options granted were to be
      forfeited and cancelled. In December 2009
 the performance
      targets were amended in order to limit the amount of options
      that would otherwise be forfeited and cancelled due to the
      failure to satisfy the annual performance goals to one-third
      of stock options granted for each of fiscal year 2009
 2010
      and 2011. The incremental cost or benefit resulting from the
      modification is measured as the excess of the fair value of
      the modified award over the fair value of the original award
      immediately before its terms are modified and the effect on

      employees were affected by this modification. For 2010 and
      2011
 no option recipient met the amended performance
      targets
 and the options granted were forfeited and
      cancelled. For 2012 and 2011
 no compensation expenses were
      recognized. 
    
      On October 15
 2009
 an option to purchase 50
000 shares was
      granted to an employee that vests on the 12-month anniversary
      of the date of grant
 conditioned upon continued employment
      on such date
 and has an exercise price of $16 and
      contractual life of 4 years.
    
      On October 23
 2009
 the Compensation Committee granted an
      aggregate of 30
000 new performance stock options to an
      employee of the Company under the 2009 Plan. The performance
      stock options had an exercise price of $27.69 and a
      contractual life of 6 years. The performance options were to
      vest in two equal tranches on the fourth and fifth
      anniversaries of the date such options were granted
 provided
      that the recipient had met performance criteria
 including
      performance targets for each of the Company&#8217;s 2009
      2010 and 2011 fiscal years
 and continued to be an employee
      of
 or service provider to
 the Company or its subsidiaries
      at the time of the relevant vesting dates. If the performance
      criteria were not met
 the options that would otherwise have
      vested on the vesting dates were to be forfeited and
      cancelled. In June 2012
 the employee terminated his
      employment with the Company
 and the options granted were
      forfeited and cancelled.
    
      On August 27
 2010
 options to purchase 84
000 shares were
      granted to directors of the Company for their services
      provided for the period from August 1
 2010 through July 31
      2011
 that vest in four equal amounts on each three-month
      anniversary of the grant date until all such shares are fully
      vested. The options have an exercise price of $7.25 and a
      contract life of 2 years. The fair value of the option award
      was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes
      option valuation model to be $164
516.
    
      On July 29
 2011
 the Compensation Committee granted
      performance options to acquire up to an aggregate of
      1
332
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock to
      certain officers and employees of the Company pursuant to the
      2009 Plan. The performance stock options each have an
      exercise price of $8.32 per share
 a contractual life of 6
      years
 and vest in three tranches of 25%
 35% and 40% on each
      of the three years ended December 31
 2012
 2013 and 2014
      provided that the recipient has met certain performance
      criteria and the recipient continues to be an employee of
 or
      service provider to
 the Company or its subsidiaries at the
      time of the relevant vesting dates.
    
      The fair value of the option award was estimated on the date
      of grant using the Black-Scholes option valuation model to be
      $6
643
504
 of which $2
029
404 and $1
220
820 was recorded
      as compensation cost in the general and administrative
      expenses during the year ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
      respectively. The valuation was based on the assumptions
      noted in the following table.
    


          Expected volatility


          &#160;


          &#160;


          77


          %




          Expected dividends


          &#160;


          &#160;


          0


          %




          Expected term (in years)


          &#160;


          &#160;


          


          &#160;




          Risk-free rate


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2.60


          %


    
      During the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
      there was $2
029
404
 $1
405
116 and $1
710
272 compensation
      cost related to the 2009 plan recognized in general and
      administration expenses.
    
      
    
      Effective May 7
 2003
 the Company adopted and approved its
      2003 Plan
 which reserved 3
000
000 shares of common stock
      for issuance under the Plan. The Plan allows the Company to
      issue awards of incentive non-qualified stock options
 stock
      appreciation rights
 and stock bonuses to directors
      officers
 employees and consultants of the Company.
    
      No stock appreciation rights have been issued under the 2003
      Plan.
    
      On October 15
 2008
 an option to purchase 80
000 shares was
      granted to an employee that vests on the 12-month anniversary
      of the date of grant with an exercise price of $12.00 and a
      contractual life of 4 years.
    
      A summary of option activity under the 2009 Plan and 2003
      Plan as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 and movement during the
      years then ended is as follows:
    


          &#160;


          &#160;


          Options


          &#160;


          &#160;


          Weighted average grant date fair value


          &#160;


          &#160;


          Weighted average exercise price


          &#160;


          &#160;


          Aggregate intrinsic value


          &#160;


          &#160;



            Weighted average remaining contractual term
          

            (years)
          


          &#160;




          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;




          Outstanding as of January 1
 2011


          &#160;


          &#160;


          856
245


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          10.45


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          15.84


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          71
190


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          3.97


          &#160;




          Granted


          &#160;


          &#160;


          1
332
000


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          5.22


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          8.32


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          6.00


          &#160;




          Exercised


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;




          Forfeited or expired


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (742
245


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          11.08


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          15.75


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          0.19


          &#160;




          Outstanding as of December 31
 2011


          &#160;


          &#160;


          1
446
000


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          5.31


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          8.66


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          5.25


          &#160;




          Granted


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;




          Exercised


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;




          Forfeited or expired


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (440
000


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          5.36


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          9.44


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;




          Outstanding as of December 31
 2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          1
006
000


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          4.99


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          8.32


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          4.58


          &#160;




          Exercisable as of December 31
 2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          251
500


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          4.99


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          8.32


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          4.58


          &#160;


    
      (1) The intrinsic values of options at December 31
 2012 and
      December 31
 2011 were zero since the per share market values
      of the Company&#8217;s common stock of $6.6 and $2.51
      respectively
 were lower than the exercise price per share of
      the options.
    
      A summary of the status of the Company&#8217;s non-vested
      options as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 and movements
      during the two years then ended is as follows:
    


          &#160;


          &#160;


          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          Weighted average grant date fair value


          &#160;




          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;




          Non-vested as of January 1
 2011


          &#160;


          &#160;


          713
245


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          10.24


          &#160;




          Granted


          &#160;


          &#160;


          1
332
000


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          5.22


          &#160;




          Vested


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (63
000


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          1.96


          &#160;




          Forfeited or expired


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (620
245


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          10.66


          &#160;




          Non-vested as of December 31
 2011


          &#160;


          &#160;


          1
362
000


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          5.52


          &#160;




          Granted


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;




          Vested


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (251
500


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          4.99


          &#160;




          Forfeited or expired


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (356
000


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          6.16


          &#160;




          Non-vested as of December 31
 2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          754
500


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          4.99


          &#160;


    
      As of December 31
 2012
 there was a total of $1
853
988 of
      unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested
      share-based compensation granted under the 2009 Plans. The
      cost is expected to be recognized over 24 months. To the
      extent the actual forfeiture rate is different from the
      original estimate
 actual share-based compensation cost
      related to these awards may be different from the
      expectation.
    
      
    

 2011
 the
      Company had 237
937 warrants outstanding with a weighted
      average remaining contractual life of 0.8 years and a

      During the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 no
 warrants expired on
      October 4
 2012.
    




        
          

        
          
            

 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 64
 65
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










 2012

          



 2010

          



        

581

679

981

606




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        

594
465

018
366

306
074


        

442
384

582
092

281
779)


Other operating income
 net

301
795

280
679

390)


        
        
        
        


        

062
969)

010
427)

722


        

186
510

074
354)

895
255)


        
        

033
738
        


Net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders of Feihe International
 Inc.

162
301

918)

670
493)


Net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders of Feihe International
 Inc.

162
301

918)

670
493)


Other comprehensive income
 net of tax
        
        
        


        

699
885

250
387

203
664


        

094

178)

828


        
        

341
550)
        


        

705
979

880
659

206
492


Comprehensive income attributable to common shareholders of Feihe International
 Inc.

892
489

806
305

688
763)



          

        
        
        


        

083
009)

796
072)

422
488)


        

083
009)

796
072)

422
488)


Other operating income
 net
        

972

851


        
        
        
        


        

013)

124)

361)


        

100
022)

396
224)

410
998)


        

816)

481
133)

729


        

488
838)

877
357)

143
269)


        

651
139

559

440
602)


        

162
301

927
798)

583
871)


        
        
        

086
622)


        
        

033
738
        


Net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders of Feihe International
 Inc.

162
301

894
060)

670
493)


Net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders of Feihe International
 Inc.

162
301

801
496)

670
493)


Other comprehensive income
 net of tax
        
        
        


        

742
037

236
588

181
945


        

094

178)

828


        
        

341
550)
        


        

748
131

866
860

184
713


Comprehensive income attributable to common shareholders of Feihe International
 Inc.

910
432

065
364

485
720)




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but excludes any and all transactions which are directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including a component of the entity (discontinued operation)
 during the reporting period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 options or warrants were exercised
 or that other shares were issued upon the satisfaction of certain conditions.
              
 -Paragraph 11
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before reclassification adjustments
 resulting from the process of expressing in the reporting currency of the reporting entity those amounts that are denominated or measured in a different currency
 and from transactions whose terms are denominated in a currency other than the entity's functional currency.
              
 -Paragraph 13
 20
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 17
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 from items that are associated with the entity's normal revenue producing operations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer) from the issuance date
 or upon an event that is certain to occur beyond one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer) from the issuance date.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Schedule of Earnings Per Share
 Basic and Diluted [Table Text Block]
        


          &#160;


          &#160;


          For the year ended December 31


          &#160;




          &#160;


          &#160;


          2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2011


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2010


          &#160;




          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;




          Net income (loss) attributable to Feihe International
          Inc. shareholders

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          - continuing operations


          &#160;


          &#160;


          21
162
301


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          4
504
572


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (3
084
002


          )




          - discontinued operations
 net of tax


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (5
705
228


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (6
499
869


          )




          Net income (loss) attributable to Feihe International
          Inc. shareholders

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          21
162
301


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (1
200
656


          )

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (9
583
871


          )




          Settlement of redeemable common stock

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          1
033
738


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;




          Deemed dividend on redeemable common stock


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (1
086
622


          )




          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          21
162
301


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (166
918


          )

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (10
670
493


          )




          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          Net income (loss) attributable to Feihe International
          Inc. shareholders allocated for computing net income
          (loss) per common stock - Basic

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          - continuing operations

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          20
781
743


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          5
067
060


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (3
973
681


          )




          - discontinued operations
 net of tax


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (5
163
449


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (5
439
224


          )




          Net income (loss) attributable to Feihe International
          Inc. allocated for computing net (loss) income per share
          of common stock - Basic

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          20
781
743


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (96
389


          )

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (9
412
905


          )




          Net income (loss) attributable to Feihe International
          Inc. allocated for computing net income (loss) per
          redeemable common stock - Basic

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          - continuing operations

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          380
558


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          471
250


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          555
728


          &#160;




          - discontinued operations
 net of tax


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (541
779


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (726
694


          )




          Net income (loss) attributable to Feihe International
          Inc. allocated for computing net income (loss) per share
          of redeemable common stock - Basic

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          380
558


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (70
529


          )

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (170
966


          )




          Net income (loss) attributable to Feihe International
          Inc. for computing net income (loss) per common stock -
          Diluted

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          - continuing operations

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          20
781
743


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          5
067
060


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (3
973
681


          )




          - discontinued operations
 net of tax


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (5
163
449


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (5
439
224


          )




          Net income (loss) attributable to Feihe International
          Inc. for computing net income per common stock - Diluted

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          20
781
743


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (96
389


          )

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (9
412
905


          )




          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          Net income (loss) attributable to Feihe International
          Inc. for computing net income (loss) per redeemable
          common stock - Diluted

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          - continuing operations

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          380
558


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          471
250


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          555
728


          &#160;




          - discontinued operations
 net of tax


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (541
779


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (726
694


          )




          Net income (loss) attributable to Feihe International
          Inc. allocated for computing net income (loss) per share
          of redeemable common stock - Diluted


          &#160;


          &#160;


          380
558


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (70
529


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (170
966


          )




          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          Weighted-average common stock outstanding used in
          computing net income (loss) per share of common stock -
          Basic

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          19
756
559


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          19
688
551


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          19
647
844


          &#160;




          Weighted-average common stock outstanding used in
          computing net income (loss) per share of common stock -
          Diluted

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          19
756
559


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          19
688
551


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          19
647
844


          &#160;




          Weighted-average shares of redeemable common stock
          outstanding used in computing net income (loss) per share
          of redeemable common stock - Basic

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          824
380


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          2
065
839


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          2
625
000


          &#160;




          Weighted-average shares of redeemable common stock
          outstanding used in computing net income (loss) per share
          of redeemable common stock - Diluted


          &#160;


          &#160;


          824
380


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2
065
839


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2
625
000


          &#160;




          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          Net income (loss) per share of common stock - Basic

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          - continuing operations

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          1.05


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          0.26


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (0.20


          )




          - discontinued operations
 net of tax


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (0.26


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (0.28


          )




          Net income (loss) attributable to Feihe International
          Inc.

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          1.05


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (0.48


          )




          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          Net income (loss) per share of common stock - Diluted

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          - continuing operations

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          1.05


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          0.26


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (0.20


          )




          - discontinued operations
 net of tax


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (0.26


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (0.28


          )




          Net income (loss) attributable to Feihe International
          Inc.

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          1.05


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (0.48


          )




          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          Net income (loss) per share of redeemable common stock -
          Basic

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          - continuing operations

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          0.46


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          0.23


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          0.21


          &#160;




          - discontinued operations
 net of tax


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (0.26


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (0.28


          )




          Net income (loss) attributable to redeemable common stock
          - Basic

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          0.46


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (0.03


          )

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (0.07


          )




          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          Net income (loss) per share of redeemable common stock -
          Diluted

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          - continuing operations

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          0.46


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          0.23


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          0.21


          &#160;




          - discontinued operations
 net of tax


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (0.26


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (0.28


          )




          Net income (loss) attributable to redeemable common stock
          - Diluted

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          0.46


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (0.03


          )

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (0.07


          )


    




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Schedule of Share-based Payment Award
 Stock Options
 Valuation Assumptions [Table Text Block]
        


          Expected volatility


          &#160;


          &#160;


          77


          %




          Expected dividends


          &#160;


          &#160;


          0


          %




          Expected term (in years)


          &#160;


          &#160;


          


          &#160;




          Risk-free rate


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2.60


          %


    


Schedule of Share-based Compensation
 Stock Options
 Activity [Table Text Block]
        


          &#160;


          &#160;


          Options


          &#160;


          &#160;


          Weighted average grant date fair value


          &#160;


          &#160;


          Weighted average exercise price


          &#160;


          &#160;


          Aggregate intrinsic value


          &#160;


          &#160;



            Weighted average remaining contractual term
          

            (years)
          


          &#160;




          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;




          Outstanding as of January 1
 2011


          &#160;


          &#160;


          856
245


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          10.45


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          15.84


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          71
190


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          3.97


          &#160;




          Granted


          &#160;


          &#160;


          1
332
000


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          5.22


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          8.32


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          6.00


          &#160;




          Exercised


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;




          Forfeited or expired


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (742
245


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          11.08


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          15.75


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          0.19


          &#160;




          Outstanding as of December 31
 2011


          &#160;


          &#160;


          1
446
000


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          5.31


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          8.66


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          5.25


          &#160;




          Granted


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;




          Exercised


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;




          Forfeited or expired


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (440
000


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          5.36


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          9.44


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;




          Outstanding as of December 31
 2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          1
006
000


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          4.99


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          8.32


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          4.58


          &#160;




          Exercisable as of December 31
 2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          251
500


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          4.99


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          8.32


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          4.58


          &#160;


    


        
        


          &#160;


          &#160;


          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          Weighted average grant date fair value


          &#160;




          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;




          Non-vested as of January 1
 2011


          &#160;


          &#160;


          713
245


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          10.24


          &#160;




          Granted


          &#160;


          &#160;


          1
332
000


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          5.22


          &#160;




          Vested


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (63
000


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          1.96


          &#160;




          Forfeited or expired


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (620
245


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          10.66


          &#160;




          Non-vested as of December 31
 2011


          &#160;


          &#160;


          1
362
000


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          5.52


          &#160;




          Granted


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;




          Vested


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (251
500


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          4.99


          &#160;




          Forfeited or expired


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (356
000


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          6.16


          &#160;




          Non-vested as of December 31
 2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          754
500


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          4.99


          &#160;


    




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 vested and expected to vest
 exercisable or convertible at the end of the year
 and the number of share options or share units that were granted
 exercised or converted
 forfeited
 and expired during the year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

10. Trade Receivables
 Net (Detail) - Table of Trade Receivables
 Net (USD $)











        

990
342

501
502


        

454
741)

864)


Trade receivables
 net

535
601

690
638




        
          

        
          
            

 amounts due from customers or clients for goods or services that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the amount due from customers or clients for goods or services that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to their estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a valuation allowance for receivables due a company that are expected to be uncollectible.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

425
310

353
882


        

081
061

056
579


Trade receivables
 net of a allowance for doubtful accounts of $1
454
741 and $810
864
 as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively

535
601

690
638


        

191

759


        

805
607

841
936


Inventories
 net

838
292

328
949


        

779

427


        
        

406
653


        

269
443

685


        

473
435

742
625


        

274
528

337
423


        

425
598
        


        

210

116


        

408
770

384
391


        

718
825

465
063


        
        
        


        

914

990


        

914

990


Property
 plant and equipment:
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 net

990
808

739
637


        

996
885

895
512


        

987
693

635
149


        
        
        


Advance to suppliers
 non-current

149
090

741
454


        

018
330

139
913


Consideration receivables
 non-current
        

450
201


Deferred tax assets
 non-current

568
642

805
701


        

524
390

280
745


        

255
884

804
216


        
        
        


        

996
533
        


        

240
345

616
375


        

115
131

077
499


        

193
225

943
370


        

128
545

389


        

092
328

899
560


        

276

213


        

835

253


        

758
312

777
537


        

683
732

561
388


        

004
497

945
439


        

722

066


        
        

783


Common Stock
 Value

784

714


        

284
217

920
283


        

774
151

774
151


        

450
739

341
427


        

487
528

730
802


        

741
209

696
815


Total Feihe International
 Inc. shareholders&#x2019; equity

757
628

483
192


        
        

943


        

757
628

501
135


Total liabilities
 redeemable common stock and equity

255
884

804
216


        

631
481

437
530


Long term bank loans
 net of current portion
        

943
726


Capital lease obligation
 non current

856

180


        

222
577

803
289


        
        

555


Unrecognized tax benefits
 non-current

026
563

806
768


        

320
779

711
033


        

498
256

303
081



          

        
        


        
        
        


Common Stock
 Value
        

696
658




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 clients
 or other third-parties
 or arising from transactions not separately disclosed
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 net of allowances established for the purpose of reducing such receivables to an amount that approximates their net realizable value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are not elsewhere specified in the taxonomy.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 more than one year from the balance sheet date
 for goods or services that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding pension and other postretirement benefits
 incurred through that date and payable for perquisites provided to employees pertaining to services received from them. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.
              
 -Paragraph 14
 17
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -Paragraph 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 13
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal
 through the balance sheet date and due to be paid within one year (or one operating cycle
 if longer) of the balance sheet date.
              
 -Paragraph 7
 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal
 through the balance sheet date and due to be paid more than one year (or one operating cycle
 if longer) after the balance sheet date.
              
 -Paragraph 7
 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 at the balance sheet date
 of long-lived assets under construction that include construction costs to date on capital projects that have not been completed and assets being constructed that are not ready to be placed into service.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or (ii) a series of operating losses of an investee or other factors which may indicate that a decrease in value of the investment has occurred which is other than temporary and accordingly such decrease in value has been recognized.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and is not expected to be recognized in the next twelve months. Generally
 an entity records deferred revenue when it receives consideration from a customer before achieving certain criteria that must be met for revenue to be recognized in conformity with GAAP.
              
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -Paragraph 41
 42
 43
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
 -Paragraph 41
 42
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth
 at the financial statement date. which are usually due within one year (or one business cycle).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 not to include stockholders or officers. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer) from tax authorities as of the balance sheet date representing refunds of overpayments or recoveries based on agreed-upon resolutions of disputes.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including trade payables
 that has been incurred and is unpaid. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but does not have control
 (B) subsidiaries that are not required to be consolidated and are accounted for using the equity and or cost method
 and (C) an entity in which the reporting entity shares control of the entity with another party or group. Includes long-term advances receivable from a party that is affiliated with the reporting entity by means of direct or indirect ownership.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as applicable)
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 scheduled to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding current portion.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which is directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (that is
 noncontrolling interest
 previously referred to as minority interest).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
 -Paragraph 19
 20
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding current portion.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net
 due within one year of the balance sheet date (or one operating cycle
 if longer) from third parties or arising from transactions not separately disclosed.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and which will be expensed in future periods with the passage of time or when a triggering event occurs and the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of assets not otherwise specified in the taxonomy. Also includes assets not individually reported in the financial statements
 or not separately disclosed in notes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and will be charged against earnings within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 and the aggregate carrying amount of current assets
 as of the balance sheet date
 not separately presented elsewhere in the balance sheet. Current assets are expected to be realized or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization
 of long-lived physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment not otherwise defined in the taxonomy.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 contracts entered into with others
 or entity statements of intention with regard to particular deposits; however
 time deposits and short-term certificates of deposit are not generally included in legally restricted deposits. Excludes compensating balance arrangements that are not agreements which legally restrict the use of cash amounts shown on the balance sheet. For a classified balance sheet represents the current portion only (the noncurrent portion has a separate concept); there is a separate and distinct element for unclassified presentations.
              
 -Subparagraph Exhibit 4-8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity
 or other) securities that are pledged or subject to withdrawal restrictions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sales
 use
 payroll
 excise
 real
 property and other taxes. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or as previously overpaid to tax authorities. For classified balance sheets
 represents the current amount receivable
 that is amounts expected to be collected within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

16. Property
 Plant
 and Equipment
 Net (Tables)

        

      






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Table Text Block]
        


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2011


          &#160;




          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;




          Buildings and plant


          &#160;


          &#160;


          62
825
600


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          71
761
419


          &#160;




          Machinery and equipment


          &#160;


          &#160;


          79
997
837


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          79
153
189


          &#160;




          Office equipment


          &#160;


          &#160;


          3
933
542


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2
418
688


          &#160;




          Motor vehicles


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2
980
011


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          4
236
268


          &#160;




          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          149
736
990


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          157
569
564


          &#160;




          Less: Accumulated depreciation


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (34
746
182


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (28
829
927


          )




          Property
 plant and equipment
 net


          &#160;


          &#160;


          114
990
808


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          128
739
637


          &#160;


    




        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 and other types of furniture and equipment including
 but not limited to
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment and software.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        


Loan payable to a bank in PRC
 interest rate
        
        


Loan payable to a bank in PRC
 maturity date

         2013

         2013


Loan payable to a bank in PRC
 secured by Gannan Feihe&#x2019;s machinery
 collateral carrying amount

778
788
        






        
        


Loan payable to a bank in PRC
 interest rate
        
        


Loan payable to a bank in PRC
 maturity date

         2013

         2013




        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
 -Paragraph 2
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are debt arrangements that originally require full repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the company
 if longer
 and disclosures pertaining to the underlying arrangements
 including repayment terms
 conversion features
 interest rates
 restrictions on assets and activities
 debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements. Types of long-term debt arrangements include borrowing under notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 term loans
 and other contractual obligations for payment.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including current maturities
 which accrues interest at a set
 unchanging rate.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











Notes receivable
 allowance for doubtful accounts (in Dollars)

350
056

350
056


Redeemable common stock
 par value (in Dollars per share)
        
        


Redeemable common stock
 shares issued

784
291

714
291


Redeemable common stock
 shares outstanding

784
291

714
291



          

        
        


Redeemable common stock
 par value (in Dollars per share)
        
        


Redeemable common stock
 shares issued
        

312
500


Redeemable common stock
 shares outstanding
        

312
500



          

        
        


Notes receivable
 allowance for doubtful accounts (in Dollars)

350
056

350
056



          

        
        


Redeemable common stock
 par value (in Dollars per share)
        
        


Redeemable common stock
 shares issued
        

312
500


Redeemable common stock
 shares outstanding
        

312
500




        
          

        
          
            

 whichever is longer)
 consisting of principal as well as any accrued interest) for the portion that is expected to be uncollectible.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

186
510

074
354)

895
255)


Less: Loss from discontinued operations
 net of tax
        

705
228

499
869


        
        
        
        


        

439
405

683
434

586
699


        

744

888

098


        
        

256

798


        

629

268

368


        

077)
        
        


(Gain) Loss on disposal of property
 plant and equipment and land use rights

329
473)

619

637


        

068

523
131

309)


        

638)

368)

164
384


        
        

012
410

437
005


        

364
004

742
646

599
646


        
        
        

413


        
        
        
        


        
        

120

065


        

712
382

558
193)

817
244


        

821

669)

350


        

796
954)

861
965

029
177


        

981
566

780
377

230
037)


        

524

880

539
402


        

414
961

563
618

805)


        

200)

920
846

171
894)


        

155
106)

777
412)

880
244


        
        
        

246
974)


        

811
461

722)

880
239)


        

896
280

112)

035
613)


        

566
494

222
028

440
981


        

025
737

127

918
210)


        

345
604

776)

384
294)


        

952
747)

716
117

261
692


        

500)
        

397
648)


        

562)

100
402

804
427


        

045
576

572
805

686
995)


(Decrease) increase in unrecognized tax benefits
 non-current

780
205)

515
443

596


        

899

423
835)

936
454)


        

695
203

157
167

040
632)


        
        

990
050

585
529


        

695
203

147
217

544
897


Purchase of property
 plant and equipment

492
784)

093
849)

486
013)


        
        

440
024)
        


        

199
540

615
356
        


        

940
157)

021
985

293
973)


Proceeds from sale of property
 plant and equipment and land use rights

281
137
        

182


        

264)

103
468

747
804)


        
        

662
088)

130
354)


        

264)

558
620)

878
158)


        

447
498

187
374

998
197


        

483
065)

214
363)

906
797)


        
        
        

602
970


        

930
927)

484
119)

435
665)


        

696
658)

383
321)
        


        

852
951

369
627
        


        

031
083)

715
189)
        


        
        
        

372


        
        

493)

225)


        

792)
        

179)


        
        
        

000


        

156
076)

401
484)

630
673


        
        

340
631)

022
902)


        

156
076)

742
115)

607
771


        

565

818

090
140


        

071
428

175
700)

635
350)


Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year

353
882

529
582

164
932


        

425
310

353
882

529
582


        

425
310

353
882

183
493


        
        
        

346
089


        
        
        
        


        

698
323)

066
193)

511
928)


        

493
740

812
615

797
649


        

394
080)

550
433)

317
886)


        
        

225)

479
245)


        
        
        

382
000


        

876
838

992
467
        


        
        

033
735
        


        
        
        

086
622




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant
 or equipment obtained through capital leases.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 cash includes currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. It also includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits in that the Entity may deposit additional funds at any time and also effectively may withdraw funds at any time without prior notice or penalty. Cash equivalents
 excluding items classified as marketable securities
 include short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash
 and so near their maturity that they present minimal risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Generally
 only investments with original maturities of three months or less qualify under that definition. Original maturity means original maturity to the entity holding the investment. For example
 both a three-month US Treasury bill and a three-year Treasury note purchased three months from maturity qualify as cash equivalents. However
 a Treasury note purchased three years ago does not become a cash equivalent when its remaining maturity is three months. Compensating balance arrangements that do not legally restrict the withdrawal or usage of cash amounts may be reported as Cash and Cash Equivalents
 while legally restricted deposits held as compensating balances against borrowing arrangements
 contracts entered into with others
 or company statements of intention with regard to particular deposits are not generally reported as cash and cash equivalents.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is an indication that the cash flows of the entity which are detailed in reconciling to cash provided by or used in financing activities reflect only cash flows attributable to continuing operations.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is an indication that the cash flows of the entity which are detailed in reconciling to cash provided by or used in investing activities reflect only cash flows attributable to continuing operations.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is an indication that the cash flows of the entity which are detailed in reconciling to cash provided by or used in operating activities reflect only cash flows attributable to continuing operations.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including a component of the entity (discontinued operation)
 cash includes currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Cash equivalents
 excluding items classified as marketable securities
 include short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash
 and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Generally
 only investments with original maturities of three months or less qualify under that definition. Original maturity means original maturity to the entity holding the investment. For example
 both a three-month US Treasury bill and a three-year Treasury note purchased three months from maturity qualify as cash equivalents. However
 a Treasury note purchased three years ago does not become a cash equivalent when its remaining maturity is three months.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7
 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant
 and equipment asset that was sold or retired during the reporting period. This element refers to the gain (loss).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 other than goodwill.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding the portion taken into income
 in the liability reflecting revenue yet to be earned for which cash or other forms of consideration was received or recorded as a receivable.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entities' management; an entity and its principal owners
 management
 or member of their immediate families; affiliates; or other parties with the ability to exert significant influence.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which represents the amount due from tax authorities for refunds of overpayments or recoveries of income taxes paid.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 not otherwise defined in the taxonomy.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are not otherwise defined in the taxonomy.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 for example
 deferred expenses
 intangible assets
 or income taxes.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 15
 16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding cash flows derived by the entity from its discontinued operations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding cash flows derived by the entity from its discontinued operations.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including those of discontinued operations
 of the reporting entity. Operating activities generally involve producing and delivering goods and providing services. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value that are not defined as investing or financing activities. While for technical reasons this element has no balance attribute
 the default assumption is a debit balance consistent with its label.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding cash flows derived by the entity from its discontinued operations.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which pertain to financial service entities.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 generally out of earnings.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding goodwill.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 preferred stock
 treasury stock
 stock options
 and other types of equity.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 include increases (decreases) in other long-term debt not otherwise defined.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which the entity may have realized and reported separately.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the offset which is generally to the allowance for doubtful accounts for the purpose of reducing receivables
 including notes receivable
 to an amount that approximates their net realizable value (the amount expected to be collected).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
 -Paragraph 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified



 2012

          



 2012

          



        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of other forms of debt not elsewhere specified in the taxonomy with initial maturities beyond one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 typically cash
 provided to a counterparty to provide certain assurance of performance by the entity pursuant to the terms of a written or oral agreement
 such as a lease.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.8
17)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

374
        

969)


        
        
        

241


        

154

800
239

878
181


        

507

801
139

610
453


        
        
        
        


        

463

515
443
        


        

645
999

155)

890
175)


        

062
969

010
427

722)




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 8
 16
 17
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        

      














Loans and Leases Receivable
 Related Parties
 Additions

468

820
        


Loans and Leases Receivable
 Related Parties
 Collections

047
922

797
        


Notes Payable
 Related Parties

363

843

363


Related Party Transaction
 Rate
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 due to related parties.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 for example
 leasing and debt arrangements between related parties.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
      
    
      On March 3
 2013
 the Company entered into an Agreement and
      Plan of Merger (the &#8220;Merger Agreement&#8221;) with
      Diamond Infant Formula Holding Limited
      (&#8220;Holdco&#8221;)
 Platinum Infant Formula Holding
      Limited
 and a wholly owned subsidiary of Holdco
      (&#8220;Parent&#8221;)
 and Infant Formula Merger Sub Holding
      Inc.
 a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (&#8220;Merger
      Sub&#8221;)
 which is intended to effectuate the Going
      Private Proposal. Pursuant to the terms and subject to the
      conditions of the Merger Agreement
 Merger Sub will merge
      with and into the Company with the Company surviving as a
      wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent and a wholly-owned indirect
      subsidiary of Holdco (the &#8220;Merger&#8221;). In
      connection with and at the effective time of the Merger
 each
      share of the Company&#8217;s common stock that is outstanding
      immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger will be
      cancelled in consideration for the right to receive $7.40 in
      cash without interest
 except for those shares beneficially
      owned by Mr. Leng You-Bin
 Mr. Liu Sheng-Hui
 Mr. Liu Hua
      Holdco
 Parent
 Merger Sub
 the Company or any its subsidiary
      immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger
 which
      shares will be cancelled for no consideration at the
      effective time of the Merger
 subject to applicable
      dissenters rights. If the Merger closes pursuant to the
      Merger Agreement
 the Company would cease to be listed on the
      NYSE or a public reporting company in the U.S.
    




        
          

        
          
            

 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      















          

        
        
        


Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share
 Amount

006
000

446
000

245



          

        
        
        


Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share
 Amount
        

937

937




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 13
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

18. Other Intangible Assets
 Net

        

      






        
        

 NET
    
      Other intangible assets
 net
 as of December 31
 2012 and
      2011 consisted of the following:
    


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2011


          &#160;




          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          


          &#160;




          Exclusive rights of milk supply


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;




          Total other intangible assets
 net


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


    
      Amortization expense for continuing operations for the years
      ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010 was nil
 $197
524 and
      $257
166
 respectively.
    
      Exclusive rights of milk supply
 which the Company acquired
      in 2009
 are carried at cost less accumulated amortization.
      Amortization is calculated on a straight-line basis over the
      expected useful lives of 4.7 years. The Company performed an
      impairment test relating to the intangible assets and
      recorded an impairment loss of nil
 $457
023 and nil for the
      years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010 respectively.
    




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 44
 45
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


          &#160;


          &#160;



 2012


          &#160;


          &#160;



 2011


          &#160;




          &#160;


          &#160;


          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          


          &#160;




          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          Current assets:


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          Cash and cash equivalents


          &#160;


          &#160;


          30
851


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          494
340


          &#160;




          Notes receivable
 net of allowance for doubtful accounts
          of $3
350
056 as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
          respectively


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;




          Other receivables


          &#160;


          &#160;


          3
154


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          3
154


          &#160;




          Income tax receivable


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          670


          &#160;




          Total current assets


          &#160;


          &#160;


          34
005


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          498
164


          &#160;




          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          Other assets:

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          Due from subsidiaries


          &#160;


          &#160;


          87
643
750


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          87
643
750


          &#160;




          Investment in subsidiaries


          &#160;


          &#160;


          188
783
841


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          159
115
372


          &#160;




          Total assets


          &#160;


          &#160;


          276
461
596


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          247
257
286


          &#160;




          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          Liabilities

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          Current liabilities:

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          Accounts payable


          &#160;


          &#160;


          465
000


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          472
164


          &#160;




          Other payables


          &#160;


          &#160;


          930
282


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          442
600


          &#160;




          Advances from employees


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          105
000


          &#160;




          Accrued interest-current


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          395
783


          &#160;




          Redeemable common stock (US$0.001 par value
 nil and
          1
312
500 shares issued and outstanding as of December
          31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively)


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          32
696
658


          &#160;




          Total current liabilities


          &#160;


          &#160;


          1
395
282


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          34
112
205


          &#160;




          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          Due to subsidiaries


          &#160;


          &#160;


          12
193
504


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          4
230
102


          &#160;




          Unrecognized tax benefits - non-current


          &#160;


          &#160;


          1
892
605


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          1
727
142


          &#160;




          Accrued interest-non current


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          170
555


          &#160;




          Other long term loans


          &#160;


          &#160;


          59
222
577


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          32
803
289


          &#160;




          Total liabilities


          &#160;


          &#160;


          74
703
968


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          73
043
293


          &#160;




          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          Shareholders&#8217; equity


          &#160;


          &#160;


          201
757
628


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          174
213
993


          &#160;




          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          Total liabilities
 redeemable common stock and equity


          &#160;


          &#160;


          276
461
596


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          247
257
286


          &#160;


    


          


          


For
          the years ended December 31



          




          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          




          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          




          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          








          


          



083



          


          


          



796



          


          


          



422



          







        
          


          



083



          

        
          


          



796



          

        
          


          



422



          




          

        
          


          


          


          

        
          


          


          


          

        
          


          


          


          





          operating income


        
          


          


          


          

        
          


          






          

        
          


          






          




          

        
          


          


          


          

        
          


          


          


          

        
          


          


          


          







        
          


          


          


          

        
          


          


          


          

        
          


          


          


          








          


          






          


          


          






          


          


          






          







        
          


          



100



          

        
          


          



396



          

        
          


          



410



          




          

        
          


          


          


          

        
          


          


          


          

        
          


          


          


          








          


          






          


          


          



481



          


          


          






          







        
          


          



488



          

        
          


          



877



          

        
          


          



143



          




          

        
          


          


          


          

        
          


          


          


          

        
          


          


          


          








          


          



651



          


          


          






          


          


          



440



          







        
          


          



162



          

        
          


          



927



          

        
          


          



583



          







        
          


          


          


          

        
          


          


          


          

        
          


          



086



          








          


          


          


          


          


          



033



          


          


          


          


          





          income (loss) attributable to common shareholders of
          Feihe International



          


          



162



          


          


          



894



          


          


          



670



          




          

        
          


          


          


          

        
          


          


          


          

        
          


          


          


          





          income (loss) attributable to common shareholders of
          Feihe International



          


          



162



          


          


          



801



          


          


          



670



          





          comprehensive income


        
          


          


          


          

        
          


          


          


          

        
          


          


          


          








          


          



742



          


          


          



236



          


          


          



181



          








          


          






          


          


          






          


          


          






          








          


          


          


          


          


          



341



          


          


          


          


          








          


          



748



          


          


          



866



          


          


          



184



          





          income attributable to common shareholders of Feihe
          International



          


          



910



          


          


          



065



          


          


          



485



          )


    


          &#160;


          &#160;


          For&#160;the&#160;years&#160;ended&#160;December&#160;31


          &#160;




          &#160;


          &#160;


          2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2011


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2010


          &#160;




          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;




          Cash flows from operating activities:

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          Net income (loss)


          &#160;


          &#160;


          21
162
301


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (2
927
798


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (9
583
871


          )




          Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash
          used in provided by operating activities:

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          Equity in (earnings) losses of subsidiaries


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (25
651
139


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (949
559


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          5
440
602


          &#160;




          Share-based compensation


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2
364
004


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          1
742
646


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2
599
646


          &#160;




          Changes in assets and liabilities:

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          Decrease in tax receivable

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          670



        




          &#8212;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;




          Decrease in due from related parties


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          500
716


          &#160;




          (Increase) decrease in other receivable
 prepayments and
          other assets


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (1
556


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          179
137


          &#160;




          Decrease in accounts payable


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (7
163


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (6
075


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (486
374


          )




          Increase in accrued expenses
 other payable and income
          taxes payable


          &#160;


          &#160;


          487
682




          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          956
115


          &#160;




          (Decrease) increase in due from subsidiaries and
          impairment


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (3


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          652
412


          &#160;




          Increase in due to subsidiaries


          &#160;


          &#160;


          7
963
400


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;




          (Decrease) increase in employee advances


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (105
000


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          105
000


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;




          Increase (decrease) of unrecognized tax benefits -
          non-current


          &#160;


          &#160;


          165
463


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          1
480
768


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (1
254
144


          )




          Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities


          &#160;


          &#160;


          6
380
218


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (556
577


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (995
761


          )




          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          Cash flows from financing activities:

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          Proceeds from option exercise


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          96
000


          &#160;




          Proceeds from other long term loans


          &#160;


          &#160;


          25
852
951


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          33
369
627


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;




          Redemption of redeemable common stock


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (32
696
658


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (32
383
322


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;




          Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (6
843
707


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          986
305


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          96
000


          &#160;




          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (463
489


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          429
728


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (899
761


          )




          Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year


          &#160;


          &#160;


          494
340


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          64
612


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          964
373


          &#160;




          Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year


          &#160;


          &#160;


          30
851


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          494
340


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          64
612


          &#160;


    
      
    
      The condensed financial information of the parent company
      Feihe International
 Inc.
 has been prepared using the same
      accounting policies as set out in the Group&#8217;s
      consolidated financial statements except that the parent
      company has used the equity method to account for its
      investment in its subsidiaries.
    




        
          

        
          
            

 including the financial position
 cash flows
 and the results of operations of the registrant (parent company) as of the same dates or for the same periods for which audited consolidated financial statements are being presented. Alternatively
 the details of this disclosure can be reported by the specific parent company taxonomy elements
 indicating the appropriate date and period contexts in an instance document.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

508
        


        

508
        


        

509
        


Total minimum lease payments as of December 31
 2012

525
        


        

947)
        


        

578
        


        

722)

066)


        

856

180




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal
 through the balance sheet date and due to be paid within one year (or one operating cycle
 if longer) of the balance sheet date.
              
 -Paragraph 7
 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal
 through the balance sheet date and due to be paid more than one year (or one operating cycle
 if longer) after the balance sheet date.
              
 -Paragraph 7
 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including amounts paid by the lessee to the lessor for insurance
 maintenance and taxes.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
      
    
      Short term bank loans included in the consolidated balance
      sheets as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 comprised the
      following:
    


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2011


          &#160;




          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;




          Loan payable to a bank in PRC
 bearing interest at 5.6%
          per annum
 secured by Feihe Dairy&#8217;s restricted cash
          of $6.5 million as of December 31
 2012
 due and repaid
          on January 30
 2013


          &#160;


          &#160;


          6
099
322


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;




          Loan payable to a bank in PRC
 bearing interest at 6.94%
          per annum
 secured by Feihe Soybean&#8217;s land use
          rights and buildings with a total carrying amount of
          $1
440
665 as of December 31
 2012
 and an undertaking
          from Feihe Dairy to maintain debt-asset ratio of not more
          than 70%
 current ratio of at least 100% and quick ratio
          of at least 50%
 payable on July 1
 2013


          &#160;


          &#160;


          1
926
102


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;




          Loan payable to a bank in PRC
 bearing interest at 6.94%
          per annum
 and an undertaking to maintain debt-asset
          ratio of not more than 70%
 current ratio of at least
          100% and quick ratio of at least 50%
 payable on July 1
          2013


          &#160;


          &#160;


          1
926
102


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;




          Loan payable to a bank in PRC
 bearing interest at 6.00%
          per annum
 secured by Gannan Feihe&#8217;s machinery with
          a carrying amount of $20
273
576 as of December 31
 2012
          payable on July 9
 2013 (ii)


          &#160;


          &#160;


          8
025
425


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;




          Loan payable to a bank in PRC
 bearing interest at 6.30%
          per annum
 guaranteed by Feihe Dairy
 payable on August
          29
 2013


          &#160;


          &#160;


          3
210
170


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;




          Loan payable to a bank in PRC
 bearing interest at 6.30%
          per annum
 guaranteed by Feihe Dairy 
 payable on
          September 19
 2013


          &#160;


          &#160;


          1
605
084


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;




          Loan payable to a bank in PRC
 bearing interest at 6% per
          annum
 secured by Feihe Dairy&#8217;s plant and land use
          rights with a total carrying amount of $15
903
500 as of
          December 31
 2012
 payable on November 18
 2013 (i)


          &#160;


          &#160;


          8
025
425


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;




          Loan payable to a bank in PRC
 bearing interest at 6% per
          annum
 payable on November 18
 2013 (i)

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          24
076
273


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;




          Loan payable to a bank in PRC
 bearing interest at 6.30%
          per annum
 guaranteed by Feihe Dairy
 payable on December
          5
 2013


          &#160;


          &#160;


          3
210
170


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;




          Loan payable to a bank in PRC
 bearing interest at 6.12%
          per annum
 guaranteed by Feihe Dairy and an undertaking
          from Feihe Dairy to maintain debt-asset ratio of not more
          than 70%
 current ratio of at least 100% and long term
          investment of not more than 40% of net assets and due on
          December 3
 2013


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2
568
136


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;




          Loan payable to a bank in PRC
 bearing interest at 6.12%
          per annum
 guaranteed by Feihe Dairy and an undertaking
          from Feihe Dairy to maintain debt-asset ratio of not more
          than 70%
 current ratio of at least 100% and long term
          investment of not more than 40% of net assets
 due on
          December 3
 2013


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2
568
136


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;




          Loan payable to a bank in PRC
 bearing interest at 5.81%
          per annum
 secured by Feihe Dairy&#8217;s machinery and
          an undertaking from Feihe Dairy to maintain
          debt-to-equity ratio of not more than 70% and current
          ratio of at least 100%
 payable with interest on
          maturity
 due and repaid on January 25
 2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          1
429
956


          &#160;




          Loan payable to a bank in PRC
 bearing interest at 6.31%
          per annum
 secured by machinery
 payable with interest on
          maturity
 due and repaid on April 6
 2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          5
997
871


          &#160;




          Loan payable to a bank in PRC
 bearing interest at 6.89%
          per annum
 guaranteed by Feihe Dairy and an undertaking
          from Gannan Feihe to maintain debt-to-equity ratio of not
          more than 60% and current ratio of at least 120%
 payable
          with interest on maturity
 due and repaid on August 30
          2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          3
177
680


          &#160;




          Loan payable to a bank in PRC
 bearing interest at 6.89%
          per annum
 guaranteed by Feihe Dairy and an undertaking
          from Gannan Feihe to maintain debt-to-equity ratio of not
          more than 60% and current ratio of at least 120%
 payable
          with interest on maturity
 due on and repaid September
          14
 2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          1
588
840


          &#160;




          Loan payable to a bank in PRC
 bearing interest at 6.56%
          per annum
 secured by plant and land
 payable with
          interest on maturity
 due and repaid on November 23
 2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          7
944
200


          &#160;




          Loan payable to a bank in PRC
 bearing interest at 6.56%
          per annum
 payable with interest on maturity
 due and
          repaid on November 23
 2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          23
832
600


          &#160;




          Loan payable to a bank in PRC
 bearing interest at 6.89%
          per annum
 guaranteed by Feihe Dairy and an undertaking
          from Gannan Feihe to maintain debt-to-equity ratio of not
          more than 60% and current ratio of at least 100% and
          quick ratio of at least 50%
 payable with interest on
          maturity
 due and repaid on December 21
 2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          3
177
680


          &#160;




          Loan payable to a bank in PRC
 bearing interest at a
          floating interest rate at RMB benchmark deposit interest
          rates per annum
 unsecured and due and repaid on December
          26
 2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2
542
144


          &#160;




          Loan payable to a bank in PRC
 bearing interest at a
          floating interest rate RMB benchmark deposit interest
          rate per annum
 secured by the plant and land
 due and
          repaid on December 26
 2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2
542
144


          &#160;




          Loan payable to a bank in PRC
 bearing interest at a
          floating interest rate at 130% of RMB benchmark deposit
          interest rate per annum
 secured by a property
 payable
          with interest on maturity and an undertaking from Beijing
          Feihe to maintain current assets of not less than RMB8
          million ($1
270
224)
 net assets of at least RMB2 million
          ($317
556) and current ratio of at least 100%
 due and
          repaid on December
 30
 2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2
383
260


          &#160;




          Total


          &#160;


          &#160;


          63
240
345


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          54
616
375


          &#160;


    


          


          These loans were granted pursuant to a loan facility
          letter and have been made available to the Company up to
          RMB500 million (approximately $80.3 million) until July
          24
 2013. These loans were also secured by a personal
          guarantee of Mr. Leng You-bin
 Chairman
 Chief Executive
          Officer
 President
 and General Manager of the Group
 for
          a period of one year from November 19
 2012 to November
          18
 2013.




          


          The loan was also secured by a personal guarantee of Mr.
          Leng for a period of one year from July 10
 2012 to July
          9
 2013.


    
      All of the short term&#160;bank loans are denominated in RMB
      and therefore subject to exchange rate fluctuations.&#160;As
      of December 31
 2012
 the Company was able to meet all the
      financial covenants of the above loans.
    




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        

186
510

630
874

395
386)






        
        
        


        
        

960
409

261
472


        
        

938
301

151
876


        
        

613
122

499
869)


        
        

318
350)
        


        
        

705
228)

499
869)




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and noncontrolling interest.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income tax before extraordinary items allocable to noncontrolling interests. Includes
 net of tax
 income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 provision (or any reversals of earlier provisions) for loss on disposal
 and adjustments of a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      


































        
        
        
        
        
        

500

362
000

245


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

000

000

332
000

000

000
        

332
000
        


        
        
        

643
504

516
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        

500)

000)
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        

000)

245)
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.1.0.1
 *
 */
var moreDialog = null;
var Show = {
    Default:'raw'
    more:function( obj ){
        var bClosed = false;
        if( moreDialog != null )
        {
			try
			{
				bClosed = moreDialog.closed;
			}
			catch(e)
			{
				//Per article at http://support.microsoft.com/kb/244375 there is a problem with the WebBrowser control
				// that somtimes causes it to throw when checking the closed property on a child window that has been
				//closed.  So if the exception occurs we assume the window is closed and move on from there.
				bClosed = true;
			}
			if( !bClosed ){
				moreDialog.close();
			}
        }
        obj = obj.parentNode.getElementsByTagName( 'pre' )[0];
		var hasHtmlTag = false;
		var objHtml = '';
		var raw = '';
		//Check for raw HTML
		var nodes = obj.getElementsByTagName( '*' );
		if( nodes.length ){
			objHtml = obj.innerHTML;
		}else{
			if( obj.innerText ){
				raw = obj.innerText;
			}else{
				raw = obj.textContent;
			}

			if( matches && matches.length ){
				objHtml = raw;
				//If there is an html node it will be 1st or 2nd
				//   but we can check a little further.
				var n = Math.min( 5
 matches.length );

					var el = matches[ i ].toString().toLowerCase();

						hasHtmlTag = true;
						break;
					}
				}
			}
		}
        if( objHtml.length ){
			var html = '';
			if( hasHtmlTag ){
				html = objHtml;
			}else{


'+

					\n+'    body {'+
					\n+'    }'+
					\n+'    table {'+
					\n+'    }'+



						objHtml +


			}
			moreDialog = window.open(
More
width=700,height=650,status=0,resizable=yes,menubar=no,toolbar=no,scrollbars=yes);
			moreDialog.document.write( html );
			moreDialog.document.close();
			if( !hasHtmlTag ){
				moreDialog.document.body.style.margin = '0.5em';
			}
        }
        else
        {
			//default view logic
			var lines = raw.split( \n );
			var longest = 0;


					longest = Math.max( longest
 lines[p].length );
				}
			}
			//Decide on the default view

			//Build formatted view

			var formatted = '';

				if( text.length == 1 ){

;
				}else{

\n;
					}
				}
			}else{
';
			}


'+

				\n+'    body {'+
				\n+'       background-color: #f0f9ee;'+
				\n+'       font-family: Arial
 san-serif; font-size: 0.8em;'+
				\n+'    }'+
				\n+'    table {'+
				\n+'       font-size: 1em;'+
				\n+'    }'+




				\n+'    
				\n+'        
'+


				\n+'    
				\n+'        
'+


				\n+'    
				\n+'        
'+





			moreDialog = window.open(
More
width=700,height=650,status=0,resizable=yes,menubar=no,toolbar=no,scrollbars=yes);
			moreDialog.document.write(html);
			moreDialog.document.close();
			this.toggle( moreDialog );
        }
		moreDialog.document.title = 'Report Preview Details';
    }
    toggle:function( win
 domLink ){
        var domId = this.Default;
        var doc = win.document;
        var domEl = doc.getElementById( domId );
        domEl.style.display = 'block';
        this.Default = domId == 'raw' ? 'formatted' : 'raw';
        if( domLink ){
            domLink.innerHTML = this.Default == 'raw' ? 'with Text Wrapped' : 'as Filed';
        }
        var domElOpposite = doc.getElementById( this.Default );
        domElOpposite.style.display = 'none';
    }
	LastAR : null
	showAR : function ( link
 id
 win ){
		if( Show.LastAR ){
			Show.hideAR();
		}
		var ref = link;
		do {
			ref = ref.nextSibling;
		} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
		if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
			var tmp = win ?
				win.document.getElementById(id) :
				document.getElementById(id);
			if( tmp ){
				ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
				ref.id = '';
				link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
			}
		}
		if( ref ){
			ref.style.display = 'block';
			Show.LastAR = ref;
		}
	}
	toggleNext : function( link ){
		var ref = link;
		do{
			ref = ref.nextSibling;
		}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
		if( ref.style &&
			ref.style.display &&
			ref.style.display == 'none' ){
			ref.style.display = 'block';
			if( link.textContent ){
				link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
			}else{
				link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
			}
		}else{
			ref.style.display = 'none';
			if( link.textContent ){
				link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
			}else{
				link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
			}
		}
	}
	hideAR : function(){
		Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
	}
}











    
  
      

          

        

      






Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements Disclosure [Text Block]
        
      
    
      The accompanying consolidated financial statements include
      the financial statements of Feihe International
 Inc. (the
      &#8220;Company&#8221; or &#8220;Feihe International&#8221;)
      and its subsidiaries. The Company and its subsidiaries are
      collectively referred to as the &#8220;Group.&#8221;
    
      The Company was incorporated in the State of Utah on December
      31
 1985
 originally under the corporate name of Gaslight
      Inc. It was inactive until March 30
 1988 when it changed its
      corporate name to Lazarus Industries
 Inc. and engaged in the
      business of manufacturing and marketing medical devices. This
      line of business was discontinued in 1991
 and it became a
      non-operating public company shell.
    
      Effective May 7
 2003
 the Company acquired 100% of the
      issued and outstanding capital stock of American Flying Crane
      Corporation (&#8220;AFC&#8221;)
 a Delaware corporation. In
      connection with that acquisition
 the Company changed its
      name to American Dairy
 Inc. In October 2010
 the Company
      changed its name to Feihe International
 Inc.
    
      AFC was incorporated in Delaware
 with 50
000
000 shares of
      authorized common stock at a par value of $0.001 per share.
      AFC owns 100% of the registered capital of Heilongjiang Feihe
      Dairy Co.
 Limited (&#8220;Feihe Dairy&#8221;). Feihe Dairy
      in turn owns 99% of the registered capital of Baiquan Feihe
      Dairy Co. Limited (&#8220;Baiquan Dairy&#8221;)
 95% of
      Beijing Feihe Biotechnology Scientific and Commercial Co.
      Limited (&#8220;Beijing Feihe&#8221;) and 99% of Qiqihaer
      Feihe Soybean Co.
 Limited (&#8220;Feihe Soybean&#8221;)
      100% of Heilongjiang Aiyingquan International Trading Co.
      Limited (&#8220;Aiyingquan&#8221;) which was established in
      2009
 and 85% of the registered capital of Heilongjiang
      Flying Crane Trading Co.
 Limited (&#8220;Feihe
      Trading&#8221;)
 which was established in January 2010.
    
      Feihe Dairy also owned Heilongjiang Feihe Kedong Feedlots
      Co.
 Limited (&#8220;Kedong Farms&#8221;) and Heilongjiang
      Feihe Gannan Feedlots Co.
 Limited (&#8220;Gannan
      Farms&#8221;
 and together with Kedong Farms
 the
      &#8220;Dairy Farms&#8221;). The Company completed the sale of
      these subsidiaries on October 31
 2011 and
 as a result
 they
      are accounted for as discontinued operations in the
      accompanying consolidated financial statements for the years
      ended December 31
 2011 and 2010. Accordingly
 assets and
      liabilities
 revenues and expenses
 and cash flows related to
      the Dairy Farms business have been classified in the
      accompanying consolidated financial statements as
      discontinued operations for the years ended December 31
      2012
 2011 and 2010. Additional information with respect to
      the sale of the Dairy Farms is presented at Note 7.
    
      From 2006 onwards
 the Company has also owned 100% of the
      registered capital of Shanxi Feihesantai Biotechnology
      Scientific and Commercial Co.
 Limited (&#8220;Shanxi
      Feihe&#8221;)
 Langfang Flying Crane Dairy Products Co.
      Limited (&#8220;Langfang Feihe&#8221;) and Gannan Flying
      Crane Dairy Products Co.
 Limited (&#8220;Gannan
      Feihe&#8221;).
    
      The core activities of the current subsidiaries included in
      the consolidated financial statements are as follows:
    


          &#8226;


          Feihe China Nutrition Company (formerly known as American
          Flying Crane Corporation) - Investment holding



        
          &#160;

        
          &#160;



        
          &#8226;

        
          Gannan Flying Crane Dairy Products Co.
 Limited -
          Manufacturing dairy products



        
          &#160;

        
          &#160;



        
          &#8226;

        
          Heilongjiang Feihe Dairy Co.
 Limited - Manufacturing and
          distributing dairy products



        
          &#160;

        
          &#160;



        
          &#8226;

        
          Beijing Feihe Biotechnology Scientific and Commercial
          Co.
 Limited - Marketing and distributing&#160;dairy
          products



        
          &#160;

        
          &#160;


      

          &#8226;


          Shanxi Feihesantai Biotechnology Scientific and
          Commercial Co.
 Limited - Manufacturing and distributing
          walnut and soybean products



        
          &#160;

        
          &#160;



        
          &#8226;

        
          Qiqihaer Feihe Soybean Co.
 Limited - Manufacturing and
          distributing soybean products



        
          &#160;

        
          &#160;




          &#8226;

        
          Langfang Flying Crane Dairy Products Co.
 Limited -
          Packaging and distributing dairy products
 ceased
          operations following the sale of the land use right and
          substantial fixed assets in November 2012



        
          &#160;

        
          &#160;



        
          &#8226;

        
          Heilongjiang Aiyingquan International Trading Co.
          Limited - Marketing and distributing&#160;water and
          cheese
 specifically marketed for consumption by children



        
          &#160;

        
          &#160;



        
          &#8226;

        
          Baiquan Feihe Dairy Co.
 Limited - Produced dairy
          products until 2011
 de-registered on May 23
 2012



        
          &#160;

        
          &#160;



        
          &#8226;

        
          Heilongjiang Flying Crane Trading Co.
 Limited
          (&#8220;Feihe Trading&#8221;) - Distributing milk and

          business de-registered on May 23



    
      Apart from AFC
 the subsidiaries&#8217; principal country of
      operations is the People&#8217;s Republic of China (the
      &#8220;PRC&#8221;).
    




        
          

        
          
            

 consolidation and basis of presentation of financial statements disclosure.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 C1
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 4
 14
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        

454
741

864


        

350
056

350
056


Common Stock
 Par Value (in Dollars per share)
        
        


Common Stock
 Shares Issued

784
291

714
291


Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding

784
291

714
291


Ordinary shares
 shares authorized

000
000

000
000



          

        
        


Common Stock
 Par Value (in Dollars per share)
        
        


Common Stock
 Shares Issued
        

312
500


Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        

312
500




        
          

        
          
            

 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 whichever is longer)
 consisting of principal as well as any accrued interest) for the portion that is expected to be uncollectible.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

12. Inventories
 Net

        

      






        
        

 NET
    
      The inventory amounts included in the consolidated balance
      sheets as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 comprised:
    


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2011


          &#160;




          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;




          Raw materials


          &#160;


          &#160;


          13
668
736


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          15
461
871


          &#160;




          Work-in-progress


          &#160;


          &#160;


          8
745
336


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          8
678
336


          &#160;




          Finished goods


          &#160;


          &#160;


          8
424
220


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          9
188
742


          &#160;




          Total inventories


          &#160;


          &#160;


          30
838
292


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          33
328
949


          &#160;


    




        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the major classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory. If inventory is stated above cost
 accrued net losses on firm purchase commitments for inventory and losses resulting from valuing inventory at the lower-of-cost-or-market may also be included. For LIFO inventory
 may disclose the amount and basis for determining the excess of replacement or current cost over stated LIFO value and the effects of a LIFO quantities liquidation that impacts net income.
              
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        

242

880

759
719



          

        
        
        


        
        
        

562
374



          

        
        
        


        

242

880

345




        
          

        
          
            

 fees and commissions earned from transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiaries; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) an entity and trusts for the benefit of employees
 for example
 but not limited to
 pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entity's management; (d) an entity and its principal
 owners
 management
 or members of their immediate families; and (e) affiliates.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        

683
732
        

561
388
        


        

025
311
        

578
354
        


        

795
        

113
105
        


        
        
        

180
954
        




 Plant


        
        
        
        


        

784
034
        

865
860
        



          

        
        
        
        


        

973
046
        

475
810
        






        
        
        
        


        

470
064
        

600
        



          

        
        
        
        


        

978
        

933
        



          

        
        
        
        


        

042
        

889
        



          

        
        
        
        


        

099
462
        

221
883
        

      
        

      



              

 the Group considers them to be unsecured
 non-interest bearing loans from the local County Finance Department that are repayable on demand. During 2012
 the company repaid $316
992 to the local County Finance Department. The remaining balance of $863
962 in 2011 represented the payable to local County Finance Department for the land use rights of Langfang Feihe. No such balance remained outstanding as of December 31
 2012 following the sale of land use rights and property



              

 advertising cost








        
          

        
          
            

 which are not elsewhere specified in the taxonomy. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 materials
 supplies and services pertaining to construction projects such as a housing development or factory expansion not classified as trade payables.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 not to include stockholders or officers.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of liabilities not separately disclosed in the balance sheet.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        

153
755

806
444


        

512

280


        

697

366


        

261

280


        

193
225

943
370




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 trade and selling of the entity's goods and services.   Marketing costs would include expenditures for planning and executing the conception
 pricing
 promotion
 and distribution of ideas
 goods
 and services; costs of public relations and corporate promotions; and obligations incurred and payable for sales discounts
 rebates
 price protection programs
 etc. offered to customers and under government programs. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including trade payables
 incurred through that date and due within one year (or in the operating cycle if longer) arising from transactions not otherwise specified in the taxonomy.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        

784
291
        


        
        
        

765
000


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

         2012
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
      
      
    
      
    
      Various inputs are considered when determining the fair value
      of the Company&#8217;s financial instruments.&#160;The inputs
      or methodologies used for valuing securities are not
      necessarily an indication of the risk associated with
      investing in these securities. These inputs are summarized in
      the three broad levels listed below.
    
      &#160;
    
      Level 1 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are
      quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or
      liabilities.
    
      
    
      Level 2 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are
      inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that
      are observable for the asset or liability such as quoted
      prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets;
      quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets
      with insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less
      active markets); or model-derived valuations in which
      significant inputs are observable or can be derived
      principally from
 or corroborated by
 observable market data.
    
      
    
      Level 3 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are
      unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are
      significant to the measurement of the fair value of the
      assets or liabilities.
    
      Investment in mutual funds is carried at fair value based on
      the quoted market prices of the underlying fund as of
      December 31
 2012 and 2011. Unrealized (loss) gain recorded
      for the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010 was
      $6
094
 $(28
178) and $2
828
 respectively.
    


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          Fair&#160;value&#160;measurement


          &#160;




          Description


          &#160;


          December&#160;31


          &#160;


          &#160;


          Quoted&#160;prices in&#160;active markets&#160;of
          identical&#160;assets (Level&#160;1)


          &#160;


          &#160;


          Significant &#160;other observable inputs (Level&#160;2)


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          Significant unobservable inputs &#160;(Level&#160;3)


          &#160;




          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;




          Investment in mutual funds - 2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          117
210


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          117
210


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;




          Investment in mutual funds - 2011


          &#160;


          &#160;


          111
116


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          111
116


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


    
      
    
      The balance represents an investment in a private entity
      established in the PRC and is classified under non-current
      assets.&#160; It is measured at cost less any impairment at
      the end of each reporting period because it does not have a
      readily determinable fair value and does not qualify for
      consolidation or the equity method of accounting.
    




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 3
 19
 20
 21
 22
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          







        

408
770




 Plant


        


Assets Held-for-sale
 Long Lived

100
000



          

        


Assets Held-for-sale
 Long Lived

000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 other than loans receivable.
              
 -Paragraph 34
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        

992






        


        

962


        

962


        

962




        
          

        
          
            

 aggregate carrying value as of the balance sheet date of loans payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer).
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment (capital expenditures)
 software
 and other intangible assets.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        

850
899

935
374

614
328


        

125
489)

614
710)

325
418)


        

725
410

320
664

288
910


        
        
        
        


        

990
356)

988
475)

276
220)


        

594
465)

018
366)

306
074)


        
        

012
410)

437
005)


        

584
821)

019
251)

019
299)


Other operating income (expense)
 net
        
        
        


Gain (loss) on disposal of property
 plant and equipment and land use rights

329
473

619)

637)


        

678)

801
298

753)


Other operating income (expense)
 net

301
795

280
679

390)


        

442
384

582
092

281
779)


        

103

008

967


        

891
376)

235
956)

011
282)


        
        
        

413)


        

077
        
        


        

435
291

205
157

709
399


        

249
479

641
301

675
108)


        

062
969)

010
427)

722


        

186
510

630
874

395
386)


Loss from discontinued operations
 net of tax
        

705
228)

499
869)


        

186
510

074
354)

895
255)


Other comprehensive income
 net of tax
        
        
        


        

699
885

250
387

203
664


        

094

178)

828


        
        

341
550)
        


        

705
979

880
659

206
492


        

892
489

806
305

688
763)


        

943

799)

719)


Comprehensive income attributable to common shareholders of Feihe International
 Inc.

910
432

792
506

710
482)


        

209)

302)

384


        
        

033
738
        


        
        
        

086
622)


Net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders of Feihe International
 Inc.

162
301

918)

670
493)


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

756
559

688
551

647
844


        

756
559

688
551

647
844



          

        
        
        


Other comprehensive income
 net of tax
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

756
559

688
551

647
844


        

756
559

688
551

647
844



          

        
        
        


Other comprehensive income
 net of tax
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

380

065
839

625
000


        

380

065
839

625
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but excludes any and all transactions which are directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including both controlling (parent) and noncontrolling interests. It includes all changes in equity during a period except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners
 including any and all transactions which are directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including a component of the entity (discontinued operation)
 during the reporting period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 36
 37
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 11
 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant
 and equipment asset that was sold or retired during the reporting period. This element refers to the gain (loss).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 other than goodwill.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after income or loss from equity method investments
 but before income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and noncontrolling interest.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 36
 37
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 11
 12
 36
 37
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income tax
 reported as a separate component of income before extraordinary items after deduction or consideration of the amount allocable to noncontrolling interests. Includes
 net of tax
 income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 provision (or any reversals of earlier provisions) for loss on disposal
 and adjustments of a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of related tax effect
 per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 9
 10
 36
 37
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph A1
 A4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 general and administrative expense.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before reclassification adjustments
 resulting from the process of expressing in the reporting currency of the reporting entity those amounts that are denominated or measured in a different currency
 and from transactions whose terms are denominated in a currency other than the entity's functional currency.
              
 -Paragraph 13
 20
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 17
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 from items that are associated with the entity's normal revenue producing operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 from items that are associated with the entity's normal revenue producing operations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
      
    
      The following is a reconciliation of the numerators and
      denominators of the basic and diluted net income (loss) per
      share computations:
    


          &#160;


          &#160;


          For the year ended December 31


          &#160;




          &#160;


          &#160;


          2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2011


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2010


          &#160;




          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;




          Net income (loss) attributable to Feihe International
          Inc. shareholders

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          - continuing operations


          &#160;


          &#160;


          21
162
301


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          4
504
572


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (3
084
002


          )




          - discontinued operations
 net of tax


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (5
705
228


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (6
499
869


          )




          Net income (loss) attributable to Feihe International
          Inc. shareholders

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          21
162
301


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (1
200
656


          )

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (9
583
871


          )




          Settlement of redeemable common stock

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          1
033
738


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;




          Deemed dividend on redeemable common stock


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (1
086
622


          )




          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          21
162
301


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (166
918


          )

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (10
670
493


          )




          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          Net income (loss) attributable to Feihe International
          Inc. shareholders allocated for computing net income
          (loss) per common stock - Basic

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          - continuing operations

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          20
781
743


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          5
067
060


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (3
973
681


          )




          - discontinued operations
 net of tax


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (5
163
449


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (5
439
224


          )




          Net income (loss) attributable to Feihe International
          Inc. allocated for computing net (loss) income per share
          of common stock - Basic

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          20
781
743


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (96
389


          )

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (9
412
905


          )




          Net income (loss) attributable to Feihe International
          Inc. allocated for computing net income (loss) per
          redeemable common stock - Basic

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          - continuing operations

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          380
558


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          471
250


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          555
728


          &#160;




          - discontinued operations
 net of tax


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (541
779


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (726
694


          )




          Net income (loss) attributable to Feihe International
          Inc. allocated for computing net income (loss) per share
          of redeemable common stock - Basic

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          380
558


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (70
529


          )

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (170
966


          )




          Net income (loss) attributable to Feihe International
          Inc. for computing net income (loss) per common stock -
          Diluted

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          - continuing operations

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          20
781
743


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          5
067
060


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (3
973
681


          )




          - discontinued operations
 net of tax


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (5
163
449


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (5
439
224


          )




          Net income (loss) attributable to Feihe International
          Inc. for computing net income per common stock - Diluted

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          20
781
743


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (96
389


          )

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (9
412
905


          )




          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          Net income (loss) attributable to Feihe International
          Inc. for computing net income (loss) per redeemable
          common stock - Diluted

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          - continuing operations

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          380
558


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          471
250


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          555
728


          &#160;




          - discontinued operations
 net of tax


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (541
779


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (726
694


          )




          Net income (loss) attributable to Feihe International
          Inc. allocated for computing net income (loss) per share
          of redeemable common stock - Diluted


          &#160;


          &#160;


          380
558


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (70
529


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (170
966


          )




          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          Weighted-average common stock outstanding used in
          computing net income (loss) per share of common stock -
          Basic

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          19
756
559


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          19
688
551


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          19
647
844


          &#160;




          Weighted-average common stock outstanding used in
          computing net income (loss) per share of common stock -
          Diluted

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          19
756
559


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          19
688
551


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          19
647
844


          &#160;




          Weighted-average shares of redeemable common stock
          outstanding used in computing net income (loss) per share
          of redeemable common stock - Basic

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          824
380


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          2
065
839


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          2
625
000


          &#160;




          Weighted-average shares of redeemable common stock
          outstanding used in computing net income (loss) per share
          of redeemable common stock - Diluted


          &#160;


          &#160;


          824
380


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2
065
839


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2
625
000


          &#160;




          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          Net income (loss) per share of common stock - Basic

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          - continuing operations

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          1.05


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          0.26


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (0.20


          )




          - discontinued operations
 net of tax


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (0.26


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (0.28


          )




          Net income (loss) attributable to Feihe International
          Inc.

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          1.05


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (0.48


          )




          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          Net income (loss) per share of common stock - Diluted

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          - continuing operations

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          1.05


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          0.26


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (0.20


          )




          - discontinued operations
 net of tax


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (0.26


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (0.28


          )




          Net income (loss) attributable to Feihe International
          Inc.

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          1.05


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (0.48


          )




          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          Net income (loss) per share of redeemable common stock -
          Basic

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          - continuing operations

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          0.46


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          0.23


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          0.21


          &#160;




          - discontinued operations
 net of tax


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (0.26


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (0.28


          )




          Net income (loss) attributable to redeemable common stock
          - Basic

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          0.46


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (0.03


          )

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (0.07


          )




          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          Net income (loss) per share of redeemable common stock -
          Diluted

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          - continuing operations

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          0.46


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          0.23


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          0.21


          &#160;




          - discontinued operations
 net of tax


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (0.26


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (0.28


          )




          Net income (loss) attributable to redeemable common stock
          - Diluted

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          0.46


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (0.03


          )

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (0.07


          )


    
      For the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
      1
006
000
 1
446
000 and 856
245 shares of the
      Company&#8217;s stock option
 and nil
 237
937 and 237
937
      warrants
 respectively
 were excluded from the calculation of
      diluted earnings per share because they were anti-dilutive.
    




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
      
    
      The Company is subject to U.S. federal and state income
      taxes. The Company&#8217;s subsidiaries incorporated in the
      PRC are subject to PRC enterprise income taxes. The provision
      for income taxes from continuing operations consisted of the
      following:
    


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2011


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2010


          &#160;




          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;




          Current:

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          Federal


          &#160;


          &#160;


          222
374


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (271
969


          )




          State

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          979


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          900


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          4
241


          &#160;




          PRC


          &#160;


          &#160;


          28
154


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          4
800
239


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          1
878
181


          &#160;




          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          251
507


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          4
801
139


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          1
610
453


          &#160;




          Deferred:

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          Federal

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          165
463


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          5
515
443


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;




          State

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;




          PRC


          &#160;


          &#160;


          3
645
999


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (306
155


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (1
890
175


          )




          Total provision for income tax


          &#160;


          &#160;


          4
062
969


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          10
010
427


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (279
722


          )


    
      The provision for income taxes is attributable to:
    


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2011


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2010


          &#160;




          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;




          Continuing operations


          &#160;


          &#160;


          4
062
969


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          10
010
427


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (279
722


          )




          Discontinued operations


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;




          Total provision for income tax


          &#160;


          &#160;


          4
062
969


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          10
010
427


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (279
722


          )


    
      The following is a reconciliation of the difference between
      the actual provision for income taxes and the provision
      computed by applying the federal statutory rate on income
      from continuing operations before income taxes:
    


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2011


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2010


          &#160;




          Tax at federal statutory rate


          &#160;


          &#160;


          34


          %


          &#160;


          &#160;


          34


          %


          &#160;


          &#160;


          34


          %




          Permanent differences

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (1.68


          %)

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          11.49


          %

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (33.31


          %)




          Effect of income tax rate differences in PRC

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (9.35


          %)

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (10.47


          %)

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (29.96


          %)




          Effect of tax holidays and preferential tax rates in PRC

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (11.19


          %)

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (14.07


          %)

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          67.61


          %




          Change in deferred tax

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          15.10


          %

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          10.38


          %

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (25.03


          %)




          (Decrease) increase in unrecognized tax benefit

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (11.01


          %)

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          37.01


          %

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          (14.73


          %)




          Others


          &#160;


          &#160;


          0.22


          %


          &#160;


          &#160;


          0.03


          %


          &#160;


          &#160;


          9.03


          %




          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          16.09


          %


          &#160;


          &#160;


          68.37


          %


          &#160;


          &#160;


          7.61


          %


    
      The following presents the aggregate dollar and per share
      effects of the Company&#8217;s&#160;tax holidays:
    


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2011


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2010


          &#160;




          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;




          Aggregate dollar effect of tax holiday


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (2
825
735


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (2
059
344


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (859
790


          )




          Per share effect-basic

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          0.14


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          0.09


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          0.04


          &#160;




          Per share effect-diluted

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          0.14


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          0.09


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          0.04


          &#160;


    
      Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the
      expected future tax consequences of differences between the
      carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their
      respective tax bases using enacted tax rates in effect for
      the year in which the differences are expected to reverse.
      Deferred taxes as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 comprised the
      following:
    


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2011


          &#160;




          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;




          Current deferred tax assets:

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          Accrued liabilities and reserves


          &#160;


          &#160;


          3
896
232


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          158
199


          &#160;




          Provision for doubtful accounts


          &#160;


          &#160;


          1
723
800


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          1
360
000


          &#160;




          Net current deferred tax assets before valuation
          allowance:

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          5
620
032


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          1
518
199


          &#160;




          Less: Valuation allowance


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (2
194
434


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (1
518
199


          )




          Current deferred tax assets
 net:


          &#160;


          &#160;


          3
425
598


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;




          Non-current deferred tax assets


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          Stock option expense

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          56
930


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          40
100


          &#160;




          Net operating loss carry forwards

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          4
278
078


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          10
071
000


          &#160;




          Accrued liabilities and reserves

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          2
873
346


          &#160;




          Depreciation and amortization


          &#160;


          &#160;


          392
513


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          354
799


          &#160;




          Non-current deferred tax assets before valuation
          allowance

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          4
727
521


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          13
339
245


          &#160;




          Less: Valuation allowance


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (2
079
633


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (3
441
652


          )




          Non-current deferred tax assets
 net:


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2
647
888


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          9
897
593


          &#160;




          Non-current deferred tax liabilities:

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;

        
          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          Intangible assets acquired


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (79
246


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (91
892


          )




          Non-current deferred tax assets
 net:


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2
568
642


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          9
805
701


          &#160;




          Total deferred tax assets
 net


          &#160;


          &#160;


          5
994
240


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          9
805
701


          &#160;


    
      The Company has recorded a valuation allowance against all of
      its U.S. federal and state and PRC deferred tax assets at
      December 31
 2012 and 2011
 except for Feihe Dairy and Gannan
      Feihe. In accordance with authoritative guidance regarding
      accounting for income taxes
 based on all available evidence
      including the Company&#8217;s historical results and the
      uncertainty of predicting its future income
 the valuation
      allowance reduces the Company&#8217;s deferred tax assets to
      an amount that is more likely than not to be realized.
    
      For U.S. federal income tax purposes
 the Company has net
      operating loss (&#8220;NOL&#8221;) carry forwards of
      approximately $4.4 million and $2.6 million
 as of December
      31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. The Company also has
      approximately $11.1 million and $36.8 million of NOL carry
      forwards for PRC enterprise income tax purposes
 as of
      December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. As of December 31
      2012 and 2011
 valuation allowances were approximately $4.3
      million and $5.0 million
 respectively
 which were provided
      against deferred tax assets of the Company and certain
      subsidiaries due to the uncertainty of realization. The NOL
      carry forwards for the Company and its subsidiaries as of
      December 31
 2012 will expire on various dates between 2015
      and 2032.
    
      On March 16
 2007
 the PRC National People&#8217;s Congress
      passed the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law (&#8220;EIT
      Law&#8221;) which became effective on January 1
 2008. The
      EIT Law applies a uniform 25% enterprise income tax rate to
      both foreign invested enterprises and domestic enterprises.
      The EIT Law provides a five-year transition period from its
      effective date for those enterprises which were established
      before the promulgation date of the EIT Law and which were
      entitled to a preferential tax treatment such as a reduced
      tax rate or a tax holiday. On December 26
 2007
 the PRC
      State Council issued the Notice of the State Council
      Concerning Implementation of Transitional Rules for
      Enterprise Income Tax Incentives (&#8220;Circular 39&#8221;).
      Based on Circular 39
 certain specifically listed categories
      of enterprises which enjoyed a preferential tax rate are
      eligible for a graduated rate increase to 25% over the 5-year
      period beginning from January 1
 2008.
    
      Pursuant the former PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law
 a
      manufacturing enterprise that had operated for at least 10
      years was eligible to receive certain preferential tax
      treatments. Moreover
 a foreign invested manufacturing
      enterprise (&#8220;FIME&#8221;)
 starting from its first
      profitable calendar year after offset of accumulated tax
      losses
 was entitled to a two-year exemption from enterprise
      income tax followed by a three year 50% reduction in its
      enterprise income tax rate.
    
      Under the current tax regime in China
 foreign invested
      enterprises established prior to the promulgation of the EIT
      Law have been offered a transitional policy and a
      grand-fathering of certain preferential tax treatments. Thus
      an enterprise that is entitled to preferential treatment in
      the form of enterprise income tax reduction or exemption
      prior to January 1
 2008 would continue to enjoy such
      preferential treatment until the expiration of the period.
    
      Since Gannan Feihe
 Shanxi Feihe and Langfang Feihe are
      considered FIMEs established prior to the promulgation of the
      EIT law
 they have enjoyed 100% tax holidays&#160;for 2008
      and 2009 and 50% tax holidays&#160;for 2010
 2011 and 2012.
      All other PRC subsidiaries are subject to the statutory tax
      rate of 25% in 2010
 2011 and 2012.
    
      The tax subsidies granted by the local government for the
      Company&#8217;s PRC subsidiaries may be modified or
      challenged by the central government or the tax authority.
      The Company may lose or receive a significantly lesser amount
      of the tax subsidy from the local government
 which would
      adversely affect the financial statements.
    
      Undistributed earnings of the Company&#8217;s PRC
      subsidiaries amounted to approximately $164 million as of
      December 31
 2012. Those earnings are considered to be
      permanently reinvested and accordingly
 no deferred tax
      expense is recorded for U.S. federal and state income tax or
      applicable withholding taxes. The PRC tax authorities have
      clarified that dividend distributions made out of pre-January
      1
 2008 retained earnings will not be subject to withholding
      taxes.
    
      Uncertainties exist with respect to how the current income
      tax law in the PRC applies to the Group&#8217;s overall
      operations
 and more specifically with regard to tax
      residency status. The EIT Law includes a provision specifying
      that legal entities organized outside of the PRC will be
      considered residents for Chinese income tax purposes if the
      place of effective management or control is within the PRC.
      The implementation rules to the EIT Law provide that
      non-resident legal entities will be considered China
      residents if substantial and overall management and control
      over the manufacturing and business operations
 personnel
      accounting
 properties
 and related matters occurs within the
      PRC. If the PRC tax authorities subsequently determine that
      the Company and its subsidiaries registered outside the PRC
      should be deemed a resident enterprise
 the Company and its
      subsidiaries registered outside the PRC will be subject to
      the PRC income tax at a rate of 25%. As of the balance sheet
      date
 the determination on tax residency of status of the
      Company is unclear because of the limited guidance issued by
      the PRC tax authorities. However
 the Company believes that
      no material tax liability will occur for respective tax years
      if the Company is considered to be a PRC tax resident by the
      PRC tax authorities.
    
      The Company records interest and penalties related to
      unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense.&#160; The
      Company had cumulatively accrued approximately $1.9 million
      $1.9 million
 and $1.6 million for estimated interest and
      penalties related to uncertain tax positions as of December
      31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively.&#160; For the years
      ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 the Company recorded
      estimated interest and penalties of approximately $0.04
      million
 $0.2 million and $0.6 million
 respectively.
    
      A reconciliation of January 1
 2010 through December 31
 2012
      amount of unrecognized tax benefits and interest and
      penalties is as follows:
    


          &#160;


          &#160;


          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          Surcharge


          &#160;


          &#160;


          Net UTB


          &#160;




          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;




          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;




          Balance as of January 1
 2010


          &#160;


          &#160;


          3
687
082


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          1
060
001


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          4
747
083


          &#160;




          Increase in surcharge in current year


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          574
843


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          574
843


          &#160;




          Decrease in unrecognized tax benefits taken in current
          year


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (259
590


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (259
590


          )




          Balance as of December 31
 2010


          &#160;


          &#160;


          3
427
492


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          1
634
844


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          5
062
336


          &#160;




          Increase in surcharge in current year


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          221
238


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          221
238


          &#160;




          Increase in unrecognized tax benefits taken in current
          year


          &#160;


          &#160;


          9
523
194


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          9
523
194


          &#160;




          Balance as of December 31
 2011


          &#160;


          &#160;


          12
950
686


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          1
856
082


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          14
806
768


          &#160;




          Increase in surcharge in current year


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          40
973


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          40
973


          &#160;




          Decrease in unrecognized tax benefits taken in current
          year


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (2
821
178


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (2
821
178


          )




          Balance as of December 31
 2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          10
129
508


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          1
897
055


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          12
026
563


          &#160;


    
      The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to taxation in
      the U.S. and the PRC. Our U.S. federal and state income tax
      returns are generally not subject to examination by the tax
      authorities for tax years before 2007. With a few exceptions
      the tax years 2007-2012 remain open to examination by tax
      authorities in the PRC.
    




        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
 -Paragraph 136
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 43
 44
 45
 46
 47
 48
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
      
    
      Goodwill represented the excess of the purchase price over
      the estimated fair value of the net tangible and identifiable
      intangible assets acquired from the Shanxi
      Feihe&#160;minority interest acquisition in 2006 and from the
      Longjiang Feihe acquisition in 2009. Such amounts are not tax
      deductible.
    
      The Company has performed step 1 and step 2 of the goodwill
      impairment test relating to goodwill arising from its
      acquisition of Shanxi Feihe&#8217;s minority interest and
      Longjiang Feihe and determined that the carrying value of the
      reporting unit exceeded the fair value of the reporting unit.
      The Company recorded a goodwill impairment loss for the
      continuing operations of $nil
 $555
387 and $1
437
005 for
      the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
      respectively. All goodwill was fully impaired as of December
      31
 2011.
    




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
      
    
      On October 28
 2011
 the Company entered into an asset
      purchase agreement with a PRC individual
 Mao Haifeng
 to
      sell all of the property
 plant and equipment and the prepaid
      leases at Baiquan district with carrying values of $2.1
      million and $154
000
 respectively. The asset sale was not
      yet completed as of December 31
 2012 as certain conditions
      precedent to the sale were not met. The buyer has extended
      the right to terminate the asset purchase agreement with the
      Company if the precedent conditions are not met from May 31
      2012 to the end of July 2013. Management of the Company
      expects that the asset sale will be completed in July 2013.
      The assets underlying this agreement were recognized as
      assets held for sale. At December 31
 2012
 assets held for
      sale was $2
408
770.
    




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        

996
885

895
512






        
        


        

537
629

417
518






        
        


        

256

608






        
        


        
        

514



          

        
        


        
        

872




        
          

        
          
            

 at the balance sheet date
 of long-lived assets under construction that include construction costs to date on capital projects that have not been completed and assets being constructed that are not ready to be placed into service.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

9. Notes Receivable
 Net

        

      






Loans
 Notes
 Trade and Other Receivables Disclosure [Text Block]
        

 NET
    
      The trade receivables amount included in the consolidated
      balance sheets as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 were as
      follows:
    


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2011


          &#160;




          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;




          Trade receivables


          &#160;


          &#160;


          25
990
342


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          41
501
502


          &#160;




          Less: Allowance for doubtful accounts


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (1
454
741


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (810
864


          )




          Trade receivables
 net


          &#160;


          &#160;


          24
535
601


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          40
690
638


          &#160;


    
      The movement of the allowance for doubtful notes and trade
      receivables during the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
      was as follows:
    


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2011


          &#160;




          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;




          Balance as of January 1


          &#160;


          &#160;


          4
160
920


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          4
584
336


          &#160;




          Add: Current year additions


          &#160;


          &#160;


          1
239
920


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          571
872


          &#160;




          Less: Current year reductions of provision


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (603
852


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (1
041
468


          )




          Foreign exchange adjustment


          &#160;


          &#160;


          7
809


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          46
180


          &#160;




          Balance as of December 31


          &#160;


          &#160;


          4
804
797


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          4
160
920


          &#160;


    



          

        


Loans
 Notes
 Trade and Other Receivables Disclosure [Text Block]
        

 NET
    
      The notes receivable
 net included in the consolidated
      balance sheets as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 were as
      follows:
    


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2011


          &#160;




          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;




          Promissory note
 bearing interest at 8%
 due on June 27
          2009 (See Note 4(3))


          &#160;


          &#160;


          3
350
056


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          3
350
056


          &#160;




          Less: Allowance for doubtful notes receivable


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (3
350
056


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (3
350
056


          )




          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


    



          

        


Loans
 Notes
 Trade and Other Receivables Disclosure [Text Block]
        
      
    
      Other receivables as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 consisted
      of the following:
    


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2011


          &#160;




          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;




          Advance to Jinlin Alfbeta Dairy Co. Ltd.


          &#160;


          &#160;


          12
519
662


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;




          Advance to Heilongjiang Feihe Yuanshengtai Co.
 Ltd. (ii)


          &#160;


          &#160;


          8
256
920


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          8
947
808


          &#160;




          Advance to Haerbin City Ruixinda Investment Company Ltd
          (See Note 7) (iii)


          &#160;


          &#160;


          3
181
279


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;




          Advances to third parties (iv)


          &#160;


          &#160;


          5
906
580


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          3
922
846


          &#160;




          Advances to employees


          &#160;


          &#160;


          230
107


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          470
475


          &#160;




          Others


          &#160;


          &#160;


          378
887


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          401
496


          &#160;




          Total other receivables


          &#160;


          &#160;


          30
473
435


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          13
742
625


          &#160;


    


          



          this supplier is unsecured and non-interest bearing. $8
          million of the advance is repayable by March 15
 2013 and
          the remaining balance is repayable in July 2013. In
          March
 2013
 the supplier paid $8 million to the



    


          



          Yuanshengtai Co.
 Ltd. (&#8220;Yuanshengtai&#8221;) was
          partially owned by two officers and directors of the
          Company
 Mr. Leng You-Bin and Mr. Liu Sheng-Hui
 before
          January 2010. Those shares held by Mr. Leng You-Bin and
          Mr. Liu Sheng-Hui have been transferred to unrelated
          third parties who held no ownership interests in
          Yuanshengtai in January 2010. As of December 31
 2012
          Ruixinda (See Note 7) held a 99% equity interest in
          Yuanshengtai. The balances are payments made by the Group
          on behalf of Yuanshengtai to purchase biological assets
          and property
 plant and equipment. The balances are
          unsecured and non-interest bearing. Pursuant to an
          agreement signed on 31 December 2012
 Yuanshengtai agreed
          to repay the amount in full by December 31





          



          is unsecured and non-interest bearing. Pursuant to an
          agreement signed on 31 December 2012
 Ruixinda agreed to
          repay the amount in full by July 31





          



          are unsecured
 non-interest bearing and repayable within



    
      Consideration receivable from disposal of Dairy Farms (See
      Note 7) as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 consisted of the
      following:
    


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2011


          &#160;




          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;




          Current


          &#160;


          &#160;


          78
274
528


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          79
337
423


          &#160;




          Non-current


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          19
450
201


          &#160;




          Consideration receivable


          &#160;


          &#160;


          78
274
528


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          98
787
624


          &#160;


    
      On December 31
 2012
 the Company entered into a supplemental
      agreement to rearrange the repayment schedule
 pursuant to
      which the Purchaser has agreed to repay RMB 200 million
      (approximately $32.1 million) in April 2013 and that the
      residual amount of purchase price would be paid by raw milk
      in the following three quarters from March 2013 to December
      2013. If the total value of raw milk supplied is less than
      the residual purchase price
 the Purchaser has agreed to pay
      the shortfall to the Company in cash. 
    




        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financing receivables. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 trade accounts receivables
 notes receivables
 loans receivables. Includes disclosure for allowance for credit losses.
              
 -Paragraph 3
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        

062
969

010
427

722)


        

062
969

010
427

722)




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -Paragraph 45
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 15
 16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














Description of Lessee Leasing Arrangements
 Operating Leases

 2012
 2011 and 2010 amounted to $399
800
 $420
025 and $473
381
 respectively.
        
        


Operating Leases
 Rent Expense (in Dollars)

800

025

381


Purchase Commitment
 Description

 plant and equipment were $7
216
850 as of December 31
 2012.
        
        


        

216
850
        
        


Long-term Purchase Commitment
 Description

681
731 over four years relating to packaging materials in connection with the capital lease obligation disclosed in Note 26.
        
        


Purchase Commitment
 Remaining Minimum Amount Committed (in Dollars)

681
731
        
        


Long-term Purchase Commitment
 Time Period
        
        
        


Land Use Rights
 Description [Text Block]
        
        
        


Other Assets
 Description [Text Block]
        
        
        


Going Private
 Description [Text Block]

 the Company's Board of Directors received a preliminary
 non-binding proposal from Mr. Leng You-Bin
 its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 and an affiliate of Morgan Stanley Private Equity Asia
 Inc. (MSPEA)
 the private equity arm of Morgan Stanley
 to acquire all of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company not currently owned by Mr. LengYou-Bin
 MSPEA and their respective affiliates in a going private transaction for $7.40 per share in cash
 subject to certain conditions (the Going Private Proposal). The Going Private Proposal contemplated that Mr. Leng You-Bin and MSPEA would form an acquisition vehicle for the purpose of completing the acquisition
 to be financed through a combination of debt and equity capital. The Company's Board of Directors formed a Special Committee of independent directors (the Special Committee) to consider the Going Private Proposal which retained a financial advisor and legal counsel to assist it in this process.
        
        


Litigation
 Description [Text Block]

 the Company's Board of Directors received a preliminary
 non-binding proposal from Mr. Leng You-Bin
 its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 and an affiliate of Morgan Stanley Private Equity Asia
 Inc. (MSPEA)
 the private equity arm of Morgan Stanley
 to acquire all of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company not currently owned by Mr. LengYou-Bin
 MSPEA and their respective affiliates in a going private transaction for $7.40 per share in cash
 subject to certain conditions (the Going Private Proposal). The Going Private Proposal contemplated that Mr. Leng You-Bin and MSPEA would form an acquisition vehicle for the purpose of completing the acquisition
 to be financed through a combination of debt and equity capital. The Company's Board of Directors formed a Special Committee of independent directors (the Special Committee) to consider the Going Private Proposal which retained a financial advisor and legal counsel to assist it in this process. In October 2012
 certain alleged shareholders of the Company filed putative class and derivative actions on behalf of the Company against the members of its Board of Directors and certain entities associated with MSPEA. Three cases were brought in the Third Judicial District Court for Salt Lake County
 Utah
 which have been deemed related and are pending consolidation under the caption In re Feihe International Shareholder Litigation . Three cases were brought in the Superior Court of the State of California for Los Angeles County
 which have been deemed related and are pending consolidation under the caption In re Feihe International
 Inc. Shareholder Litigation . The plaintiffs in both the Utah and California cases have alleged breach of fiduciary duties and aiding and abetting in connection with the Going Private Proposal. The plaintiffs in both the Utah and California cases have requested rescission of the Going Private Proposal
 to the extent implemented
 an award of unspecified damages to the Company
 certain other equitable and injunctive relief
 and an award of plaintiffs' costs and disbursements
 including legal fees. Although the Company is unable to predict the final outcome of these proceedings
 the Company does not believe that the final results will have a material effect on its consolidated financial condition
 results or operations
 or cash flows.
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to: (1) rental escalation clauses; (2) renewal or purchase options; (3) guarantees or indemnities
 if any
 (4)  restrictions imposed by lease arrangements; (5) unusual provisions or conditions; (6) contingent rentals
 if any; and (7) lease expiration dates.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 cost of goods sold or other operating costs and expenses.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer
 which may include identification of the goods or services to be purchased
 pricing
 effects on pricing of failing to reach minimum quantities required to be purchased
 cancellation rights
 and termination provisions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 description of arrangements in which the entity has agreed to expend funds to procure goods or services from one or more suppliers
 which may include identification of the goods or services to be purchased
 identity of the seller
 pricing
 effects on pricing (such as penalties) of failing to reach minimum quantities required to be purchased
 cancellation rights
 and termination provisions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 other than under a long-term purchase commitment or an unconditional purchase obligation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Disclosure [Text Block]
        
      
    
      Kedong Farm and Gannan Farm were formed in July 2007 to
      operate the Dairy Farms of the Company. On August 1
 2011
      the Company entered into an Equity Purchase Agreement (as
      amended
 the &#8220;Agreement&#8221;) with Haerbin City
      Ruixinda Investment Company Ltd. (&#8220;Ruixinda&#8221; or
      the &#8220;Purchaser&#8221;). Pursuant to the Agreement
 the
      Company and Jinyan Ma (the noncontrolling interest holder of
      the Dairy Farms) agreed to sell to the Purchaser all of the
      equity interests of the Dairy Farms for an aggregate purchase
      price of RMB849 million (approximately $133.1 million)
      including RMB114.5 million (approximately $18.0 million) in
      cash and RMB734.5 million (approximately $115.1 million) in
      deferred payment. The Company has the right to call for raw
      milk at RMB122.4 million (approximately $19.2 million) each
      quarter in the following 18 months after September 30
 2011
      to settle the deferred payment. If the value of the raw milk
      provided by the Dairy Farms each quarter is less than
      RMB122.4 million
 the shortfall of the amount will be settled
      in cash. During 2011
 the Company received a cash payment of
      $30.7 million from the Purchaser of Dairy Farms and raw milk
      valued at $4.99 million. During 2012
 the Company received a
      cash payment of $10.2 million from the Purchaser of Dairy
      Farms and raw milk valued at $10.9 million.&#160;
    
      The Company entered into an asset mortgage agreement with the
      Dairy Farms
 pursuant to which the Dairy Farms granted to the
      Company a primary security interest in certain properties and
      assets of the Dairy Farms to secure the obligations of the
      Dairy Farms under the Agreement.
    
      On December 31
 2012
 the Company entered into a supplemental
      agreement to rearrange the repayment schedule (See Note 13).
    
      The following table presents the components of discontinued
      operations in relation to the Dairy Farms reported in the
      consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income:
    


          &#160;


          &#160;


          For&#160;the&#160;years&#160;ended&#160;December&#160;31


          &#160;




          &#160;


          &#160;


          2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2011


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2010


          &#160;




          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;




          Sales from external customers


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          34
960
409


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          1
261
472


          &#160;




          Intersegment sales


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          9
938
301


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          27
151
876


          &#160;




          Income (loss) from operations


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2
613
122


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (6
499
869


          )




          Loss on sale of subsidiaries


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (8
318
350


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;




          Net loss from discontinued operations


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (5
705
228


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (6
499
869


          )


    




        
          

        
          
            

 manner and timing of disposal
 the gain (loss) recognized in the income statement and the income statement caption that includes that gain (loss)
 amounts of revenues and pretax profit or loss reported in discontinued operations
 the segment in which the disposal group was reported
 and the classification (whether sold or classified as held for sale) and carrying value of the assets and liabilities comprising the disposal group. Includes all disposal groups
 including those classified as components of the entity (discontinued operations).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
      
    
      Restricted cash consists of bank demand deposits for letters
      of credit and bank loans (See Note 20). The letters of credit
      were mainly used by the Group for the purchase of whey
      powder.
    




        
          

        
          
            

 generally by contractual agreements or regulatory requirements. This would include
 but not limited to
 a description of the restricted assets and the terms of the restriction.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
      
    
      Advances to suppliers consist primarily of advances for
      inventories
 equipment and properties
 not delivered at the
      balance sheet dates. The Company utilizes advances to
      suppliers in an effort to keep future purchasing prices
      stable and consistent.&#160;
    
      Advanced amounts are refundable if the transaction is not
      completed by the other party in accordance with the terms of
      the contract or agreement. During the years ended December
      31
 2012 and 2011
 no advances to suppliers were refunded in
      cash
 and the Group has a minimal repayment history.
    
      As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 24% and 54% of advances
      respectively
 was due from one supplier.
    




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

5. Income Taxes (Detail) - Table of Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Interest
 and Penalties (USD $)

        
        

      


















        

026
563

806
768
        
        


        

780
205)

515
443

596
        



          

        
        
        
        


        

129
508

950
686

427
492

687
082


        

821
178)

523
194

590)
        



          

        
        
        
        


        

897
055

856
082

634
844

060
001


        

973

238

843
        



          

        
        
        
        


        

026
563

806
768

062
336

747
083


        

973

238

843
        


        

821
178)

523
194

590)
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in its tax return
 that does not meet the minimum statutory threshold to avoid payment of penalties.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

18. Other Intangible Assets
 Net (Detail) (USD $)

        

      














        
        

256

798


Finite-Lived Intangible Asset
 Useful Life
        
        
        


Impairment of Intangible Assets
 Finite-lived
        

023
        



          

        
        
        


        
        

524

166




        
          

        
          
            

 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        

162
301

504
572

084
002)


Net Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operations
 Net of Tax
        

705
228)

499
869)


Net income (loss) attributable to Feihe International
 Inc. shareholders

162
301

918)

670
493)


        
        

033
738
        


        
        
        

086
622)


Net income (loss) attributable to Feihe International
 Inc. shareholders

162
301

918)

670
493)


        

756
559

688
551

647
844


Net Income (Loss) per Share
 Continuing Operations
 Basic (in Dollars per share)
        
        
        


Net Income (Loss) per Share
 Discontinued Operations
 Basic (in Dollars per share)
        
        
        


Net Income (Loss) per Share
 Basic (in Dollars per share)
        
        
        


Net Income (Loss) per Share
 Continuing Operations
 Diluted (in Dollars per share)
        
        
        


Net Income (Loss) per Share
 Discontinued Operations
 Diluted (in Dollars per share)
        
        
        


Net Income (Loss) per Share
 Diluted (in Dollars per share)
        
        
        


        

756
559

688
551

647
844






        
        
        


        

781
743

067
060

973
681)


Net Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operations
 Net of Tax
        

163
449)

439
224)


Net income (loss) attributable to Feihe International
 Inc. shareholders

781
743

389)

412
905)






        
        
        


        

781
743

067
060

973
681)


Net Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operations
 Net of Tax
        

163
449)

439
224)


Net income (loss) attributable to Feihe International
 Inc. shareholders

781
743

389)

412
905)



          

        
        
        


        

756
559

688
551

647
844


Net Income (Loss) per Share
 Continuing Operations
 Basic (in Dollars per share)
        
        
        


Net Income (Loss) per Share
 Discontinued Operations
 Basic (in Dollars per share)
        
        
        


Net Income (Loss) per Share
 Basic (in Dollars per share)
        
        
        


Net Income (Loss) per Share
 Continuing Operations
 Diluted (in Dollars per share)
        
        
        


Net Income (Loss) per Share
 Discontinued Operations
 Diluted (in Dollars per share)
        
        
        


Net Income (Loss) per Share
 Diluted (in Dollars per share)
        
        
        


        

756
559

688
551

647
844






        
        
        


        

558

250

728


Net Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operations
 Net of Tax
        

779)

694)


Net income (loss) attributable to Feihe International
 Inc. shareholders

558

529)

966)






        
        
        


        

558

250

728


Net Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operations
 Net of Tax
        

779)

694)


Net income (loss) attributable to Feihe International
 Inc. shareholders

558

529)

966)



          

        
        
        


        

380

065
839

625
000


Net Income (Loss) per Share
 Continuing Operations
 Basic (in Dollars per share)
        
        
        


Net Income (Loss) per Share
 Discontinued Operations
 Basic (in Dollars per share)
        
        
        


Net Income (Loss) per Share
 Basic (in Dollars per share)
        
        
        


Net Income (Loss) per Share
 Continuing Operations
 Diluted (in Dollars per share)
        
        
        


Net Income (Loss) per Share
 Discontinued Operations
 Diluted (in Dollars per share)
        
        
        


Net Income (Loss) per Share
 Diluted (in Dollars per share)
        
        
        


        

380

065
839

625
000



          

        
        
        


Net income (loss) attributable to Feihe International
 Inc. shareholders

162
301

200
656)

583
871)




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 36
 37
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 11
 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 36
 37
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 11
 12
 36
 37
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income tax
 reported as a separate component of income before extraordinary items after deduction or consideration of the amount allocable to noncontrolling interests. Includes
 net of tax
 income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 provision (or any reversals of earlier provisions) for loss on disposal
 and adjustments of a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of related tax effect
 per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 9
 10
 36
 37
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 options or warrants were exercised
 or that other shares were issued upon the satisfaction of certain conditions.
              
 -Paragraph 11
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 preferred shareholders and noncontrolling interests.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer) from the issuance date
 or upon an event that is certain to occur beyond one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer) from the issuance date.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        

861
596
        

842
755
        


        

861
596)
        

842
755)
        


        

276
        

213
        



          

        
        
        
        


        

833
542
        

814
985
        



          

        
        
        
        


        

054
        

770
        



          

        
        
        
        


        

804
        

593
        



          

        
        
        
        


        

804
        

593
        

      
        

      



              
              







        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 amounts due from related parties including affiliates
 employees
 joint ventures
 officers and stockholders
 immediate families thereof
 and pension funds.
              
 -Paragraph 16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.15(3)
 -Subparagraph 3
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        

278
078

071
000


        
        

873
346


        

513

799


        

620
032

518
199


        

194
434)

518
199)


Current deferred tax assets
 net:

425
598
        


        

727
521

339
245


        

079
633)

441
652)


Non-current deferred tax assets
 net:

647
888

897
593


        
        
        


        

246)

892)


Non-current deferred tax assets
 net:

568
642

805
701


Total deferred tax assets
 net

994
240

805
701



          

        
        


        

896
232

199


        

723
800

360
000



          

        
        


        

930

100




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
 -Paragraph 41
 42
 43
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -Paragraph 41
 42
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
 -Paragraph 41
 42
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 43
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant
 and equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -Paragraph 41
 42
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
 -Paragraph 41
 42
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards net of valuation allowances expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
 -Paragraph 41
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        

 including medical care
 welfare subsidies
 unemployment insurance and pension benefits. These companies are required to accrue for these benefits based on certain percentages of the employees' income in accordance with the relevant regulations
 and to make contributions to the state-sponsored pension and medical plans out of the amounts accrued for medical and pension benefits. The total amounts charged to the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income for such employee benefits related to the Company's continued operations amounted to approximately $4
755
312
 $6
920
945 and $4
990
686 for the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively. Employee benefits related to the Company's discontinued operations totaled nil
 $128
330 and $231
798 for the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively
 and are included in income from discontinued operation
 net of taxes
 in the accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. The PRC government is responsible for the medical benefits and ultimate pension liability to these employees.
        
        


        

 2007
 the Company established theFeihe International
 Inc. 401(k)Profit Sharing Plan and Trust (the Plan). The Plan is a discretionary defined contribution plan and covers substantially all employees who have attained the age of 21
 have completed at least six months of service
 and have worked a minimum of 1
000 hours in the past Plan or anniversary year. Under provisions of the Plan
 the Company
 for any plan year
 has contributed an amount equal to 100% of the participant's contribution or 5% of the participant's eligible compensation
 whichever is less. The Company may
 at its own discretion
 make additional matching contributions to participants.
        
        


Defined Contribution Plan
 Cost Recognized

581

815

704






        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Contributions by Employer

755
312

920
945

990
686






        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Contributions by Employer
        

330

798




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 provides an individual account for each participant
 and has terms that specify how contributions to the individual's account are to be determined rather than the amount of benefits the individual is to receive. Under a defined contribution pension plan
 the benefits a participant will receive depend solely on the amount contributed to the participant's account
 the returns earned on investments of those contributions
 and forfeitures of other participants' benefits that may be allocated to such participant's account. A description of the plan(s) including employee groups covered
 the basis for determining contributions
 and the nature and effects of significant matters affecting comparability of information for all periods presented.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 their beneficiaries
 and covered dependents after employment but before retirement
 except for: a) benefits provided through a pension or postretirement benefit plan
 b) individual deferred compensation arrangements
 c) termination benefits pertaining to exit or disposal activities
 and d) stock compensation plans. Benefits may be provided in cash or in kind and may be paid as a result of disability
 layoff
 death
 or other event.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
      
    
      
    
      The Group has entered into leasing arrangements relating to
      office premises and computer equipment that are classified as
      operating leases. There were no minimum future rental
      payments under non-cancellable operating leases having
      remaining terms in excess of one year.
    
      Rent expenses incurred and expensed to consolidated
      statements of income and comprehensive income during the
      years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010 amounted to
      $399
800
 $420
025 and $473
381
 respectively.
    
      
    
      Capital commitments for purchase of property
 plant and
      equipment were $7
216
850 as of December 31
 2012.
    
      
    
      The Group has certain purchase commitments of $4
681
731 over
      four years relating to packaging materials in connection with
      the capital lease obligation disclosed in Note 26.
    
      
    
      All lands in the PRC are state-owned and no individual land
      ownership rights exist. The Group has obtained land use right
      certificates for the land on which its facilities are
      located.
    
      
    
      Substantially all of the Group&#8217;s assets and operations
      are located in the PRC. The Company is self-insured for all
      risks.
    

      litigation
    
      In October 2012
 the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors
      received a preliminary
 non-binding proposal from Mr. Leng
      You-Bin
 its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 and an
      affiliate of Morgan Stanley Private Equity Asia
 Inc.
      (&#8220;MSPEA&#8221;)
 the private equity arm of Morgan
      Stanley
 to acquire all of the outstanding shares of common
      stock of the Company not currently owned by Mr. LengYou-Bin
      MSPEA and their respective affiliates in a going private
      transaction for $7.40 per share in cash
 subject to certain
      conditions (the &#8220;Going Private Proposal&#8221;). The
      Going Private Proposal contemplated that Mr. Leng You-Bin and
      MSPEA would form an acquisition vehicle for the purpose of
      completing the acquisition
 to be financed through a
      combination of debt and equity capital. The Company&#8217;s
      Board of Directors formed a Special Committee of independent
      directors (the &#8220;Special Committee&#8221;) to consider
      the Going Private Proposal which retained a financial advisor
      and legal counsel to assist it in this process.
    
      In October 2012
 certain alleged shareholders of the Company
      filed putative class and derivative actions on behalf of the
      Company against the members of its Board of Directors and
      certain entities associated with MSPEA. Three cases were
      brought in the Third Judicial District Court for Salt Lake
      County
 Utah
 which have been deemed related and are pending

      Shareholder Litigation
      Superior Court of the State of California for Los Angeles
      County
 which have been deemed related and are pending

      Inc. Shareholder Litigation
      Utah and California cases have alleged breach of fiduciary
      duties and aiding and abetting in connection with the Going
      Private Proposal. The plaintiffs in both the Utah and
      California cases have requested rescission of the Going
      Private Proposal
 to the extent implemented
 an award of
      unspecified damages to the Company
 certain other equitable
      and injunctive relief
 and an award of plaintiffs&#8217;
      costs and disbursements
 including legal fees. Although the
      Company is unable to predict the final outcome of these
      proceedings
 the Company does not believe that the final
      results will have a material effect on its consolidated
      financial condition
 results or operations
 or cash flows.
    




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 9
 10
 11
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


          &#160;


          &#160;


          Future payments


          &#160;




          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;




          2013


          &#160;


          &#160;


          160
508


          &#160;




          2014


          &#160;


          &#160;


          160
508


          &#160;




          2015


          &#160;


          &#160;


          160
509


          &#160;




          Total minimum lease payments as of December 31
 2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          481
525


          &#160;




          Less amount representing interest


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (46
947


          )




          Net present value of minimum lease payments


          &#160;


          &#160;


          434
578


          &#160;




          Current portion of capital lease obligation


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (137
722


          )




          Non-current portion of capital lease obligation


          &#160;


          &#160;


          296
856


          &#160;


    




        
          

        
          
            

 in aggregate and for each of the five years succeeding fiscal years
 with separate deductions from the total for the amount representing executor costs
 including any profit thereon
 included in the minimum lease payments and for the amount of the imputed interest necessary to reduce the net minimum lease payments to present value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
      
    
      The construction projects in progress as of December 31
 2012
      and 2011 were as follows:
    


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2011


          &#160;




          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;




          Gannan Feihe production factory facilities


          &#160;


          &#160;


          17
537
629


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          14
417
518


          &#160;




          Feihe Soybean processing facilities


          &#160;


          &#160;


          459
256


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          454
608


          &#160;




          Langfang Feihe production factory facilities


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          1
514


          &#160;




          Others


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          21
872


          &#160;




          Total


          &#160;


          &#160;


          17
996
885


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          14
895
512


          &#160;


    
      $525
981
 nil and $861
606 of interest expense was
      capitalized in construction in progress for the years ended
      December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively.
    




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        

186
510

074
354)

895
255)


        
        
        
        


        

364
004

742
646

599
646


        
        
        
        


        

414
961)

563
618)

805


        

566
494

222
028

440
981


Increase in accrued expenses
 other payable and income taxes payable

025
737

127

918
210)


        

780
205)

515
443

596


        

695
203

147
217

544
897


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

000


        
        
        

602
970


        

156
076)

742
115)

607
771


Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year

353
882

183
493
        


Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year

425
310

353
882

183
493



          

        
        
        


        

162
301

927
798)

583
871)


        
        
        
        


        

651
139)

559)

440
602


        

364
004

742
646

599
646


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

716


(Increase) decrease in other receivable
 prepayments and other assets
        

556)

137


        

163)

075)

374)


Increase in accrued expenses
 other payable and income taxes payable

682
        

115


        
        
        

412


        

963
400
        
        


        

000)

000
        


        

463

480
768

254
144)


        

380
218

577)

761)


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

000


        

852
951

369
627
        


        

696
658)

383
322)
        


        

843
707)

305

000


        

489)

728

761)


Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year

340

612

373


Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year

851

340

612




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 under the control of
 or within the same control group as the reporting entity by means of direct or indirect ownership.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entity's management
 an entity and its principal owners
 management
 member of their immediate families
 affiliates
 or other parties with the ability to exert significant influence.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 allowances and loans (generally evidenced by promissory notes).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 under the control of
 or within the same control group as the reporting entity by means of direct or indirect ownership.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which represents the amount due from tax authorities for refunds of overpayments or recoveries of income taxes paid.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 other noncurrent assets
 or a combination of other current and noncurrent assets.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including those of discontinued operations
 of the reporting entity. Operating activities generally involve producing and delivering goods and providing services. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value that are not defined as investing or financing activities. While for technical reasons this element has no balance attribute
 the default assumption is a debit balance consistent with its label.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which the entity may have realized and reported separately.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
      
    
      Advances from employees represent temporary funding by
      employees to improve cash flow and working capital of the
      Company. The advances were unsecured
 interest free and
      repayable within one year.
    




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        

240
345

616
375


        
        

943
726






        
        


Loan Payableto a bank in PRC
 Long-Term

571
314

535
169



          

        
        


Loan Payableto a bank in PRC
 Long-Term

004
497

889
165


        

004
497)

945
439)


        
        

943
726






        
        


Loan Payableto a bank in PRC
 Long-Term

433
183

353
996




        
          

        
          
            

 carrying value as of the balance sheet date of loans from a bank with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle if longer.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding current portion.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2011


          &#160;




          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;




          Accrued promotion and marketing expenses


          &#160;


          &#160;


          12
153
755


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          5
806
444


          &#160;




          Accrued shipping cost


          &#160;


          &#160;


          645
512


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          327
280


          &#160;




          Accrued advertising expenses


          &#160;


          &#160;


          535
697


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          33
366


          &#160;




          Other accrued expenses


          &#160;


          &#160;


          858
261


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          776
280


          &#160;




          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          14
193
225


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          6
943
370


          &#160;


    


        
        


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2011


          &#160;




          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;




          Payable for property
 plant and equipment


          &#160;


          &#160;


          12
784
034


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          18
865
860


          &#160;




          Other tax payable


          &#160;


          &#160;


          12
025
311


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          9
578
354


          &#160;




          Deposits from distributors


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2
973
046


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2
475
810


          &#160;




          Payable to unrelated parties
 due on demand


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2
470
064


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          442
600


          &#160;




          Payable for land use rights


          &#160;


          &#160;


          260
978


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          137
933


          &#160;




          Deposit received from milk collection stations


          &#160;


          &#160;


          538
042


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          544
889


          &#160;




          Advances from employees


          &#160;


          &#160;


          532
795


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          1
113
105


          &#160;




          Payable to local County Finance Department (i)


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          1
180
954


          &#160;




          Others (ii)


          &#160;


          &#160;


          7
099
462


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          5
221
883


          &#160;




          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          38
683
732


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          39
561
388


          &#160;


    




        
          

        
          
            

 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer). An alternative caption includes accrued expenses.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      










































 2010

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2009

          



 2003

          



Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Description
        
        

 which requires that compensation for services that a corporation receives through share-based compensation plans should be based on the fair value of options on the date of grant. (1) 2009 Stock Incentive Plan On May 7
 2009
 the Company's Board of Directors approved the 2009 Plan
 which was approved by the Company's shareholders at the Company's 2009 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The 2009 Plan permits grants of certain equity incentives
 including incentive stock options
 nonqualified stock options
 restricted stock awards
 performance stock awards and other equity-based compensation
 to certain employees
 directors
 officers
 consultants
 agents
 advisors and independent contractors of the Company and its subsidiaries. The total number of shares of the Company's common stock initially authorized for issuance under the 2009 Plan is 2
000
000 plus any authorized shares that
 as of May 7
 2009
 were available for issuance under the Company's 2003 Stock Incentive Plan. On May 7
 2009
 the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the Compensation Committee) granted an aggregate of 2
073
190 performance stock options to certain officers and employees of the Company under the 2009 Plan. The performance stock options each had an exercise price of $16.86 and a contractual life of 6 years. The performance stock options were to vest in twoequal tranches on the fourth and fifth anniversaries of the date such options were granted
 provided that the recipient had met the performance criteria
 including performance targets for each of the Company's 2009
 2010 and 2011 fiscal years
 and continued to be an employee of
 or service provider to
 the Company or its subsidiaries at the time of the relevant vesting dates. If the performance criteria were not met
 the shares that would otherwise have vested on vesting dates were to be forfeited and cancelled. The performance targets for the years ended December 31
 2009 were not met for any option recipient. Accordingly
 the options granted were to be forfeited and cancelled. In December 2009
 the performance targets were amended in order to limit the amount of options that would otherwise be forfeited and cancelled due to the failure to satisfy the annual performance goals to one-third of stock options granted for each of fiscal year 2009
 2010
 and 2011. The incremental cost or benefit resulting from the modification is measured as the excess of the fair value of the modified award over the fair value of the original award immediately before its terms are modified and the effect on the number of instruments expected to vest. 421 employees were affected by this modification. For 2010 and 2011
 no option recipient met the amended performance targets
 and the options granted were forfeited and cancelled. For 2012 and 2011
 no compensation expenses were recognized. On October 15
 2009
 an option to purchase 50
000 shares was granted to an employee that vests on the 12-month anniversary of the date of grant
 conditioned upon continued employment on such date
 and has an exercise price of $16 and contractual life of 4 years. On October 23
 2009
 the Compensation Committee granted an aggregate of 30
000 new performance stock options to an employee of the Company under the 2009 Plan. The performance stock options had an exercise price of $27.69 and a contractual life of 6 years. The performance options were to vest in two equal tranches on the fourth and fifth anniversaries of the date such options were granted
 provided that the recipient had met performance criteria
 including performance targets for each of the Company's 2009
 2010 and 2011 fiscal years
 and continued to be an employee of
 or service provider to
 the Company or its subsidiaries at the time of the relevant vesting dates. If the performance criteria were not met
 the options that would otherwise have vested on the vesting dates were to be forfeited and cancelled. In June 2012
 the employee terminated his employment with the Company
 and the options granted were forfeited and cancelled. On August 27
 2010
 options to purchase 84
000 shares were granted to directors of the Company for their services provided for the period from August 1
 2010 through July 31
 2011
 that vest in four equal amounts on each three-month anniversary of the grant date until all such shares are fully vested. The options have an exercise price of $7.25 and a contract life of 2 years. The fair value of the option award was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option valuation model to be $164
516. On July 29
 2011
 the Compensation Committee granted performance options to acquire up to an aggregate of 1
332
000 shares of the Company's common stock to certain officers and employees of the Company pursuant to the 2009 Plan. The performance stock options each have an exercise price of $8.32 per share
 a contractual life of 6 years
 and vest in three tranches of 25%
 35% and 40% on each of the three years ended December 31
 2012
 2013 and 2014
 provided that the recipient has met certain performance criteria and the recipient continues to be an employee of
 or service provider to
 the Company or its subsidiaries at the time of the relevant vesting dates. The fair value of the option award was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option valuation model to be $6
643
504
 of which $2
029
404 and $1
220
820 was recorded as compensation cost in the general and administrative expenses during the year ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. The valuation was based on the assumptions noted in the following table. Expected volatility   77 % Expected dividends   0 % Expected term (in years)   5.15  Risk-free rate   2.60 % During the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 there was $2
029
404
 $1
405
116 and $1
710
272 compensation cost related to the 2009 plan recognized in general and administration expenses. (2) 2003 Stock Incentive Plan Effective May 7
 2003
 the Company adopted and approved its 2003 Plan
 which reserved 3
000
000 shares of common stock for issuance under the Plan. The Plan allows the Company to issue awards of incentive non-qualified stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 and stock bonuses to directors
 officers
 employees and consultants of the Company. No stock appreciation rights have been issued under the 2003 Plan. On October 15
 2008
 an option to purchase 80
000 shares was granted to an employee that vests on the 12-month anniversary of the date of grant with an exercise price of $12.00 and a contractual life of 4 years. A summary of option activity under the 2009 Plan and 2003 Plan as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 and movement during the years then ended is as follows:   Options   Weighted average grant date fair value   Weighted average exercise price   Aggregate intrinsic value   Weighted average remaining contractual term (years)       US$   US$   US$     Outstanding as of January 1
 2011   856
245    10.45    15.84    71
190    3.97  Granted   1
332
000    5.22    8.32        6.00  Exercised   -    -    -        -  Forfeited or expired   (742
245 )   11.08    15.75        0.19  Outstanding as of December 31
 2011   1
446
000    5.31    8.66    -    5.25  Granted   -    -    -        -  Exercised   -    -    -        -  Forfeited or expired   (440
000 )   5.36    9.44        -  Outstanding as of December 31
 2012   1
006
000    4.99    8.32    -    4.58  Exercisable as of December 31
 2012   251
500    4.99    8.32    -    4.58  (1) The intrinsic values of options at December 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011 were zero since the per share market values of the Company's common stock of $6.6 and $2.51
 respectively
 were lower than the exercise price per share of the options. A summary of the status of the Company's non-vested options as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 and movements during the two years then ended is as follows:   Options   Weighted average grant date fair value       US$  Non-vested as of January 1
 2011   713
245    10.24  Granted   1
332
000    5.22  Vested   (63
000 )   1.96  Forfeited or expired   (620
245 )   10.66  Non-vested as of December 31
 2011   1
362
000    5.52  Granted   -    -  Vested   (251
500 )   4.99  Forfeited or expired   (356
000 )   6.16  Non-vested as of December 31
 2012   754
500    4.99  As of December 31
 2012
 there was a total of $1
853
988 of unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested share-based compensation granted under the 2009 Plans. The cost is expected to be recognized over 24 months. To the extent the actual forfeiture rate is different from the original estimate
 actual share-based compensation cost related to these awards may be different from the expectation.
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

 the Company issued a total of 63
915 shares of common stock at a market value of $985
374 for services provided by employees. In 2011
 the Company issued a total of 43
000 shares of common stock at a market value of $337
530 to its directors for services rendered to the Company as members of the Board for the period from August 1
 2010 through July 31
 2011. On May 24
 2012
 the Company issued a total of 70
000 shares of common stock to its directors and employees
 of which a total of 10
000 shares were compensation for services rendered to the Company for the year 2011
 and the remaining 60
000 shares were compensation for services rendered for the year 2012. Compensation cost for the 70
000 shares of common stock was recorded by the Company based on the fair value (i.e.
 the market price of its shares) on the date of grant of $334
600.
        
        
        
        


Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 Issued for Services
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        

000

915
        
        
        
        
        


Stock Issued During Period
 Value
 Issued for Services (in Dollars)
        
        
        

600
        
        
        
        

530

374
        
        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Number of Shares Authorized
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Grants in Period
 Gross

000

000
        
        

332
000

000

000
        

332
000
        
        
        
        

073
190
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Award Vesting Rights

 provided that the recipient had met performance criteria
 including performance targets for each of the Company's 2009
 2010 and 2011 fiscal years
 and continued to be an employee of
 or service provider to
 the Company or its subsidiaries at the time of the relevant vesting dates. If the performance criteria were not met
 the options that would otherwise have vested on the vesting dates were to be forfeited and cancelled. In June 2012
 the employee terminated his employment with the Company
 and the options granted were forfeited and cancelled.
        

 provided that the recipient had met the performance criteria
 including performance targets for each of the Company's 2009
 2010 and 2011 fiscal years
 and continued to be an employee of
 or service provider to
 the Company or its subsidiaries at the time of the relevant vesting dates. If the performance criteria were not met
 the shares that would otherwise have vested on vesting dates were to be forfeited and cancelled.
        

 a contractual life of 6 years
 and vest in three tranches of 25%
 35% and 40% on each of the three years ended December 31
 2012
 2013 and 2014
 provided that the recipient has met certain performance criteria and the recipient continues to be an employee of
 or service provider to
 the Company or its subsidiaries at the time of the relevant vesting dates.
        

 2008
 an option to purchase 80
000 shares was granted to an employee that vests on the 12-month anniversary of the date of grant with an exercise price of $12.00 and a contractual life of 4 years.
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Grants in Period
 Weighted Average Exercise Price (in Dollars per share)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercisable
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Award Vesting Period
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Grants in Period
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value (in Dollars per share)
        
        
        
        

643
504

516
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

594
465

018
366

306
074
        

029
404

220
820
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

029
404

405
116

710
272
        
        
        
        
        


Common Stock
 Capital Shares Reserved for Future Issuance
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding
 Intrinsic Value (in Dollars)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

190
        
        
        
        
        


Auction Market Preferred Securities
 Stock Series
 Par Value Per Share (in Dollars per share)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Employee Service Share-based Compensation
 Nonvested Awards
 Total Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized (in Dollars)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

853
988
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Employee Service Share-based Compensation
 Nonvested Awards
 Total Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized
 Period for Recognition
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Non-Option Equity Instruments
 Other
 Description
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

 2011
 the Company had 237
937 warrants outstanding with a weighted average remaining contractual life of 0.8 years and a weighted average exercise price of $14.5 per warrant. During the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 no warrants were exercised. The outstanding warrants expired on October 4
 2012.
        
        
        
        
        
        


Class of Warrant or Right
 Outstanding
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

937
        
        
        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Terms
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Class of Warrant or Right
 Exercise Price of Warrants or Rights (in Dollars per Item)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the aggregate unrecognized cost of equity-based awards made to employees under equity-based compensation awards that have yet to vest.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 market condition or a performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 market condition or a performance condition
 thereby giving the employee the legal right to convert the award to shares
 to sell the shares
 and be entitled to the cash proceeds of such sale. For example
 vesting may be expressed as being 25 percent of the shares under option on each anniversary of the grant date.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity share options
 or other equity instruments; or (b) the entity incurs liabilities to them: (1) in amounts based
 at least in part
 on the price of the entity's shares or other equity instruments; or (2) that require or may require settlement by issuance of the entity's shares. Such an arrangement is usually provided to employees and directors to compensate them
 provide performance incentives to them
 and to attract or retain their services. May also include pertinent information particular to a plan that is not elsewhere specified in the taxonomy.
              
 -Paragraph 64
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments
 for awards under the equity-based compensation plan. As stock or unit options and equity instruments other than options are awarded to participants
 the shares or units remain authorized and become reserved for issuance under outstanding awards (not necessarily vested).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Schedule of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures [Table Text Block]
        


          &#160;


          &#160;


          For&#160;the&#160;years&#160;ended&#160;December&#160;31


          &#160;




          &#160;


          &#160;


          2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2011


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2010


          &#160;




          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;




          Sales from external customers


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          34
960
409


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          1
261
472


          &#160;




          Intersegment sales


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          9
938
301


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          27
151
876


          &#160;




          Income (loss) from operations


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2
613
122


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (6
499
869


          )




          Loss on sale of subsidiaries


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (8
318
350


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;




          Net loss from discontinued operations


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#8212;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (5
705
228


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (6
499
869


          )


    




        
          

        
          
            

 which may include the gain (loss) recognized in the income statement and the income statement caption that includes that gain (loss)
 amounts of revenues and pretax profit or loss reported in discontinued operations
 the classification and carrying value of the assets and liabilities comprising the disposal group
 and the segment in which the disposal group was reported. Also may include the amount of adjustments to amounts previously reported in discontinued operations such as resolution of contingencies arising from the disposal transaction or the operations of the component prior to disposal.
              
 -Paragraph 43
 44
 45
 47
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      






































        
        
        
        
        
        
        

006
000

446
000

245


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

190


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Exercisable as of December 31
 2012 (in Shares)
        
        
        
        
        
        

500
        
        


Exercisable as of December 31
 2012
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Exercisable as of December 31
 2012
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Exercisable as of December 31
 2012
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

000

000
        

332
000

000

000
        

332
000
        


        
        
        
        

643
504

516
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000)

245)
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph b(1)(c)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including vested options.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          



Balance at Dec. 31
 2009

607

482
098

774
151

861
224

651
571

672
879

451

806
981


Balance (in Shares) at Dec. 31
 2009

607
376
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

318
        
        
        
        
        

374


        

915
        
        
        
        
        
        

915


        
        

710
272
        
        
        
        
        

710
272


        
        

992
        
        
        
        
        

000


        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        

583
871)

384)

895
255)


        
        
        
        
        
        

086
622)
        

086
622)


        
        
        
        
        

181
945
        

719

203
664


        
        
        
        
        

828
        
        

828


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

225)

225)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

372

372


        
        
        
        

271
357
        

271
357)
        
        


Balance at Dec. 31
 2010

671

177
680

774
151

132
581

836
344

731
029

933

738
389


Balance (in Shares) at Dec. 31
 2010

671
291
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000


        
        

742
603
        
        
        
        
        

742
646


        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        

200
656)

302

074
354)


        
        
        
        
        
        

033
738
        

033
738


        
        
        
        
        

264
186
        

799)

250
387


        
        
        
        
        

178)
        
        

178)


        
        
        
        

543)

341
550)

348
093
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

493)

493)


        
        
        
        

215
389
        

215
389)
        
        


Balance at Dec. 31
 2011

714

920
283

774
151

341
427

730
802

696
815

943

501
135


Balance (in Shares) at Dec. 31
 2011

714
291
        
        
        
        
        
        

714
291


        
        

363
934
        
        
        
        
        

364
004


        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        

162
301

209

186
510


        
        
        
        
        

699
878
        
        

699
885


        
        
        
        
        

094
        
        

094


        
        
        
        

006)

754

411

159)

077)


        
        
        
        

136
318
        

136
318)
        
        


Balance at Dec. 31
 2012

784

284
217

774
151

450
739

487
528

741
209
        

757
628


Balance (in Shares) at Dec. 31
 2012

784
291
        
        
        
        
        
        

784
291




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 included in the consolidation of the parent entity
 to the noncontrolling interest holders.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before reclassification adjustments
 resulting from the process of expressing in the reporting currency of the reporting entity those amounts that are denominated or measured in a different currency
 and from transactions whose terms are denominated in a currency other than the entity's functional currency.
              
 -Paragraph 13
 20
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 17
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment (capital expenditures)
 software
 and other intangible assets.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.
              
 -Paragraph A1
 A4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of any shares forfeited. Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of stock value of such awards forfeited. Stock issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        

240
345
        

616
375




 Limited (&#x201C;Feihe Dairy&#x201D;) [Member] | January 30


        
        
        


        

099
322
        
        




 Limited (&#x201C;Feihe Dairy&#x201D;) [Member] | November 18


        
        
        


        

025
425
        
        




 Limited (&#x201C;Feihe Dairy&#x201D;) [Member] | Machinery and Equipment [Member] | January 25


        
        
        


        
        
        

429
956




 Limited (&#x201C;Feihe Soybean&#x201D;) [Member] | July 1


        
        
        


        

926
102
        
        




 Limited (&#x201C;Gannan Feihe&#x201D;) [Member] | July 9


        
        
        


        

025
425
        
        






        
        
        


        

926
102
        
        




 2013 [Member] | Heilongjiang Feihe Dairy Co.


        
        
        


        

210
170
        
        




 2013 [Member] | Heilongjiang Feihe Dairy Co.


        
        
        


        

605
084
        
        






        
        
        


        

076
273
[1]
[3]
        




 2013 [Member] | Heilongjiang Feihe Dairy Co.


        
        
        


        

210
170
        
        




 2013 [Member] | Loan A [Member] | Heilongjiang Feihe Dairy Co.


        
        
        


        

568
136
        
        




 2013 [Member] | Loan B [Member] | Heilongjiang Feihe Dairy Co.


        
        
        


        

568
136
        
        






        
        
        


        
        
        

997
871




 2012 [Member] | Heilongjiang Feihe Dairy Co.


        
        
        


        
        
        

177
680




 2012 [Member] | Heilongjiang Feihe Dairy Co.


        
        
        


        
        
        

588
840






        
        
        


        
        
        

944
200




 2012 [Member] | Heilongjiang Feihe Dairy Co.


        
        
        


        
        
        

177
680






        
        
        


        
        
        

542
144






        
        
        


        
        
        

542
144






        
        
        


        
        
        

383
260






        
        
        


        
        
        

832
600

      
        

      



              

 2013. These loans were also secured by a personal guarantee of Mr. Leng You-bin
 Chairman
 Chief Executive Officer
 President
 and General Manager of the Group
 for a period of one year from November 19
 2012 to November 18



              

 2012 to July 9



              

 2012 to November 18








        
          

        
          
            

 not elsewhere enumerated in the taxonomy
 with a maturity within one year (or within one operating cycle if longer) from the date of borrowing.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
      
    
      Financial instruments that potentially subject the Group to
      significant concentrations of credit risk consist primarily
      of cash and cash equivalents
 trade receivables
 and notes
      receivable.
    
      
    
      The Company maintains certain bank accounts in the PRC which
      are not protected by Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
      (&#8220;FDIC&#8221;) insurance or other insurance. The cash
      balance held in the PRC banks was $40
394
459 and $14
859
542
      as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. As of
      December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company held $30
851 and
      $494
340 of cash balances within the United States of which
      nil and $241
676 were in excess of insurance limits of FDIC
      respectively.
    
      As of December 31
 2012 and 2011 substantially all of the
      Group&#8217;s cash and cash equivalents
 restricted
      cash
&#160;investment in mutual funds and notes receivable
      were held by major financial institutions located in the PRC
      and the United States which management believes are of high
      credit quality.
    
      
    
      All of the Group&#8217;s sales arose in the PRC. Accordingly
      the Group is susceptible to fluctuations in its business
      caused by adverse economic conditions in the PRC.
    
      All of the Group&#8217;s customers are located in the PRC.
      The Group provides credit in the normal course of business.
      The Group performs ongoing credit evaluations of its
      customers and maintains allowances for doubtful accounts
      based on factors surrounding the credit risk of specific
      customers
 historical trends
 and other information. One
      individual customer (2011 and 2010: two individual customers)
      accounted for more than 10% of trade receivables during the
      years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010.
    
      
    
      Notes receivable includes a promissory note in the principal
      amount of $4
000
000 (the &#8220;Note&#8221;) issued by Huge
      Power Int&#8217;l S.A.
 a company organized in Samoa
      (&#8220;Huge Power&#8221;). On June 27
 2007
 the Company
      loaned a principal amount of $4
000
000 to Huge Power and
      Huge Power issued the Note. The Note&#8217;s stated interest
      is an annual rate of 8%
 payable in cash semi-annually. The
      Note matured on June 27
 2009. Huge Power has made payments
      of interest under the Note; however
 the Company has been
      unable to obtain the collateral that is required to be
      pledged according to the Note agreement. As a result
 the
      Company has provided a full allowance for doubtful collection
      of the Note as a result of not receiving collateral. Interest
      on the Note is recognized when received due to the doubtful
      collection.
    




        
          

        
          
            

 near-term
 severe impact. This disclosure informs financial statement users about the general nature of the risk associated with the concentration
 and may indicate the percentage of concentration risk as of the balance sheet date.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 21
 22
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














Deferred Tax Assets
 Operating Loss Carryforwards
 Domestic
        
        
        


Deferred Tax Assets
 Operating Loss Carryforwards
 Foreign
        
        
        


Deferred Tax Assets
 Valuation Allowance
        
        
        


        

 2007
 the PRC National People's Congress passed the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law (EIT Law) which became effective on January 1
 2008. The EIT Law applies a uniform 25% enterprise income tax rate to both foreign invested enterprises and domestic enterprises. The EIT Law provides a five-year transition period from its effective date for those enterprises which were established before the promulgation date of the EIT Law and which were entitled to a preferential tax treatment such as a reduced tax rate or a tax holiday. On December 26
 2007
 the PRC State Council issued the Notice of the State Council Concerning Implementation of Transitional Rules for Enterprise Income Tax Incentives (Circular 39). Based on Circular 39
 certain specifically listed categories of enterprises which enjoyed a preferential tax rate are eligible for a graduated rate increase to 25% over the 5-year period beginning from January 1
 2008.
        
        


Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate
        
        
        


Income Tax Examination
 Penalties and Interest Accrued
        
        
        


Income Tax Examination
 Penalties and Interest Expense
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 43
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 43
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

16. Property
 Plant
 and Equipment
 Net (Detail) - Table of Property
 Plant and Equipment with Related Accumulated Depreciation (USD $)











Property
 Plant
 and Equipment
 Gross

736
990

569
564


        

746
182)

829
927)


Property
 plant and equipment
 net

990
808

739
637



          

        
        


Property
 Plant
 and Equipment
 Gross

825
600

761
419



          

        
        


Property
 Plant
 and Equipment
 Gross

997
837

153
189



          

        
        


Property
 Plant
 and Equipment
 Gross

933
542

418
688



          

        
        


Property
 Plant
 and Equipment
 Gross

980
011

236
268




        
          

        
          
            

 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment not otherwise defined in the taxonomy.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depreciable flight assets owned by the entity and used in the entity's principle business operations and capitalized assets classified as property
 plant and equipment that are owned by the entity) that has been recognized in the income statement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if any
 over the period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

9. Notes Receivable
 Net (Detail)
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        

      


 2012

          



 2012

          



 2013



          



 2012








        
        
        
        
        


Equity Method Investment
 Ownership Percentage
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
      
    
      The full-time employees of the Company&#8217;s subsidiaries
      that are incorporated in the PRC are entitled to staff
      welfare benefits
 including medical care
 welfare subsidies
      unemployment insurance and pension benefits. These companies
      are required to accrue for these benefits based on certain
      percentages of the employees&#8217; income in accordance with
      the relevant regulations
 and to make contributions to the
      state-sponsored pension and medical plans out of the amounts
      accrued for medical and pension benefits. The total amounts
      charged to the consolidated statements of income and
      comprehensive income for such employee benefits related to
      the Company&#8217;s continued operations amounted to
      approximately $4
755
312
 $6
920
945 and $4
990
686 for the
      years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively.
      Employee benefits related to the Company&#8217;s discontinued
      operations totaled nil
 $128
330 and $231
798 for the years
      ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively
 and are
      included in income from discontinued operation
 net of taxes
      in the accompanying consolidated statements of income and
      comprehensive income. The PRC government is responsible for
      the medical benefits and ultimate pension liability to these
      employees.
    
      Effective January 1
 2007
 the Company established
      the&#160;Feihe International
 Inc. 401(k)&#160;Profit Sharing
      Plan and Trust (the &#8220;Plan&#8221;). The Plan is a
      discretionary defined contribution plan and covers
      substantially all employees who have attained the age of 21
      have completed at least six months of service
 and have
      worked a minimum of 1
000 hours in the past Plan or
      anniversary year.
    
      Under provisions of the Plan
 the Company
 for any plan year
      has contributed an amount equal to 100% of the
      participant&#8217;s contribution or 5% of the
      participant&#8217;s eligible compensation
 whichever is less.
      The Company may
 at its own discretion
 make additional
      matching contributions to participants. Company
      contributions
 net of forfeitures
 amounted to $14
581
      $7
815 and $16
704 for the years ended December 31
 2012
      2011 and 2010
 respectively.
    




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 7
 21
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 20
 21
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Plant
 and Equipment

      
      

 Plant
 and Equipment



      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Plant
 and Equipment

      
      

 Plant
 and Equipment



      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Plant

      
      

 Plant



      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Interest

      
      

 Interest



      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      

 Net (Detail) - Table of Notes Receivables

      
      

 Net (Detail) - Table of Notes Receivables



      
      
      

 Net (Detail) - Table of Notes Receivables

      
      

 Net (Detail) - Table of Notes Receivables



      
      
      

 Net (Detail) - Table of Trade Receivables

      
      

 Net (Detail) - Table of Trade Receivables



      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Net (Detail) - Table of Inventories

      
      

 Net (Detail) - Table of Inventories



      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Plant
 and Equipment

      
      

 Plant
 and Equipment



      
      
      

 Plant
 and Equipment
 Net (Detail) - Table of Property

      
      

 Plant
 and Equipment
 Net (Detail) - Table of Property



      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  













    
  
      

          











        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        

      










Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Estimated Useful Lives
        
        


          Buildings and plant


          20


          -


          33


          years



        
          Machinery and equipment


          10


          -

        
          14


          years



        
          Office equipment




          5

        
          &#160;


          years



        
          Motor vehicles


          5


          -

        
          8


          years


    




        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment (that is
 the periods of time over which an entity allocates the initial cost of its property
 plant and equipment).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

16. Property
 Plant
 and Equipment
 Net

        

      






Property
 Plant and Equipment Disclosure [Text Block]
        

 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
 NET
    
      Property
 plant and equipment and related accumulated
      depreciation as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 were as
      follows:
    


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2012


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2011


          &#160;




          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;


          &#160;


          US$


          &#160;




          Buildings and plant


          &#160;


          &#160;


          62
825
600


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          71
761
419


          &#160;




          Machinery and equipment


          &#160;


          &#160;


          79
997
837


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          79
153
189


          &#160;




          Office equipment


          &#160;


          &#160;


          3
933
542


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2
418
688


          &#160;




          Motor vehicles


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2
980
011


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          4
236
268


          &#160;




          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          149
736
990


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          157
569
564


          &#160;




          Less: Accumulated depreciation


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (34
746
182


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (28
829
927


          )




          Property
 plant and equipment
 net


          &#160;


          &#160;


          114
990
808


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          128
739
637


          &#160;


    
      
    
      Depreciation expense for the continuing operations for the
      years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010 was $8
439
405
      $6
683
434 and $5
586
699
 respectively
 of which $5
589
499
      $4
350
828 and $3
902
514 was included as a component of cost
      of goods sold in the respective years.
    

 plant and equipment
    
      The net book value of buildings and plant
 machinery and
      equipment and land use rights pledged for bank loans was
      $13
021
820
 $26
052
365 and $4
322
344
 respectively
 as of
      December 31
 2012. The net book value of buildings and plant
      machinery and equipment and land use rights pledged for bank
      loans was $24
971
201
 $47
231
525 and $697
580
      respectively
 as of December 31
 2011.
    
      
    
      Nil
 $945
581 and $372
679 of interest expense was
      capitalized in property
 plant and equipment for the years
      ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively.
    




        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 and other types of furniture and equipment including
 but not limited to
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment and software. This disclosure may include property plant and equipment accounting policies and methodology
 a schedule of property
 plant and equipment gross
 additions
 deletions
 transfers and other changes
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 net
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense and useful lives
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        

861
596

842
755


        

276

213



          

        
        


        
        

442


        
        

777



          

        
        


        
        

330


        
        
        



          

        
        


        

191

987



          

        
        


        

191

759


        
        

777




        
          

        
          
            

 amounts due from related parties including affiliates
 employees
 joint ventures
 officers and stockholders
 immediate families thereof
 and pension funds.
              
 -Paragraph 16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.15(3)
 -Subparagraph 3
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    













