

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-17-002099
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		189
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20170223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20170223
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FLOWERS FOODS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001128928
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FOOD & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2000]
		IRS NUMBER:				582582379
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			GA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1229
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-16247
		FILM NUMBER:		17630665
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1919 FLOWERS CIRCLE
		CITY:			THOMASVILLE
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			31757
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9122269110
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1919 FLOWERS CIRCLE
		CITY:			THOMASVILLE
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			31757











flo-10k_20161231.htm








&#160;D.C. 20549












 2016












 INC.





























 Georgia












 including area code:

























 $0.01&#160;par value











 as defined in Rule&#160;405 of the Securities Act.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Yes&#160;&#160;


 and (2)&#160;has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90&#160;days.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Yes&#160;&#160;

 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule&#160;405 of Regulation&#160;S-T (&#167;&#160;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12&#160;months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Yes&#160;&#160;

 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#8217;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part&#160;III of this Form&#160;10-K or any amendment to this Form&#160;10-K.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;

 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer&#8221; and &#8220;smaller reporting company&#8221; in Rule&#160;12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):





































 2016 the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was $3
680
508
668.

 2017
 the number of shares outstanding of the registrant&#8217;s Common Stock
 $0.01&#160;par value
 was 208
904
007.


 2017
 which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about April&#160;11
 2017
 have been incorporated by reference into Part&#160;III
 Items&#160;10
 11
 12
 13 and 14 of this Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K.
































































































Market for the Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities















































































Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance























Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence


























































&#8221; &#8220;believe
&#8221; &#8220;continue
&#8221; &#8220;could
&#8221; &#8220;estimate
&#8221; &#8220;expect
&#8221; &#8220;intend
&#8221; &#8220;may
&#8221; &#8220;plan
&#8221; &#8220;predict
&#8221; &#8220;project
&#8221; &#8220;should
&#8221; &#8220;will
&#8221; &#8220;would
&#8221; &#8220;is likely to
&#8221; &#8220;is expected to&#8221; or &#8220;will continue
&#8221; or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements are based upon assumptions we believe are reasonable.

 performance
 liquidity
 and achievements to differ materially from those projected are discussed in this report and may include
 but are not limited to:








unexpected changes in any of the following: (i)&#160;general economic and business conditions; (ii)&#160;the competitive setting in which we operate
 including advertising or promotional strategies by us or our competitors
 as well as changes in consumer demand; (iii)&#160;interest rates and other terms available to us on our borrowings; (iv)&#160;energy and raw materials costs and availability and hedging counter-party risks; (v)&#160;relationships with or increased costs related to our employees and third party service providers; and (vi)&#160;laws and regulations (including environmental and health-related issues)
 accounting standards or tax rates in the markets in which we operate;

















changes in consumer behavior
 trends and preferences
 including health and whole grain trends
 and the movement toward more inexpensive store-branded products;


























our ability to operate existing
 and any new
 manufacturing lines according to schedule;








our ability to execute our business strategy
 which may involve integration of recent acquisitions or the acquisition or disposition of assets at presently targeted values;

















changes in pricing
 customer and consumer reaction to pricing actions
 and the pricing environment among competitors within the industry;








disruptions in our direct-store-delivery distribution model
 including litigation or an adverse ruling by a court or regulatory or governmental body that could affect the independent contractor classifications of the independent distributors;

















increases in employee and employee-related costs
 including funding of pension plans;








the credit
 business
 and legal risks associated with independent distributors and customers
 which operate in the highly competitive retail food and foodservice industries;








any business disruptions due to political instability
 armed hostilities
 incidents of terrorism
 natural disasters
 labor strikes or work stoppages
 technological breakdowns
 product contamination or the responses to or repercussions from any of these or similar events or conditions and our ability to insure against such events;








the failure of our information technology systems to perform adequately
 including any interruptions
 intrusions or security breaches of such systems; and












list of important factors does not include all such factors
 nor necessarily present them in order of importance. In addition
n (&#8220;SEC&#8221;) or in company press releases) for other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those projected by the company. Refer to Part&#160;I
 Item&#160;1A.
 
nformation regarding factors that could affect the company&#8217;s results of operations
 financial condition and liquidity.

 as they speak only as of the date made and are inherently uncertain. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly revise or update such statements
 except as required by law. You are advised
 however
 to consult any further public disclosures by the company (such as in our filings with the SEC or in company press releases) on related subjects.

 including our corporate names
 logos and website names. In addition
 we own or have the rights to copyrights
 trade secrets and other proprietary rights that protect the content of our products and the formulations for such products. Solely for convenience
 some of the trademarks
 trade names and copyrights referred to in this Form 10-K are listed without the
 and &#8482; symbols
 but we will assert
 to the fullest extent under applicable law
 our rights to our trademarks
 trade names and copyrights.















 Inc. (references to &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;our
&#8221; &#8220;us
&#8221; the &#8220;company
&#8221; &#8220;Flowers&#8221; or &#8220;Flowers Foods&#8221; ) was founded in 1919 as a Georgia corporation when two brothers&#160;&#8212; William Howard and Joseph Hampton Flowers&#160;&#8212; opened Flowers Baking Company in Thomasville
 Georgia. Flowers&#8217; operating strategy from the beginning was to invest in efficient and technologically advanced bakeries
 offer excellent baked foods
 build strong brands
 provide extraordinary service to customers
 offer a workplace that fosters a team spirit
 develop innovations to improve the business
 and grow through strategic acquisitions. 

 supermarkets
 convenience stores
 restaurants
 fast food outlets
 institutions
 or vending machines. The company produces a wide range of breads
 buns
 rolls
 snack cakes
 and tortillas.&nbsp;&nbsp; 











Produces fresh breads
 buns
 rolls
 tortillas and snack cakes sold primarily by a network of independent distributors to retail and foodservice customers in the following areas of the U.S.: East
 South
 Southwest
 California
 and select markets in the Midwest
 Pacific Northwest
 Nevada
 and Colorado. 








Has a 39-bakery network with a highly developed reciprocal baking system (where bakeries can produce for its market and that of other bakeries)
 which results in long and efficient production runs.








Nature&#8217;s Own
 Wonder
 Cobblestone Bread Company
 Tastykake 



























Mrs. Freshley&#8217;s
 Alpine Valley Bread
 

 percent of total sales
 and the number of plants by each segment:
































284
177
























708
























926
885

















 
 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for more detailed financial information about our segments.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our brands are among the best known in the baking industry. Many of our DSD Segment brands have a major presence in the product categories in which they compete. They have a leading share of fresh packaged branded sales measured in both dollars and units in the major metropolitan areas we serve in Southern markets.&nbsp;&nbsp; 





 our strategies are to:








.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;We develop new and core markets through new customers
 new products
 strong brands
 and acquisitions. We have a three-pronged strategy for growing sales through market expansions
 core markets
 and acquisitions.








.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;We use technology and efficiencies to be the low-cost producer of delicious bakery foods. We invest to improve the effectiveness of our bakeries
 distribution networks
 and information systems.








.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;We innovate to improve processes
 enhance quality
 reduce costs
 and conserve resources.

















.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;We respect every individual
 embrace diversity
 and promote the career growth of our team members.


















Strong Brands &#8211; More than $3.3 billion in total branded retail sales
 including vending



















 after detailed analysis
 acquiring companies and properties that add value to the company. We believe this strategy has resulted in consistent and sustainable growth that builds value for our shareholders.

 including long-term (five-year) goals. Compensation and bonus programs are linked to the company&#8217;s short and long-term goals. The majority of our employees participate in an annual formula-driven
 performance-based cash bonus program. In addition
 certain employees participate in a long-term incentive program that provides performance-contingent common stock awards that generally vest over a two-year period. We believe these incentive programs provide both a short and long-term goal for our most senior management team and aligns their interests with those of our shareholders. 


 market expansions
 product innovation
 and core markets.&nbsp;&nbsp;As a leading U.S. baker
 our products are available to consumers through traditional supermarkets
 foodservice distributors
 convenience stores
 mass merchandisers
 club stores
 wholesalers
 casual dining and quick-serve restaurants
 schools
 hospitals
 dollar stores
 and vending machines. To enhance our ability to grow sales
 we develop bakery foods that meet changing consumer needs and preferences using market research and the strength of our well-established brands. We maintain and strengthen our brands in both existing and new markets by focusing on consistent product quality
 a broad and diverse product line
 and exceptional customer service. We expand our geographic reach through strategic acquisitions and by expanding the market reach of our existing bakeries. We believe our growth strategy has been successful
 evidenced by our sales and net income compound average annual growth rate of 7.3% and 5.8%
 respectively
 over the last five years. 


 we have made more than 100 acquisitions. Since 2003
 we have completed 16&#160;acquisitions that
 in the aggregate
 added approximately $2.0 billion in annual revenue. Our primary acquisition targets have historically been independent/regional baking companies in areas of the country where our fresh products have not had access to those markets. See Note 8
 
 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for more details of each of the acquisitions described below.





 2015
 the company completed the acquisition of Alpine Valley Bread Company (&#8220;Alpine&#8221;)
 a family-owned producer of certified organic and all natural breads in the U.S. The acquisition is intended to expand our penetration into the fast growing organic market and provide additional organic production capacity.


 2015
 the company completed the acquisition of Dave&#8217;s Killer Bread (&#8220;DKB&#8221;)
 the nation&#8217;s best-selling organic bread.&nbsp;&nbsp;The DKB acquisition not only gave us the top organic bread brand in the country
 it also gave our DSD Segment access to the Pacific Northwest market.


 we announced a direct-store-delivery (&#8220;DSD&#8221;) market expansion goal to serve a geographical area reaching at least 75% of the U.S. population by 2016. At the end of fiscal 2016
 we had exceeded that goal
 expanding our population reach to approximately 85% of the U.S. population through acquisitions and expanding the market reach of existing bakeries.&nbsp;&nbsp;The chart below presents our DSD Segment geographic expansion since fiscal 2005.





 new products for both retail and foodservice customers that will drive excitement and consumers to our brands and products. In addition
 in conjunction with the independent distributors
 we focus on continually building relationships with both new and potential retail and foodservice customers
 which helps grow sales.


 we have devoted significant resources to automate our bakeries and improve our distribution capabilities. We believe these investments have made us one of the most efficient
 low-cost producers of packaged bakery products in the United States. We believe our capital investments yield valuable long-term benefits
 such as more consistent product quality and greater production volume at a lower cost per unit.

 we invested $442.7 million in capital projects. We believe our annual capital investments have given us a competitive edge and we are committed to maintaining that advantage by investing in new technologies and improved processes.
We have established a reciprocal baking system that allows us to shift production among our DSD Segment bakeries. Because of this system
 we have the flexibility to meet changing market needs
 can respond effectively to hurricanes and other wide-spread 



natural disasters
e of bakery products both regionally and nationally. For efficient movement of products from bakery to market
 we use company-owned and leased warehouses and distribution centers.









Engaging in research and development to create new products
 improve the quality of existing products
 and improve production processes and techniques.

















Improving the efficiency and accuracy of our shipping logistics.&nbsp;&nbsp;We have been installing a paperless
 user-directed automated shipping system at our bakeries that uses barcode labels
 displays
 and door scanners. The system streamlines the finished goods product flow
 provides for greater accountability of finished goods received and shipped
 improves order fulfillment
 and minimizes shortage costs. At the end of fiscal 2016
 we had installed this automated shipping system in approximately 80% of our bakeries. We expect to have this system in place in all our bakeries by the end of fiscal 2018.


 our strategy is simple: Go beyond the expected. Our bakery
 sales
 and corporate national account teams forge strong business relationships built on providing the best quality products at the best price when and where our customers need them. Focusing on extraordinary service helps grow sales in both core and new markets. Also critical to this strategy within our DSD Segment is the professionalism and service provided by the independent distributors who provide daily customer service and build strong retail and foodservice relationships.


 our subsidiaries provide:



































Ways for team members to discuss concerns through an open door policy
 peer review program
 and anonymous toll-free hotline.

800&#160;people. Approximately 1
220 of these employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements.



 the company launched Project Centennial
 an enterprise-wide business and operational review to evaluate opportunities to streamline our operations
 drive efficiencies
 and invest in strategic capabilities that we believe will strengthen our competitive position and drive profitable revenue growth.&#160; Based upon the results of this review
 Flowers has begun executing on four primary strategic initiatives:









reinvigorate the core business &#8211; invest in the growth and innovation of our core brands
 streamline our brand and product portfolio
 improve trade promotion management
 and strengthen our partnership with distributors so they can grow their businesses;








capitalize on product adjacencies &#8211; greater focus on growing segments of the bakery category
 such as foodservice
 in-store bakery
 impulse items
 and healthy snacking;


























 store branded retail
 or non-retail and other.&nbsp;&nbsp;The non-retail and other category includes foodservice
 restaurant
 institutional
 vending
 thrift stores
 and contract manufacturing.&nbsp;&nbsp;The table below presents our major brands and the geographic locations in the U.S. in which our products are available:













s Own
 Wonder
 Cobblestone Bread Co.
 Dave




 South
 Southwest
 California
 and select markets in the Midwest
 Pacific Northwest
 Nevada
 and Colorado








 South
 southern Midwest
 Southwest
 and select markets in California




 Betsy Ross
 Butterkrust
 Captain John Derst's
 Home Pride
 Dandee
s
 Bunny
 Butternut
 Country Kitchen
 Evangeline Maid
 Holsum
 Merita
 Roman Meal (bread only)
 Sunbeam
 Natural Grains
 Earthgrains
 and Sara Lee (California)












 in select markets
















 in select markets








 in select markets








 in select markets











Nature&#8217;s Own
Whitewheat
 is the best-selling loaf bread in the U.S.
 sales
 at retail
 were $1.0 billion for fiscal 2016.


















 brand for retail and foodservice customers. It also produces proprietary breads
 buns
 and rolls for specific foodservice customers. This segment&#8217;s snack cakes are sold under the 
 
 and store brands. Warehouse Segment products are fresh and frozen and distributed nationally through retail
 foodservice and vending customer warehouses.











 social media (such as Facebook and Twitter)
 digital media (including e-newsletters to consumers)
 websites (our brand sites and third-party sites)
 event and sports marketing
 on-package promotional offers and sweepstakes
 and print advertising. When appropriate
 we may join other sponsors with promotional tie-ins. We often focus our marketing efforts on specific products and holidays
 such as hamburger and hot dog bun sales during Memorial Day
 the Fourth of July
 and Labor Day
 and snack cakes for specific seasons.


 our largest customer
 Walmart/Sam&#8217;s Club
 represented 19.6% of the company&#8217;s sales. The loss of
 or a material negative change in our relationship with
 Walmart/Sam&#8217;s Club or any other major customer could have a material adverse effect on our business. Walmart was the only customer to account for 10.0% or more of our sales during fiscal years 2016
 2015 and 2014.

 supermarkets and other retailers
 restaurants
 quick-serve chains
 food wholesalers
 institutions
 dollar stores
 and vending companies. We also sell returned and surplus product through a system of discount bakery stores. The company currently operates 292 such stores
 and reported sales of $79.9&#160;million during fiscal 2016 from these outlets.

 institutions and foodservice distributors
 and retail in-store bakeries with breads and rolls. It also sells packaged bakery products to wholesale distributors for ultimate sale to a wide variety of food outlets. It sells packaged snack cakes primarily to customers who distribute the product nationwide through multiple channels of distribution
 including mass merchandisers
 supermarkets
 vending outlets and convenience stores. In certain circumstances
 we enter into co-packing arrangements with retail customers or other food companies
 some of which are competitors.


 stocking shelves
 maintaining special displays
 and developing and maintaining good customer relations to ensure adequate inventory and removing unsold goods.

 highly motivated by financial incentives from their distribution rights ownership
 strive to increase sales by offering outstanding service and merchandising. Independent distributors have the opportunity to benefit directly from the enhanced value of their distribution rights resulting from higher branded sales volume.



s held and used.&nbsp;&nbsp;The table below presents the approximate number of territories used by the company on December 31
 2016:























128




































045





 transactions
 and to manage their businesses. The company provides these hand-held computers to the independent distributors and charges them an administrative fee for their use. This fee is recognized as a reduction to the company&#8217;s selling
 distribution and administrative expense.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our proprietary software permits distributors to track and communicate inventory data to bakeries and to calculate recommended order levels based on historical sales data and recent trends. These orders are electronically transmitted to the appropriate bakery on a nightly basis. We believe this system assists us in minimizing returns of unsold goods.&nbsp;&nbsp;The fees collected for each of the last three fiscal years were as follows (amounts in thousands):























544












790












561





 we maintain an information technology (&#8220;IT&#8221;) platform that allows us to track sales
 product returns
 and profitability by selling location
 bakery
 day
 and other criteria. The system provides us with daily
 on-line access to sales and gross margin reports
 allowing us to make prompt operational adjustments when appropriate. It also permits us to better forecast sales and improve distributors&#8217; in-store product ordering by customer. This IT platform is integral to our hand-held computers.

 which gives them more time to service customers and merchandise products. PBS also benefits retailers
 who only pay suppliers for what they actually sell
 or what is scanned at checkout. During the last three fiscal years PBS sales were as follows (amounts in thousands):






















273
660












245
422












206
608





 Tennessee snack cake bakery. We believe this centralized distribution method allows us to achieve both production and distribution efficiencies. Products coming from different bakeries are then cross-docked and shipped directly to customers&#8217; warehouses nationwide. Our frozen bread and roll products are shipped to various outside freezer facilities for distribution to our customers.


 trade names
 patents
 and licenses. The company also sells products under franchised and licensed trademarks and trade names that we do not own (
 
 and 





 sweeteners
 shortening
 and water. We also use paper products
 such as corrugated cardboard
 films and plastics to package our bakery foods. We strive to maintain diversified sources for all of our baking ingredients and packaging products.&nbsp;&nbsp;In addition
 we are dependent on natural gas or propane as fuel for firing our ovens. 

 such as our baking ingredients
 periodically experience price fluctuations. The cost of these inputs may fluctuate widely due to government policy and regulation
 weather conditions
 domestic and international demand
 or other unforeseen circumstances. We enter into forward purchase agreements and other derivative financial instruments in an effort to manage the impact of such volatility in raw material prices
 but some organic ingredients do not offer the same hedging opportunities to reduce the impact of price volatility.&nbsp;&nbsp;Any decrease in the supply available under these agreements and instruments could increase the effective price of these raw materials to us and significantly impact our earnings.



 our operations are subject to regulation by various federal governmental agencies
 including the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
 the U.S. Department of Agriculture
 the U.S. Federal Trade Commission
 the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency
 the U.S. Department of Commerce
 and the U.S. Department of Labor (the &#8220;DOL&#8221;).&nbsp;&nbsp;We also are subject to the regulations of various state agencies
 with respect to production processes
 product quality
 packaging
 labeling
 storage
 distribution
 labor
 and local regulations regarding the licensing of bakeries and the enforcement of state standards and facility inspections.&nbsp;&nbsp;Under various statutes and regulations
 these federal and state agencies prescribe requirements and establish standards for quality
 purity
 and labeling.&nbsp;&nbsp;Failure to comply with one or more regulatory requirements could result in a variety of sanctions
 including monetary fines or compulsory withdrawal of products from store shelves.&nbsp;&nbsp;On August 9
 2016
 the DOL notified the company that it was scheduled for a compliance review under the Fair Labor Standards Act.&nbsp;&nbsp;The company is cooperating with the DOL.

 and we are subject to certain health and safety regulations
 including those issued under the Occupational Safety and Health Act.

 state and local laws and regulations.&nbsp;&nbsp;

 like those of similar businesses
 are subject to various federal
 state and local laws and regulations with respect to environmental matters
 including air and water quality and underground fuel storage tanks
 as well as other regulations intended to protect public health and the environment.&nbsp;&nbsp;The company is not a party to any material proceedings arising under these laws and regulations.&nbsp;&nbsp;We believe compliance with existing environmental laws and regulations will not materially affect the Consolidated Financial Statements or the competitive position of the company.  The company is currently in substantial compliance with all material environmental laws and regulations affecting the company and its properties.






 Flowers Foods is currently the second largest company in the U.S. fresh baking industry based on market share as presented in the following chart (internal sales data warehouse &#8211; &#8220;SDW&#8221;):


 Flowers Foods
 and Campbell Soup Company (Pepperidge Farm) along with smaller independent regional bakers
 local bakeries
 and retailer-owned bakeries. 

 including greater brand awareness and economies of scale in purchasing
 distribution
 production
 information technology
 advertising and marketing. However
 size alone is not sufficient to ensure success in our industry. The company faces significant competition from regional and independent bakeries in certain geographic areas.

 generational changes in family-owned businesses
 and competitors&#8217; promotional efforts on branded bread and store brands. Competition typically is based on product availability
 product quality
 brand loyalty
 price
 effective promotions
 and the ability to target changing consumer preferences. Customer service
 including frequent delivery to keep store shelves well-stocked
 is an increasingly important competitive factor.

 store brands have become a significant competitor to the company in those areas where the company does not have the contract to produce the store brand. In general
 the store brand share of retail fresh packaged bread in the U.S. accounts for approximately 24% of the dollar sales and approximately 34% of unit sales and has remained stable for the past five years.


 we incorporate by reference information from parts of other documents filed with the SEC. The SEC allows us to disclose important information by referring to it in this manner
 and you should review this information in addition to the information contained in this report.

 quarterly reports on Form&#160;10-Q
 current reports on Form&#160;8-K
 and proxy statement for the annual shareholders&#8217; meeting
 as well as any amendments to those reports
 are available free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we file them with the SEC. You can learn more about us by reviewing our SEC filings in the Investor Center on our website at www.flowersfoods.com.
The SEC also maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports
 proxy statements and other information about SEC registrants
 including the company. You may also obtain these materials at the SEC&#8217;s Public Reference Room at 100&#160;F&#160;Street
 N.E.
 



Washington
&#160;D.C. 20549. You can obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330.&nbsp;&nbsp;Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein
 the information contained on ou

 Inc.
 1919 Flowers Circle
 Thomasville
 GA 31757
 Attention: Investor Relations.













































































































 together with all of the other information included in this report
 in considering our business and prospects. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. These risk factors are not listed in any order of significance.&nbsp;&nbsp;Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us
 or that we currently deem insignificant
 may also impair our business operations. The occurrence of any of the following risks could harm our business
 financial condition
 liquidity or results of operations.

 which could adversely impact our sales and operating profit.

 limit our ability to increase or maintain prices
 and reduce sales of higher margin products or shift our product mix to low-margin products. In addition
 changes in tax or interest rates
 whether due to recession
 financial and credit market disruptions or other reasons
 could negatively impact us. If any of these events occurs
 or if unfavorable economic conditions continue or worsen
 our sales and profitability could be adversely affected.

 fuels and utilities could adversely impact our profitability.

 such as flour
 sweeteners
 shortening
 and water which are used in our bakery products
 are subject to price fluctuations. The cost of these inputs may fluctuate widely due to foreign and domestic government policies and regulations
 weather conditions
 domestic and international demand
 or other unforeseen circumstances. Any substantial change in the prices or availability of raw materials may have an adverse impact on our profitability. We enter into forward purchase agreements and other derivative financial instruments from time to time to manage the impact of such volatility in raw materials prices; however
 these strategies may not be adequate to overcome increases in market prices or availability. Our failure to enter into hedging arrangements or any decrease in the availability or increase in the cost of these agreements and instruments could increase the price of these raw materials and significantly affect our earnings.
In addition
 we are dependent upon natural gas or propane for firing ovens. The independent distributors and third-party transportation companies are dependent upon gasoline and diesel for their vehicles. The cost of fuel may fluctuate widely due to economic and political conditions
 government policy and regulation
 war
 or other unforeseen circumstances. Substantial future increases in prices for
 or shortages of
 these fuels could have a material adverse effect on our profitability
 financial condition or 



results of operations. There can be no assurance that we can cover these potential cost increases through future pricing actions. Also
 as a result of these pricing actions
 consumers could purchase less or move from purchasing high-margin products to lo


 marketing
 and other resources. In most product categories
 we compete not only with other widely advertised branded products
 but also with store branded products that are generally sold at lower prices. Competition is based on product availability
 product quality
 price
 effective promotions
 and the ability to target changing consumer preferences. We experience price pressure from time to time due to competitors&#8217; promotional activity and other pricing efforts. This pricing pressure is particularly strong during adverse economic periods. Increased competition could result in reduced sales
 margins
 profits and market share.

 financial condition and cash flows.

 litigation or one or more adverse rulings by courts or regulatory or governmental bodies regarding our independent distributorship program
 including actions or decisions that could affect the independent contractor classifications of the independent distributors
 or an adverse judgment against the company for actions taken by the independent distributors could materially and negatively affect our financial condition
 results of operations
 and cash flows.

 which could have an adverse impact on our revenues and profitability.

 marketing and other brand building efforts. Brand value could diminish significantly due to a number of factors
 including consumer perception that we have acted in an irresponsible manner
 adverse publicity about our products (whether or not valid)
 our failure to maintain the quality of our products
 the failure of our products to deliver consistently positive consumer experiences
 or the products becoming unavailable to consumers. Our marketing investments may not prove successful in maintaining or increasing our market share. If we are not able to successfully maintain our brand recognition
 our revenues and profitability could be adversely affected.


 and the loss of one of our large customers could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Our top ten customers accounted for 46.8% of sales during fiscal 2016. Our largest customer
 Walmart/Sam&#8217;s Club
 accounted for 19.6% of sales during this period. These customers do not typically enter into long-term sales contracts
 and instead make purchase decisions based on a combination of price
 product quality
 consumer demand
 and customer service performance. At any time
 they may use more of their shelf space
 including space currently used for our products
 for store branded products or for products from other suppliers. Additionally
 our customers may face financial or other difficulties that may impact their operations and their purchases from us. Disputes with significant suppliers could also adversely affect our ability to supply products to our customers. If our sales to one or more of these customers are reduced
 this reduction may adversely affect our business
 financial condition or results of operations.

 which could have an adverse impact on our future growth and operating results.

 in part
 on our ability to respond to current market trends and to anticipate the tastes and dietary habits of consumers
 including concerns of consumers regarding health and wellness
 obesity
 product attributes
 and ingredients. Introduction of new products and product extensions requires significant development and marketing investment. If our products fail to meet consumer preferences
 or we fail to introduce new and improved products on a timely basis
 then the return on that investment will be less than anticipated and our strategy to grow sales and profits with investments in marketing and innovation will be less successful. If we fail to anticipate
 identify
 or react to changes in consumer preferences
 or we fail to introduce new or improved products on a timely basis we could experience reduced demand for our products
 which could in turn cause our operating results to suffer.





 the company undertakes acquisitions or divestitures. The success of any acquisition or divestiture depends on the company&#8217;s ability to identify opportunities that help us meet our strategic objectives
 consummate a transaction on favorable contractual terms
 and achieve expected returns and other financial benefits.

 including our recent acquisitions
 require us to efficiently integrate the acquired business or businesses
 which involves a significant degree of difficulty
 including the following:





















































creating uniform standards
 controls
 procedures
 policies and information systems and controlling the costs associated with such matters; and










 including diversion of management attention from the existing core business
 separating personnel and financial data and other systems
 and adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers.

 or the expected benefits of such acquisitions or divestitures are not otherwise realized
 the company&#8217;s business or financial results could be negatively impacted.


 including class actions
 administrative proceedings
 government investigations
 securities laws
 employment and personal injury claims
 disputes with current or former suppliers
 claims by current or former distributors
 and intellectual property claims (including claims that we infringed another party&#8217;s trademarks
 copyrights
 or patents). Inconsistent standards imposed by governmental authorities can adversely affect our business and increase our exposure to litigation. Litigation involving our independent distributor model and the independent contractor classification of the independent distributors
 as well as litigation related to disclosure made by us in connection therewith
 if determined adversely
 could increase costs
 negatively impact our business prospects and the business prospects of our distributors and subject us to incremental liability for their actions. We are also subject to the legal and compliance risks associated with privacy
 data collection
 protection and management
 in particular as it relates to information we collect when we provide products to customers.





 which may include comprehensive tax reform. We cannot predict the impact
 if any
 of these changes to our business. However
 it is possible that these changes could adversely affect our business. It is likely that some policies adopted by the new administration will benefit us and others will negatively affect us. Until we know what changes are enacted
 we will not know whether in total we benefit from
 or are negatively affected by
 the changes.


 they may demand lower pricing and increased promotional programs. Meeting these demands could adversely affect our sales and profitability.

From time to time
 our large customers may re-evaluate or refine their business practices and impose new or revised requirements on us
 the distributors
 and the customers&#8217; other suppliers. The growth of large mass merchandisers
 supercenters and 



dollar stores
opping patterns
 have produced large
 sophisticated customers with increased buying power and negotiating strength. Current trends among retailers and foodservice customers include fostering high levels of competition among suppliers
s or increased promotional programs
 requiring suppliers to maintain or reduce product prices
 reducing shelf space for our products
 and requiring product delivery with shorter lead times. These business changes may involve inventory practices
 logistics
 or other aspects of the customer-supplier relationship. Compliance with requirements imposed by major customers may be costly and may have an adverse effect on our margins and profitability. However
 if we fail to meet a significant customer&#8217;s demands
 could lose that customer&#8217;s business
 which also could adversely affect our results of operations.


 our business could be adversely affected.


 health care
 and workers&#8217; compensation costs are increasing and will likely continue to do so. Any substantial increase in pension
 health care or workers&#8217; compensation costs may have an adverse impact on our profitability. The company records pension costs and the liabilities related to its benefit plans based on actuarial valuations
 which include key assumptions determined by management. Material changes in pension costs may occur in the future due to changes in these assumptions. Future annual amounts could be impacted by various factors
 such as changes in the number of plan participants
 changes in the discount rate
 changes in the expected long-term rate of return
 changes in the level of contributions to the plan
 and other factors. In addition
 legislation or regulations involving labor and employment and employee benefit plans (including employee health care benefits and costs) may impact our operational results.

 which could impact the company&#8217;s liquidity.

 including the performance of our common stock
 which comprised approximately 12.1% of all the pension plan assets as of December 31
 2016.

 the likelihood of the company being required to make larger contributions will increase which could impact our liquidity. The equity markets can be
 and recently have been
 very volatile
 and therefore our estimate of future contribution requirements can change dramatically in relatively short periods of time. Similarly
 changes in interest rates can impact our contribution requirements. In a low interest rate environment
 the likelihood of larger required contributions increases. Adverse developments in any of these areas could adversely affect our financial condition
 liquidity or results of operations.

 armed hostilities
 incidents of terrorism
 natural disasters
 weather or labor strikes could have an adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.

 move and sell products is critical to our success. Damage or disruption to our manufacturing or distribution capabilities
 or the manufacturing or distribution capabilities of our suppliers due to weather
 natural disaster
 fire or explosion
 terrorism
 pandemics
 labor strikes or work stoppages
 or adverse outcomes in litigation involving our independent distributor model could impair our ability to manufacture or sell our products. Moreover
 terrorist activity
 armed conflict
 political instability or natural disasters that may occur within or outside the U.S.&#160;may disrupt manufacturing
 labor
 and other business operations. Failure to take adequate steps to mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such events
 or to effectively manage such events if they occur
 could adversely affect our business
 financial conditions and results of operations.

We may be required to recall certain of our products should they be mislabeled
 contaminated
 spoiled
 tampered with or damaged. We also may become involved in lawsuits and legal proceedings if it is alleged that the consumption of any of our products causes injury
 illness or death. A product recall or an adverse result in any such litigation could have a material adverse effect on our operating and financial results
 depending on the costs of the recall
 the destruction of product inventory
 competitive reaction and consumer attitudes. Even if a product liability or consumer fraud claim is unsuccessful or without merit
 the negative publicity 





 including with respect to cybersecurity issues.

 communications
 supply chain
 order entry and fulfillment
 and other business processes. The failure of our information technology systems (including those provided to us by third parties) to perform as we anticipate could disrupt our business and could result in billing
 collecting
 and ordering errors
 processing inefficiencies
 and the loss of sales and customers
 causing our business and results of operations to suffer.

 our information technology systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from circumstances beyond our control
 including fire
 natural disasters
 systems failures
 security breaches or intrusions (including theft of customer
 consumer or other confidential data)
 and viruses. If we are unable to prevent physical and electronic break-ins
 cyber-attacks and other information security breaches
 we may suffer financial and reputational damage
 be subject to litigation or incur remediation costs or penalties because of the unauthorized disclosure of confidential information belonging to us or to our partners
 customers
 suppliers or employees.


 our production processes
 product quality
 packaging
 labeling
 storage
 and distribution are subject to regulation by various federal
 state and local government entities and agencies. In addition
 the marketing and labeling of food products has come under increased scrutiny in recent years
 and the food industry has been subject to an increasing number of legal proceedings and claims relating to alleged false or deceptive marketing and labeling under federal
 state or local laws or regulations. Uncertainty regarding labeling standards has led to customer confusions and legal challenges.

 state and local laws and regulations is costly and time consuming. Failure to comply with
 or violations of
 applicable laws and the regulatory requirements of one or more of these agencies could subject us to civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions
 recalls or seizures
 as well as potential criminal sanctions
 any of which could result in increased operating costs and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Legal proceedings or claims related to our marketing could damage our reputation and/or adversely affect our business or financial results.


 Thomasville
 Georgia 31757
 (229)&#160;226-9110.












 Age and Office























 he served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Flowers Snack from July 2002 until April 2003. Prior to that time Mr.&#160;Shiver served as Executive Vice President of Flowers Bakeries from 1998 until 2002
 as a Regional Vice President of Flowers Bakeries in 1998
 and as President of Flowers Baking Company of Villa Rica from 1995 until 1998. Prior to that time
 Mr. Shiver served in various sales and marketing positions at Flowers Bakeries.






































 he served in various sales
 marketing and operational positions since joining the company in 1981
 including bakery president and Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing.




















 Secretary and General Counsel of Flowers Foods since May 2008. Mr. Avera previously served as Senior Vice President
 Secretary and General Counsel of Flowers Foods from September 2004 to May 2008. Prior to that
 he served as Secretary and General Counsel from February 2002 until September 2004. He also served as Vice President and General Counsel of Flowers Bakeries from July 1998 to February 2002. Mr. Avera also previously served as an Associate and Assistant General Counsel of Flowers Industries from February 1986 to July&#160;1998.














 Flowers Bakeries




 including bakery president
 region controller
 and director of both business systems and strategic planning.














 Flowers Foodservice





 and prior to that served as Senior Vice President of Flowers Foods&#8217; Specialty Group from 2003 through 2010. He joined the company in 2001
 initially serving as Vice President of Sales for the company&#8217;s frozen pie business.














 Flowers Cake Group




 he served in various sales
 marketing
 and operations positions since joining the company in 1978
 including president at two Flowers bakeries.









 Age and Office























 she served as Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations from November 2002 until July 2004. She also served as Vice President of Public Affairs of Flowers Industries from September&#160;1997 until November 2002 and Director of Public Relations of Flowers Industries from 1985 until 1997. Ms. Jones Turner joined the company in 1978.












 Jr.







 Inc. since January 2015. Mr. Benton previously served as Senior Vice President of Manufacturing and Operations Support from January 2011 until January 2015
 Vice President of Manufacturing from July 2001 until January 2011
 and Director of Manufacturing from August 1993 until July 2001. Prior to that time Mr. Benton served in several manufacturing and operational management positions including regional manufacturing coordinator
 bakery vice president of operations
 director of manufacturing
 and manufacturing manager at various locations throughout the company since 1980.


















 marketing
 and operations positions
 including Executive Vice President of Flowers Snack Group. Mr. Courtney joined the company in 1983.



















 IT Technology and Development in 2011. Prior to that time
 Mr.&#160;Hubbard was the IT Director
 SAP&#160;Technology and eBusiness from 2003 through early 2011.



















 she served as Division Controller for Flowers Bakeries Group from 1997 to 2003. Prior to that time
 Ms. Lauder served as a Regional Controller for Flowers Bakeries after serving as Controller and in other accounting supervisory positions at various bakery locations since 1978.



















 Inc.
 Mr. Parr was with The Andersons
 Inc. for 20 years
 where he served as vice president of risk management and food ingredient supply
 and in various leadership positions in accounting
 treasury
 quantitative analysis and purchasing.




















 Mr.&#160;Stone served as Director of Purchasing from 1997 to 2001. From 1995 to mid 1997
 Mr. Stone served as Division Controller for Flowers Bakeries after serving as Regional Controller from 1990 to 1995. Prior to that he served in several management positions including Executive Vice President of Operations and Controller at various bakery locations since joining the company in 1979.



















 Director of Organizational Development
 and Managing Director of Human Resources.

























 of which 47 are owned and two are leased. We believe our properties are in good condition
 well maintained
 and sufficient for our present operations. During fiscal 2016
 DSD Segment facilities
 taken as a whole
 operated moderately above capacity and Warehouse Segment facilities operated moderately below capacity. Our production plant locations are:






























































































































































































































































































































































































 Georgia
 the company leases properties that house our shared services center and information technology group
 and owns our corporate offices.










 See Note 21
 
 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K.






















Market for the Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

















































































































































































































































































































 2017
 there were approximately 3
745 holders of record of our common stock.


 among other things
 general business conditions
 our financial results
 contractual
 legal and regulatory restrictions regarding dividend payments and any other factors the Board may consider relevant.


 2016 (amounts in thousands
 except per share data).













 Warrants and
























































846
















212









































846
















212






 the Board is authorized to grant a variety of stock-based awards
 including stock options
 restricted stock awards and deferred stock
 to its directors and certain of its employees. The number of securities set forth in column (c)&#160;above reflects securities available for issuance as stock options
 restricted stock and deferred stock under the company&#8217;s compensation plans. The number of shares originally available under the Omnibus Plan is 8
000
000&#160;shares. The Omnibus Plan replaced the Flowers Foods&#8217; 2001 Equity and Performance Incentive Plan
 as amended and restated as of April&#160;1
 2009 (&#8220;EPIP&#8221;)
 the Stock Appreciation Rights Plan
 and the Annual Executive Bonus Plan. As a result
 no additional shares will be issued under the EPIP. See Note&#160;16



The Board approved a plan that authorized share repurchases of up to 67.5&#160;million shares of the company&#8217;s common stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;In November 2014
 the Board increased the company&#8217;s share repurchase authorization by 7.1&#160;million shares to a total of 74.6&#160;million shares. At the close of the company&#8217;s fourth quarter on December 31
 2016
 6.8&#160;million shares remained available for repurchase under the existing authorization. Under the plan
 the company may repurchase its common stock in open market or privately 





 2016
 67.8&#160;million shares
 at a cost of $630.4 million
 have been purchased.&nbsp;&nbsp;The following chart sets forth the amounts of our common stock purchased by the company during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 under the stock repurchase plan.













































 2016 &#8212; November 5
 2016






























789
280






 2016 &#8212; December 3
 2016






























789
280






 2016 &#8212; December 31
 2016






























789
280















































 2016 were acquired to satisfy employees&#8217; tax withholding and payment obligations in connection with the vesting of awards of performance share awards
 which are repurchased by the company based on their fair market value on the vesting date.






 Standard&#160;&amp; Poor&#8217;s 500 Index
 Standard&#160;&amp; Poor&#8217;s 500 Packaged Foods and Meats Index
 and Standard&#160;&amp; Poor&#8217;s MidCap 400 Index for the period December 31
 2011 through December 31
 2016
 the last day of our 2016 fiscal year.













































































































































































































































































 the S&amp;P 500 Packaged Foods and Meats Index
 and the S&amp;P MidCap 400&#160;Index are weighted by market capitalization and indexed to $100 at December 31
 2011. Flowers Foods&#8217; share price is also indexed to $100 at December 31
 2011. These prices have been adjusted for stock splits.













 2015
 2014
 2013


 except per share data).






































































































































926
885








778
505








748
973








732
616








031
124












776








191








739








894








121






 Inc. common













































 Inc. common











































































































































761
068








844
051








408
974








504
014








995
849












667








022








459








740








194















 the company adopted new guidance that reclassified debt issuance costs as a reduction to the carrying amount of debt obligations and deferred tax assets and liabilities as one noncurrent amount on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.&nbsp;&nbsp;The table above presents all prior periods revised in accordance with this new guidance.









 $24.9 million of impairment charges
 $10.5 million of accrued legal settlements (including $0.3 million of related tax liabilities) which affect comparability
 the issuance of our $400.0 million senior notes due 2026
 and $1.9 million of debt issuance costs recognized as interest expense (for a loss on extinguishment of debt) at the time we paid off $367.5 million of outstanding indebtedness under two of our term loans.&nbsp;&nbsp;


















 we revised net sales. Historically
 certain immaterial discounts had been recorded as an expense to selling
 distribution and administrative costs. These discounts are now recorded as contra revenue. These revisions were made for all periods presented in the fiscal 2014 Form&#160;10-K.



























 California
 and the Acquired Hostess Bread Assets as of and from the date of each acquisition.

































 including:








 &#8212; provides a summary of our operating performance and cash flows
 industry trends
 and our strategic initiatives.


























Liquidity
 &#8212; an analysis of cash flow
 contractual obligations
 and certain other matters affecting the company&#8217;s financial position.




























































877








771








308


























007










646
















387


















187


















500


























900


























923








694








688





&nbsp;&nbsp;The table below details asset impairments recorded in fiscal 2016
 2015 and 2014
 all of which related to assets of the DSD Segment.&nbsp;&nbsp;In fiscal 2016
 we recorded asset impairment charges for certain trademarks acquired in the Lepage and Acquired Hostess Bread Assets acquisitions
 primarily resulting from a brand rationalization initiative which is part of Project Centennial (discussed below). We also recorded impairments on certain assets held for sale
 which were subsequently sold for proceeds of $7.4 million.&nbsp;&nbsp;Asset impairment charges recorded in fiscal 2015 related to assets held for sale and a production line that we no longer intended to use.&nbsp;&nbsp;During fiscal 2014
 asset impairment charges related to certain assets held for sale and goodwill associated with our tortilla facility in Ft. Worth
 Texas that we sold. 






















































 plant and equipment impairments




877








771








684










000










































624










877








771








308





&nbsp;&nbsp;In fiscal 2016

 Inc. and Flowers Baking Company of Jamestown

 a class action lawsuit

 LLC and CK Sales Co.

 we have accrued $0.3 million of related tax liabilities. These settlements are recorded in our DSD Segment&#8217;s selling
 distribution and administrative expenses in our Consolidated Statements of Income for fiscal 2016.&nbsp;&nbsp;See Note 21





&nbsp;&nbsp;On September 28
 2016
anding under our existing term loan facilities and for general corporate purposes
 including repayment of a portion of our accounts receivable securitization facility (&#8220;the facility&#8221;).&nbsp;&nbsp;Debt issuance costs of $1.9 million associated with the term loan faci
Debt
 Lease and Other Commitments
 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for additional information.


 we partnered with a globally recognized consulting firm to perform an enterprise-wide business and operational review to evaluate opportunities to streamline our operations
 drive efficiencies and invest in strategic capabilities that we believe will strengthen our competitive position and drive profitable revenue growth. We have completed the diagnostic phase of Project Centennial and have begun the implementation phase.&nbsp;&nbsp;Consulting costs associated with the project in fiscal 2016 were $6.3 million and we anticipate costs to be in the range of $25 million to $30 million in fiscal 2017.&nbsp;&nbsp;These costs were and will continue to be reflected in the selling
 distribution and administrative expenses line item of the Consolidated Statements of Income.&nbsp;&nbsp;For additional information regarding Project Centennial
 see the &#8220;Executive Overview&#8221; section below.
&nbsp;&nbsp;At the beginning of fiscal 2016
 the company began offering retired and terminated vested pension plan participants not yet receiving their benefit payments the option to elect to receive their benefit as a single lump sum payment.&nbsp;&nbsp;Lump sum distributions paid during fiscal 2016 triggered settlement charges of $6.6 million for fiscal 2016.&nbsp;&nbsp;Additional settlement charges may be recorded in fiscal 2017 depending on the level of lump sum payment options elected by the eligible plan participants.&nbsp;&nbsp;In fiscal 2014
 the company offered a one-time voluntary lump sum offer which resulted in a $15.4 million settlement loss.&nbsp;&nbsp;See Note 19
 
 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for additional information.
&nbsp;&nbsp;On April 25
 2016
 the beginning of the second quarter of fiscal 2016
 we began the national rollout of our organic
 non-GMO DKB brand on our DSD network.&nbsp;&nbsp;We have completed the launch of the DKB products and as of December 31
 2016 these products were available in over 17
brand
 including sales from the nationwide launch
 were included in acquisition sales until the first anniversary of the acquisition on September 12
 2016.&nbsp;&nbsp;After this date
 these sales were and will continue to be included in core or expansion markets (defined as markets we entered in the last five years) as determined by the market in which they are sold. 


 we completed the conversion of our Tuscaloosa
 Alabama plant to an all-organic production facility.&nbsp;&nbsp;We incurred start-up costs related to the conversion of approximately $2.5 million
 of which $0.3 million is included in depreciation and amortization expense and the remainder is included in materials
 supplies
 labor and other production costs in our Consolidated Statement of Income for fiscal 2016.&nbsp;&nbsp;The plant began producing for the market at the beginning of the second quarter of fiscal 2016.
In fiscal 2016
 we completed an accelerated share repurchase (&#8220;ASR&#8221;) program
 repurchasing 6.5 million shares of our common stock for $120.0 million.&nbsp;&nbsp;The ASR was funded with borrowings from our existing credit facilities and cash on hand.&nbsp;&nbsp;See Note 15
 
 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for additional information. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;On October 13
 2015
 we completed the acquisition of Alpine
 a family-owned producer of certified organic and all-natural breads in the U.S.
 for $121.9 million in cash and stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;Alpine has two production facilities in Mesa
 Arizona and is included in the Warehouse Segment.&nbsp;&nbsp;The acquisition expands our penetration into the organic market and provides additional organic production capacity.&nbsp;&nbsp;We funded the cash portion of the purchase price for the Alpine acquisition with our existing credit facilities and also issued 481
540 shares of our common stock to fund the equity portion of the purchase price.
.&nbsp;&nbsp;On September 12
 2015
 we completed the acquisition of DKB for total cash payments of $282.1 million inclusive of payments for certain tax benefits.&nbsp;&nbsp;We believe the acquisition strengthens our position as the second-largest baker in the U.S. by giving us greater access to the fast growing organic bread category and expanding our geographic reach into the Pacific Northwest. DKB operates one production facility in Milwaukie
 Oregon and is included in the DSD Segment. We funded the purchase price of the DKB acquisition with cash on hand and borrowings from our existing credit facilities.
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The company operates on a 52-53&#160;week fiscal year ending the Saturday nearest December&#160;31. Fiscal 2016 and 2015 consisted of 52&#160;weeks. Fiscal 2014 was 53&#160;weeks.&nbsp;&nbsp;Fiscal 2017 will consist of 52 weeks. The sales impact in our Consolidated Statements of Income for fiscal 2014 week 53 was $63.2 million. The DSD Segment and Warehouse Segment impact of week 53 was $53.4 million and $9.8 million
 respectively
 in fiscal 2014.&nbsp;&nbsp;The impact of week 53 to fiscal 2014 earnings per share was approximately $0.01 per share.





Subsequent to our fiscal year end
 on January 14
 2017
 we completed the sale of our mix plant in Cedar Rapids
 Iowa
 for $44.0 million
 subject to finalizing a working capital adjustment. This resulted in a preliminary gain on sale in the range of approximately $31.0 million to $33.0 million which will be recognized in our results of operations in the first quarter of fiscal 2017.&nbsp;&nbsp;The mix plant was included in the Warehouse Segment.&nbsp;&nbsp;The plant&#8217;s property
 plant and equipment was reflected in assets held for sale in the Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31
 2016.



 buns
 rolls
 snack cakes and tortillas
 as well as frozen breads and rolls.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our business is managed based on delivery method of our products and we have two segments:&nbsp;&nbsp;DSD Segment and Warehouse Segment.&nbsp;&nbsp;We operate 49 plants in 18 states that produce a wide range of breads
 buns
 rolls
 snack cakes
 and tortillas.&nbsp;&nbsp;See Item 1.


 customers and brands
 business strategies
 strengths and core competencies
 and competition and risks.&nbsp;&nbsp;

 Cash Flows and Financial Condition:

 both completed in the second half of fiscal 2015
 and the nationwide launch of the DKB brand in our DSD markets in fiscal 2016.&nbsp;&nbsp;Sales increased 0.8% in fiscal 2015 due to the DKB and Alpine acquisitions
 partially offset by the impact of the additional week in fiscal 2014.

 and increased legal costs attributable to ongoing and additional litigation
 including distributor lawsuits
 and related legal settlements.&nbsp;&nbsp;Additionally
 increased consulting costs and pension settlement losses incurred in the current year negatively impacted net income in fiscal 2016
 partially offset by prior year acquisition-related costs.&nbsp;&nbsp;Fiscal 2015 net income increased 7.7% largely due to both the pension settlement loss and higher asset impairment charges recorded in fiscal 2014
 partially offset by the acquisition-related costs incurred in fiscal 2015.

 we generated net cash flows from operations of $346.0 million.&nbsp;&nbsp;We invested $101.7 million in capital expenditures.&nbsp;&nbsp;We converted certain of our variable rate
 shorter-term debt arrangements to significantly longer-term
 fixed rate debt with the issuance of the 2026 notes and the payoff of our term loans.&nbsp;&nbsp;Additionally
 we extended the maturity of the facility to September 28
 2018 and reduced our total indebtedness $55.6 million.&nbsp;&nbsp;In fiscal 2016
 we repurchased 6.9 million shares of our common stock for $126.3 million and paid $131.1 million in dividends to our shareholders.&nbsp;&nbsp;In fiscal 2015
 we generated $318.3 million in net cash flows from operations
 paid $390.2 million for the cash portion of the DKB and Alpine acquisitions
 invested in capital expenditures of $90.8 million
 paid dividends of $120.4 million and increased our net borrowings $247.0 million.


 2015 and 2016 (year ago &#8211; &#8220;YA&#8221;):

















































We anticipate our growth will be driven by our organic bread brands
 partially offset by softer demand for some of our other product offerings.









Reinvigorating the core business &#8211; by refocusing and investing in core brands
 streamlining our product portfolio and enhancing our partnership with independent distributors. 








Capitalizing on product adjacencies &#8211; by focusing on growing segments of the bakery category
 such as foodservice
 in-store bakery
 impulse items and healthy snacks. 



















 provide additional tools to the independent distributors to enable them to grow their businesses
 reduce costs of purchased goods and services and put in place a more efficient operating model.


 which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (&#8220;GAAP&#8221;). The preparation of these financial statements requires the company to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses
 and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of the revenues
 expenses
 and cash flows during the reporting period. On an ongoing basis
 the company evaluates its estimates
 including those related to customer programs and incentives
 bad debts
 raw materials
 inventories
 long-lived assets
 intangible assets
 income taxes
 restructuring
 pensions and other post-retirement benefits
 and contingencies and litigation. The company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances
 the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates.



 in no particular order of importance
 areas of critical assumptions and estimates used in the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements.&nbsp;&nbsp;Additional detail can be found in the following notes:













































































































&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The company recognizes revenue from the sale of its products when title and risk of loss pass to the customer or consumer. The company records both direct and estimated reductions to gross revenue for customer programs and incentive offerings at the time the incentive is offered or at the time of revenue recognition for the underlying transaction that results in progress by the customer towards earning the incentive. These allowances include price promotion discounts
 coupons
 customer rebates
 cooperative advertising
 and product returns. Price promotion discount expense is recorded as a reduction to gross sales when 



the discounted product is sold to the customer. If market conditions were to decline
fferings
 possibly resulting in an incremental reduction of revenue.
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The company&#8217;s cost of primary raw materials is highly correlated to certain commodities markets. Commodities
 such as our baking ingredients
 experience price fluctuations. If actual market conditions become significantly different than those anticipated
 raw material prices could increase significantly
 adversely affecting our results of operations. We enter into forward purchase agreements and other derivative financial instruments qualifying for hedge accounting to manage the impact of volatility in raw material prices. The company measures the fair value of its derivative portfolio using fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the principal market for that asset or liability. When quoted market prices for identical assets or liabilities are not available
 the company bases fair value on internally developed models that use current market observable inputs
 such as exchange-quoted futures prices and yield curves.


 plant and equipment
 goodwill and intangible assets in accordance with applicable accounting standards when
 based on certain indicators of impairment
 it believes such assets have experienced a decline in value that is other than temporary. Future adverse changes in market conditions or poor operating results of these underlying assets could result in losses or an inability to recover the carrying value of the asset that may not be reflected in the asset&#8217;s current carrying value
 thereby possibly requiring impairment charges in the future. Impairment charges recorded in fiscal 2016
 2015 and 2014 are discussed above in the &#8220;Matters Affecting Comparability&#8221; section. 

 or reporting unit
 with which the goodwill is associated. Our reporting units are at the segment level. Each segment consists of several components. These components are aggregated by their respective delivery method into the Warehouse Segment and DSD Segment. These segments rely on reciprocal baking among their components
 cross-selling their products/brands within the segment
 and utilizing the same delivery method. Marketing
 research and development and capital projects are measured at the segment level. We believe these factors support our reporting unit classifications. This fair value is compared to the carrying value of the reporting unit
 and if less than the carrying value
 the goodwill is evaluated for potential impairment under step two. Under step two of this calculation
 goodwill is measured for potential impairment by comparing the implied fair value of the reporting unit&#8217;s goodwill
 determined in the same manner as a business combination
 with the carrying amount of the goodwill.

 revenue growth rates
 operating margins
 discount rates
 and EBITDA (defined as earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization). Our estimates can significantly affect the outcome of the test. We perform the fair value assessment using the income and market approach. We use this data to complete a separate fair value analysis for each reporting unit. Changes in our forecasted operating results and other assumptions could materially affect these estimates. This test is performed in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year unless circumstances require this analysis to be completed sooner. The income approach is tested using a sensitivity analysis to changes in the discount rate and yield a sufficient buffer to significant variances in our estimates. The estimated fair values of our reporting units exceeded our carrying values in excess of $500 million in each reporting unit in fiscal 2016. Based on management&#8217;s evaluation
 other than the $2.6 million impairment loss related to our Ft. Worth
 Texas tortilla facility discussed above
 no other impairment charges relating to goodwill were recorded for the fiscal years 2016
 2015
 or 2014. 

 the company has acquired trademarks
 customer lists
 and non-compete agreements
 a portion of which are amortizable. The company evaluates these assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. The undiscounted future cash flows of each intangible asset are compared to the carrying amount
 and if less than the carrying value
 the intangible asset is written down to the extent the carrying amount exceeds the fair value. The fair value is computed using the same approach described above for goodwill and includes the same risks and estimates. The fair value of the trademarks could be less than our carrying value if any of our four material assumptions in our fair value analysis: (a)&#160;weighted average cost of capital; (b)&#160;long-term sales growth rates; (c)&#160;forecasted operating margins; and (d)&#160;market multiples do not meet our expectations
 thereby requiring us to record an asset impairment. We use the multi-period excess earnings and relief from royalty methods to value these intangibles. The method used for impairment testing purposes is consistent with the valuation method employed at acquisition of the intangible asset. Based on management&#8217;s evaluation
 no impairment charges relating to amortizable intangible assets were recorded for the fiscal years 2016
 2015
 or 2014.
As of December 31
 2016
 the company also owns $243.0 million of trademarks acquired in acquisitions that are indefinite-lived intangible assets not subject to amortization. The company evaluates the recoverability by comparing the fair value to the carrying 



value of these intangible assets on an annual basis or at a time when events occur that indicate the carrying value may be impaired. In addition
 indefinite life. The fair value is compared to the carrying value of the intangible asset
 and if less than the carrying value
 the intangible asset is written down to fair value. As discussed above
 during fiscal 2016
iscal 2017. During fiscal 2015
 in conjunction with the DKB and Alpine acquisitions
y
 and therefore is deemed to have a finite life.&nbsp;&nbsp;We began amortizing this trademark in fiscal 2015.

 it could adversely impact the carrying value of the brands. The fair value of the trademarks could be less than our carrying value if any of our four material assumptions in our fair value analysis: (a)&#160;weighted average cost of capital; (b)&#160;long-term sales growth rates; (c)&#160;forecasted operating margins; and (d)&#160;market multiples do not meet our expectations
 thereby requiring us to record an asset impairment.&nbsp;&nbsp;Impairment charges recorded for indefinite-lived intangible assets for fiscal 2016
 2015 and 2014 are described above in the &#8220;Matters Affecting Comparability&#8221; section. 

 there may be additional impairments related to these brands.
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;We are self-insured for various levels of general liability
 auto liability
 workers&#8217; compensation
 and employee medical and dental coverage. Insurance reserves are calculated on an undiscounted basis and are based on actual claim data and estimates of incurred but not reported claims developed utilizing historical claim trends. Projected settlements and incurred but not reported claims are estimated based on pending claims and historical trends and data. Though the company does not expect them to do so
 actual settlements and claims could differ materially from those estimated. Material differences in actual settlements and claims could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The annual tax rate is based on our income
 statutory tax rates
 and tax planning opportunities available to us in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. Changes in statutory rates and tax laws in jurisdictions in which we operate may have a material effect on the annual tax rate. The effect of these changes
 if any
 would be recognized when the change takes place.

 deferred tax assets and liabilities
 and reserve for uncertain tax benefits reflect our best assessment of future taxes to be paid in the jurisdictions in which we operate. The company records a valuation allowance to reduce its deferred tax assets if we believe it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred assets will not be realized. While the company considers future taxable income and ongoing prudent and feasible tax strategies in assessing the need for a valuation allowance
 if these estimates and assumptions change in the future
 the company may be required to adjust its valuation allowance
 which could result in a charge to
 or an increase in
 income in the period such determination is made.&nbsp;&nbsp;The company has a deferred tax asset of $4.1 million related to a federal capital loss carryforward.&nbsp;&nbsp;No valuation allowance has been recorded against the asset as we expect to fully utilize the benefit against the capital gain generated by the sale of our mix plant in Cedar Rapids
 Iowa that occurred on January 14
 2017.

 we face audits from federal and state tax authorities
 which can result in challenges regarding the timing and amount of income or deductions. We provide reserves for potential exposures when we consider it more likely than not that a taxing authority may take a sustainable position on a matter contrary to our position. We evaluate these reserves on a quarterly basis to ensure that they have been appropriately adjusted for events
 including audit settlements that may impact the ultimate payment of such potential exposures. While the ultimate outcome of audits cannot be predicted with certainty
 we do not currently believe that current or future audits will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition or results of operations. The company is no longer subject to federal examination for years prior to fiscal 2015.
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The company records pension costs and benefit obligations related to its defined benefit plans based on actuarial valuations. These valuations reflect key assumptions determined by management
 including the discount rate
 expected long-term rate of return on plan assets and mortality. Material changes in pension costs and in benefit obligations may occur in the future due to experience that is different than assumed and changes in these assumptions.



Effective January&#160;1
 2006
 the company curtailed its largest defined benefit plan (&#8220;Plan No.&#160;1&#8221;) that covered the majority of its workforce. Benefits under this plan are frozen
 will accrue under this plan. The company assumed sponsorship of two defined benefit plans as part of the ButterKrust acquisition (2008)&#160;and a qualified defined benefit plan as part of the Tasty acquisition (2011); benefits under these plans are frozen
d no future benefits will accrue under these plans. The ButterKrust plans and the Tasty plan were merged into Plan No.&#160;1 effective December&#160;31
&#160;2011 and December&#160;31
&#160;2012
 respectively. In addition to Plan No.&#160;1
 the company sponsors an ongoing defined ben

 2016
 the company began providing retired and terminated vested pension plan participants who have not yet started their payments the option to receive their benefit as a single lump sum payment.&nbsp;&nbsp;Participants can elect this option when they retire or when they leave the company.&nbsp;&nbsp;This change supports our long-term pension risk management strategy. Lump sum payments made in 2016 triggered $6.6 million of settlement charges.&nbsp;&nbsp;Depending on the level of lump sum payments made
 additional settlement charges may be recorded in 2017.

 2015 and 2014 as detailed in the table below (amounts in thousands).&nbsp;&nbsp;Settlement charges in fiscal 2016 and 2014 were triggered by lump sums paid during those fiscal years. We expect pension income of approximately $5.0 million on our qualified defined benefit plans and nonqualified plan for fiscal 2017 excluding any potential settlement losses.&nbsp;&nbsp;


















































451








788








825










646
















387










195








788








562






 we refined the method used to estimate service cost and interest cost components of net periodic benefit costs.&nbsp;&nbsp;Historically
 we estimated the service cost and interest cost components using a single weighted average discount rate derived from the yield curve used to measure the benefit obligation at the beginning of the period.&nbsp;&nbsp;Currently
 we use a spot rate approach to estimate these components of benefit cost by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve to the relevant projected cash flows
 as we believe this provides a better estimate of service and interest costs.&nbsp;&nbsp;We considered this a change in estimate and accordingly
 accounted for it on a prospective basis beginning in 2016.&nbsp;&nbsp;This change does not affect the measurement of our total benefit obligation.&nbsp;&nbsp;Refining the method used to estimate service cost and interest cost components of net periodic benefit cost reduced total fiscal 2016 cost by approximately $3.2 million.

 the company considers the plan assets&#8217; historical actual returns
 targeted asset allocations
 and the anticipated future economic environment and long-term performance of individual asset classes
 based on the company&#8217;s investment strategy. While appropriate consideration is given to recent and historical investment performance
 the assumption represents management&#8217;s best estimate of the long-term prospective return. Based on these factors
 the long-term rate of return assumption for the plans was set at 8.0% for fiscal 2016
 as compared with the average annual return on the plans&#8217; assets over the past 15&#160;years of approximately 6.9% (net of expenses) with consistently similar asset allocations. The returns over the last five years of 8.5% have exceeded our expected return on asset estimates.&nbsp;&nbsp;We believe our asset allocation will meet our return estimates over time consistent with past performance and historical asset allocations.&nbsp;&nbsp;The plan has an average annual rate of return since inception in 1987 of 8.9% (net of expenses). The expected long-term rate of return assumption is based on a target asset allocation of 40-60% equity securities
 10-40% fixed income securities
 0-25% real estate
 0-40% other diversifying strategies (including
 absolute return funds
 hedged equity funds
 and guaranteed insurance contracts)
 and 0-25% short-term investments and cash. The company regularly reviews such allocations and periodically rebalances the plan assets to the targeted allocation when considered appropriate. Pension costs do not include an explicit expense assumption and the return on assets rate reflects the long-term expected return
 net of expenses. For the details of our pension plan assets
 see&#160;Note 19
 
 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K.
The company utilizes the Society of Actuaries&#8217; (&#8220;SOA&#8221;) published mortality tables and improvement scales in developing their best estimates of mortality. In October 2014
 the SOA published final reports on their &#8220;standard&#8221; mortality table (&#8220;RP-2014&#8221;) and mortality improvement scale (&#8220;MP-2014&#8221;).&nbsp;&nbsp;In 2016
 the SOA published a revised mortality improvement scale (&#8220;MP-2016&#8221;).&nbsp;&nbsp;Based on an evaluation of the information released in 2016
 the company updated the mortality assumptions for purposes of measuring pension benefit obligations at year-end 2016. The company will continue to use the standard mortality tables and mortality improvement scale with adjustments to the base table as applicable: 30% adjustment for Plan No. 1
 blue collar adjustment for Plan No. 2 and no adjustment for the nonqualified plan.&nbsp;&nbsp;Based on an analysis of the most recent five years of actual experience for Plan No. 1 population of retirees (2011-2015)
 actual deaths are higher than expected based on the RP-2016 table.&nbsp;&nbsp;The resulting adjustment factor to be applied to the standard mortality rates is 30% for the RP-2016 table
 meaning that standard mortality rates were increased 



rience.&nbsp;&nbsp;Plan No. 2 is made up of union participants (or former union participants); therefore
 blue collar adjustments can be applied to the RP-2016 table.&nbsp;&nbsp;The change to the mortality assumption decreased the year-end pension benefit obligations by $20.2

 &#8220;market related&#8221; values
 or other modeling techniques. Plan asset gains or losses in a given year are included with other actuarial gains and losses due to remeasurement of the plans&#8217; projected benefit obligations (&#8220;PBO&#8221;). If the total unrecognized gain or loss exceeds 10% of the larger of (i)&#160;the PBO or (ii)&#160;the market value of plan assets
 the excess of the total unrecognized gain or loss is amortized over the expected average future lifetime of participants in the frozen pension plans. Prior service cost or credit
 which represents the effect on plan liabilities due to plan amendments
 is amortized over the average remaining service period of active covered employees. The total unrecognized loss and prior service cost in accumulated other comprehensive income (&#8220;AOCI&#8221;) as of December&#160;31
 2016 for the pension plans the company sponsors is $138.7&#160;million. Amortization of this unrecognized loss and prior service cost during fiscal 2017 is expected to be approximately $6.8&#160;million. To the extent that this unrecognized loss and prior service cost is subsequently recognized
 the loss will increase the company&#8217;s pension costs in the future.


















































































530








038


















 the company does not anticipate making any contributions to our qualified pension plans
 but does expect to pay $0.3 million in nonqualified pension benefits from corporate assets.
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Stock-based compensation expense for all share-based payment awards granted is determined based on the grant date fair value. The company recognizes these compensation costs net of an estimated forfeiture rate
 and recognizes compensation cost only for those shares expected to vest on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the award
 which is generally the vesting term of the share-based payment award.

 respectively.&nbsp;&nbsp;See Note 16
 
 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for additional information. 

 which will vest 100% on the fourth anniversary of the date of grant provided the CEO remains employed by the company during this time. This award is being expensed on a straight line basis over the four year vesting period.
&#160;&#160;The company and its subsidiaries from time to time are parties to
 or targets of
 lawsuits
 claims
 investigations and proceedings
 including personal injury
 commercial
 contract
 environmental
 antitrust
 product liability
 health and safety and employment matters
 including lawsuits related to the independent distributors
 which are being handled and defended in the ordinary course of business.&nbsp;&nbsp;Loss contingencies are recorded at the time it is probable an asset is impaired or a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated.&nbsp;&nbsp;For litigation claims
 the company considers the degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome and the ability to make a reasonable estimate of the loss.&nbsp;&nbsp;Losses are recorded in selling
 distribution and administrative expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 





 expressed as a percentage of sales
 are set forth below for fiscal 2016 and 2015 (by segment):






























































































































 except percentages)
































































284
177








179
348
























829




















708








157
























551




















926
885








778
505
























380














 supplies
 labor and other




























































569
861








532
738
























123




















506








415
























091




















026
367








963
153
























214














 distribution and administrative



























































308
935








224
677
























258




















599








742
























857




















702








108
























406




















464
236








381
527
























709








































































009








801
























208




















138








734
























404




















































082


















869








175
























694
















































































































































































646
































646


















646
































646






































































877








771
























106


























































































































877








771
























106






































































495








361
























866




















465








266
























199




















070








748
























678




















890








879
























989














 net






353








848
























505




















761








840
























079




















776








191
























415




















293








411
























118
































The company&#8217;s results of operations
 expressed as a percentage of sales
 are set forth below for fiscal 2015 and 2014 (by segment):






























































































































 except percentages)
































































179
348








155
607
























741




















157








366
























791




















778
505








748
973
























532














 supplies
 labor and other




























































532
738








515
536
























202




















415








097
























682




















963
153








950
633
























520














 distribution and administrative



























































224
677








231
651
























974




















742








652
























090




















108








986
























122




















381
527








368
289
























238








































































801








881
























920




















734








166
























568






































































175








961
























214
























































































































































































387
























387


























387
























387






































































771








308
























537


























































































































771








308
























537






































































361








231
























130




















266








451
























815




















748








287












































879








395
























484














 net






848








341
























493




















840








315
























525




















191








739
























452




















411








234
























177











































































































































































282
892
















151
514




























523
















827




























061
470
















055
164




























926
885
















778
505























































































 partially offset by positive pricing/mix in the branded retail category.&nbsp;&nbsp;Branded retail sales increased due to the contribution from the DKB and Alpine acquisitions
 the national rollout of the DKB brand
 sales growth in our expansion markets (defined as new markets we entered into in the last five years) and positive pricing/mix.&nbsp;&nbsp;Partially offsetting the increase was softer sales for other branded retail products
 most significantly branded soft variety bread
 due to softness in the packaged bread category and reductions in the company&#8217;s promotional activities in the first half of fiscal 2016.&nbsp;&nbsp;Increases in sales of store branded variety bread
 cake and buns and rolls resulted in the increase in the store branded retail category.&nbsp;&nbsp;The modest increase in non-retail and other sales
 which include contract manufacturing
 vending and foodservice
 was primarily due to volume increases in foodservice and vending
 mostly offset by decreases in pricing/mix.







































































































































113
595
















011
433




























705
















467




























877
















448




























284
177
















179
348






















































































Sales from the DKB acquisition drove the overall sales increase in the DSD Segment
 partially offset by softer volume for other products due to the company&#8217;s reduced promotional activity in the first half of fiscal 2016 and overall softness in the packaged bread category.&nbsp;&nbsp;Branded retail sales increased due to the contribution from the DKB acquisition
 the national rollout of the DKB brand
 



sales growth in our expansion markets and positive pricing/mix.&nbsp;&nbsp;Softer volume for other branded retail products
 the largest decline in branded soft variety bread
ther sales
 which include contract manufacturing
 vending and foodservice
 was primarily due to volume declines. 









































































































































297
















081




























818
















360




























593
















716




























708
















157























































































 volume growth in the non-retail and other category
 partially offset by negative pricing/mix.&nbsp;&nbsp;Pricing/mix declined largely due to lower foodservice pricing.&nbsp;&nbsp;Branded retail sales increased due to the Alpine acquisition and less significantly to growth in bakery deli sales
 partially offset by declines in branded cake.&nbsp;&nbsp;Increases in sales of store branded cake drove the increase in the store branded retail category.&nbsp;&nbsp;The increase in non-retail and other sales
 which include contract manufacturing
 vending and foodservice
 was mainly due to growth in foodservice sales
 due to new foodservice products for certain of our customers
 and in vending
 partially offset by negative pricing/mix.
Materials
 Supplies
 Labor
 and Other Production Costs (exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately; as a percent of sales)








































































































































































































Ingredient costs were lower as a percent of sales mainly due to lower prices for non-organic flour
 oils and eggs and increased outside purchases of product (sales with no associated ingredient costs)
 partially offset by increases in sweetener prices and increased purchases of higher priced organic ingredients due to the DKB and Alpine acquisitions.&nbsp;&nbsp;Outside purchases of products are included in the other line item above and the increase largely relates to purchases of certain DKB products from co-manufacturers due to capacity constraints and to a lesser extent outside purchases for other products. As of the end of fiscal 2016
 outside purchases of product had decreased considerably because of the additional organic production capacity provided by the Alpine plant and the Tuscaloosa
 Alabama plant
 which began producing organic bread at the beginning of the second quarter of fiscal 2016.&nbsp;&nbsp;The increase in workforce-related costs as a percent of sales was mainly due to wage increases on softer non-acquisition related sales and costs associated with the organic plant conversion
 partially offset by increases in outside purchases of product (sales with no associated 





 such as our baking ingredients
 periodically experience price fluctuations. The cost of these inputs may fluctuate widely due to government policy and regulation
 weather conditions
 domestic and international demand
 or other unforeseen circumstances. We enter into forward purchase agreements and other derivative financial instruments in an effort to manage the impact of such volatility in raw material prices. Any decrease in the availability of these agreements and instruments could increase the effective price of these raw materials to us and significantly affect our earnings.









































































































































































































 oils and eggs
 and increases in purchases of product from the Warehouse Segment and from co-manufacturers due to capacity constraints (sales with no associated ingredient costs)
 partially offset by higher sweetener prices.&nbsp;&nbsp;The increase in the other line item reflects these product purchases
 largely for certain DKB products.&nbsp;&nbsp;As discussed above
 by the end of fiscal 2016
 outside purchases for the DKB products had declined significantly due to the added production capacity provided by our Tuscaloosa
 Alabama plant and the Alpine plant in the Warehouse Segment.&nbsp;&nbsp;Wage increases on lower non-acquisition related sales and costs related to converting the Tuscaloosa
 Alabama plant to an organic facility
 drove the increase in workforce-related costs as a percent of sales
 partially offset by increased outside and intercompany purchases of product (sales with no associated workforce-related costs).&nbsp;&nbsp;









































































































































































































 price increases for sweeteners and increased sales of product to the DSD Segment (ingredient costs with no associated sales).&nbsp;&nbsp;Partially offsetting the increase was lower prices for non-organic flour
 eggs and oil and increases in outside purchases of product (sales with no associated ingredient costs).&nbsp;&nbsp;Packaging costs decreased as a percent of sales primarily due to significantly lower packaging costs for Alpine products relative to the Warehouse Segment as a whole and lower paperboard prices.&nbsp;&nbsp;The other line item reflects the increased intercompany sales of product to the DSD Segment
 largely the DKB products
 somewhat offset by the increase in outside purchases of product.



Selling
 Distribution and Administrative Expenses (as a percent of sales)

















































































































































 partially offset by lower employee incentive costs.&nbsp;&nbsp;The distributor distribution fees decrease correlates to the increase in workforce-related costs.&nbsp;&nbsp;Significantly higher legal and consulting costs as well as increased marketing for the DKB and Alpine brands caused the increase in the other line item component
 partially offset by prior year acquisition-related costs of $6.2 million.&nbsp;&nbsp;Legal costs increased primarily due to the ongoing and additional distributor lawsuits
 and two legal settlements totaling $10.25 million recorded in the current year.&nbsp;&nbsp;See Note 21
 
 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for additional information.&nbsp;&nbsp;As discussed in the &#8220;Matters Affecting Comparability&#8221; section above
 consulting costs associated with Project Centennial were $6.3 million in the current year and we expect these costs to significantly increase in fiscal 2017.&nbsp;&nbsp;

















































































































































 and increased corporate overhead charges to the DSD Segment.














































































































































































 mainly attributable to promotional spending for the Alpine brand
 as well as increased corporate overhead charges to the Warehouse Segment.





and fourth quarter of fiscal 2015
 respectively.&nbsp;&nbsp;We expect amortization expense to be $3.0 million higher in fiscal 2017 primarily due to reclassifying $156.0 million of indefinite-lived trademarks to finite-lived at the en

 partially offset by lower depreciation expense.





 respectively
 related to assets in the DSD Segment.&nbsp;&nbsp;Refer to the 















































































































 increased legal costs and related settlements
 and higher corporate overhead charges in the current year as compared to the prior year. The Warehouse Segment&#8217;s operating income was relatively consistent with the prior year as a percent of sales. The favorable change in unallocated corporate expenses was mostly due to increased overhead charges to the segments in the current year and $6.2 million of acquisition-related costs incurred in the prior year
 partially offset by pension plan settlement losses of $6.6 million and Project Centennial consulting costs both incurred in the current year.&nbsp;&nbsp;In the prior year
 unanticipated legal costs were not allocated to the segments
 but instead were absorbed at the corporate level.


 we expensed $1.9 million of debt issuance costs associated with our existing term loans that were paid off prior to maturity with the proceeds from the issuance of the 2026 notes.&nbsp;&nbsp;


 respectively.&nbsp;&nbsp;The decrease in the rate was primarily related to an increase in the Section 199 qualifying production activities benefit.&nbsp;&nbsp;The most significant differences in the effective rate and the statutory rate were additions for state income taxes and the benefit for Section 199 qualifying production activities deduction. Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) guidance requiring tax windfalls and shortfalls related to employee share-based payment awards to be recognized as income tax expense (benefit) at vesting of these awards will be effective for the company as of the beginning of fiscal 2017.&nbsp;&nbsp;During the first quarter of fiscal 2017
 we anticipate a tax shortfall of $3.0 million to $3.3 million to be recognized as income tax expense in the Consolidated Financial Statements upon the vesting of our performance-based share-based payment awards.&nbsp;&nbsp;





 partially offset by changes in the fair value of derivative instruments. 









































































































































151
514
















102
028




























827
















617




























055
164
















038
328




























778
505
















748
973



































































































 sales increased in fiscal 2015 due primarily to the DKB and Alpine acquisitions and volume growth in both the branded retail and non-retail categories.&nbsp;&nbsp;These increases were partially offset by the impact of the additional week in fiscal 2014 which affected all categories
 and volume declines in the store branded retail category.&nbsp;&nbsp;The increase in branded retail sales was due primarily to the DKB and Alpine acquisition contribution
 volume increases from the re-introduction of the brands we acquired as part of the Acquired Hostess Bread Assets and growth in our expansion markets (defined as new markets we entered into in the last five years)
 partially offset by the impact of the additional week in fiscal 2014.&nbsp;&nbsp;The decrease in store branded retail sales was due primarily to volume decreases from certain exited business
 a shift to branded products and the impact of the additional week in fiscal 2014.&nbsp;&nbsp;The increase in non-retail and other sales
 which include contract manufacturing
 vending and foodservice
 was largely due to significant volume increases in foodservice. The increase was partially offset by volume declines in contract manufacturing due to exiting the non-retail tortilla business in the second half of fiscal 2014
 as well as declines in pricing/mix and the impact of the additional week in fiscal 2014. 







































































































































011
433
















971
851




























467
















886




























448
















870




























179
348
















155
607






































































































 partially offset by the impact of the additional week in fiscal 2014.&nbsp;&nbsp;The decrease in store branded retail sales was due primarily to volume decreases from certain exited business
 the impact of the additional week in fiscal 2014 and a shift to branded products.&nbsp;&nbsp;The increase in non-retail and other sales
 which include contract manufacturing
 vending and foodservice
 was largely due to volume increases in foodservice
 partially offset by the impact of the additional week in fiscal 2014.







































































































































081
















177




























360
















731




























716
















458




























157
















366



































































































 partially offset by the impact of the additional week in fiscal 2014.&nbsp;&nbsp;Store branded retail sales decreased due to significant volume declines in store branded cake and the impact of the additional week in the prior year.&nbsp;&nbsp;The increase in non-retail and other sales
 which include contract manufacturing
 vending and foodservice (including tortillas)
 was due primarily to significant volume increases in foodservice sales
 partially offset by declines in contract manufacturing due to exiting the non-retail tortilla business in the second half of fiscal 2014
 lower mix sales and the impact of the additional week in the prior year.



Materials
 Supplies
 Labor
 and Other Production Costs (exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately; as









































































































































































































 decreases in carrying costs
 excluding depreciation
 associated with the acquired Hostess facilities acquired as part of the Acquired Hostess Bread Assets
 as well as
 improved manufacturing efficiencies were offset by higher costs as a percent of sales for the acquired companies and higher workforce-related costs as a percent of sales. Ingredient costs decreased as a percent of sales largely due to lower prices for flour
 sweeteners and oils and increases in outside purchases of product (sales with no associated ingredient costs)
 partially offset by higher egg prices and higher costs for the organic ingredients.&nbsp;&nbsp;This outside purchased product is included in the other line item above and largely relates to purchases of DKB products from co-manufacturers due to capacity constraints and higher outside purchases of product for the Warehouse Segment. Increases in workforce-related costs as a percent of sales primarily resulted from higher employee incentive costs and the incremental costs of adding productions lines
 partially offset by increases in outside purchases of product (sales with no associated workforce-related costs).

 such as our baking ingredients
 periodically experience price fluctuations. The cost of these inputs may fluctuate widely due to government policy and regulation
 weather conditions
 domestic and international demand
 or other unforeseen circumstances. We enter into forward purchase agreements and other derivative financial instruments in an effort to manage the impact of such volatility in raw material prices. Any decrease in the availability of these agreements and instruments could increase the effective price of these raw materials to us and significantly affect our earnings.









































































































































































































 sweeteners and oils for core bakeries
 decreases in sales of product to the Warehouse Segment (ingredient costs with no associated sales)
 increases in outside purchases of product (sales with no associated ingredient cost) and lower stales.&nbsp;&nbsp;Higher costs for DKB&#8217;s organic ingredients and higher egg prices partially offset the ingredient decrease.&nbsp;&nbsp;Workforce-related costs increased as a percent of sales primarily due to additional production lines and higher employee incentive costs
 partially offset by decreased sales of product to the Warehouse Segment (workforce-related costs with no associated sales). The increase in the other line item is mainly due to decreases in sales of product to the Warehouse Segment
 mainly the non-retail tortilla products
 and increases in outside purchases of product
 largely certain DKB products due to capacity constraints.












































































































































































































 sweeteners
 oils and cocoa for core bakeries and increases in outside purchases of product (sales with no associated ingredient costs). Higher egg prices
 decreased product purchases from the DSD Segment (sales with no associated ingredient costs) and higher ingredient costs for Alpine partially offset the ingredient decrease. Workforce-related costs increased as a percent of sales mainly due to increased headcount
 decreased purchases of product from the DSD Segment (sales with no associated workforce-related costs) and higher employee incentive costs. The increase in packaging was due primarily to price increases. The decrease in the other line item is primarily due to decreased purchases of product from the DSD Segment
 largely the tortilla products for the non-retail tortilla business we exited in fiscal 2014
 partially offset by increases in outside purchases of product.
Selling
 Distribution and Administrative Expenses (as a percent of sales)

















































































































































 improvements at Lepage and cost saving initiatives we have implemented
 partially offset by higher employee incentive costs and lower pension income. The majority of the acquisition sales were distributed via warehouse delivery which carries a lower cost structure than direct-store-delivery. Acquisition-related costs of $6.2 million
 as well as higher legal and consulting costs in fiscal 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014 caused the majority of the increase in the other line item component.
















































































































































 conversions to independent distributors in newer markets
 improvements at Lepage and implementing cost saving initiatives
 partially offset by higher employee incentive costs. The majority of the DKB products were distributed via warehouse delivery in fiscal 2015.&nbsp;&nbsp;This resulted in distributor distribution fees remaining consistent with the prior fiscal year as a percent of sales. 
















































































































































































 higher marketing costs as a percent of sales drove the increase in the other line item
 mainly attributable to marketing initiatives for the Alpine products.



 partially offset by lower depreciation expense.





 respectively. Refer to the 
















































































































 lower ingredient costs and lower asset impairment charges in the current year as compared to the prior year. The Warehouse Segment&#8217;s favorable increase was largely attributable to exiting the lower margin non-retail tortilla business in the second half of fiscal 2014
 partially offset by higher selling
 distribution and administrative costs as a percent of sales. The favorable decrease in the unallocated corporate expense was largely due to the $15.4 million pension plan settlement loss recorded in fiscal 2014
 mostly offset by $6.2 million of acquisition-related costs
 higher legal and consulting costs and lower pension income in fiscal 2015.





 as well as
 higher interest income in fiscal 2015 due to higher average distributor notes receivable outstanding year over year.&nbsp;&nbsp;


 respectively.&nbsp;&nbsp;The increase in the rate was primarily related to a reduction in the Section 199 qualifying production activities deduction and certain nondeductible acquisition-related costs.&nbsp;&nbsp;The most significant differences in the effective rate and the statutory rate were related to additions for state income taxes
 partially offset by reductions for the Section 199 qualifying production activities deduction. 



 CAPITAL RESOURCES AND FINANCIAL POSITION


 we strive to maintain a conservative financial position aiming to achieve this through prudent debt reduction and share repurchase programs.&nbsp;&nbsp;We believe having a conservative financial position allows us flexibility to make investments and acquisitions and is a strategic competitive advantage.&nbsp;&nbsp;Currently
 our liquidity needs arise primarily from working capital requirements
 capital expenditures
 pension contributions and obligated debt repayments.&nbsp;&nbsp;We believe we currently have access to available funds and financing sources to meet our short and long-term capital requirements.&nbsp;&nbsp;The company&#8217;s strategy for use of its excess cash flows includes:





































 after the initial lease term
 either to purchase the property at the then fair value or renew the lease at the then fair value. The capital leases provide the company with the option to purchase the property at a fixed price at the end of the lease term. The company believes the use of leases as a financing alternative places the company in a more favorable position to fulfill its long-term strategy for the use of its cash flow. See Note&#160;12


 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form&#160;10-K for detailed financial information regarding the company&#8217;s lease arrangements.

 capital resources and financial position in Fiscal 2016 and 2015:


















We issued $400.0 million of the 2026 notes that mature on October 1
 2026.
























































We continued our pension de-risking strategy by offering pension plan participants who have not yet started receiving their payments
 the option to receive their benefit as a single lump sum payment.



























We acquired Alpine for $109.3 in cash and 481
540 shares of our common stock.





























 2016
 $14.4&#160;million at January 2
 2016 and $7.5 million at January 3
 2015. The cash and cash equivalents were derived from the activities presented in the table below (amounts in thousands):


































044








301








183












047








576








526












965








130








664












968








855








007








































869








175








961












761








692








662












877








771








308












457








293








241













238








878








341












039








297








033












327








350








546








































Changes in pension and postretirement plan (benefit) expense were primarily due to settlement losses of $6.6 million and $15.4&#160;million in fiscal 2016 and 2014
 respectively.&nbsp;&nbsp;There were no settlement losses recorded in fiscal 2015.









































 net






888








873








181






 net






526








717








977






 net






592








818




















107








899








337




















563








951












389








504








995












000








000








999












941








240








102






















Refer to Note 19
Postretirement Plans
 

 we anticipate making payments of approximately $17.8 million
 including our share of employment taxes
 in performance-based cash awards under our bonus plan. During fiscal 2016 and 2015
 the company paid $25.6 million and $16.4 million
 respectively
 including our share of employment taxes
 in performance-based cash awards under the company&#8217;s bonus plan. An additional $0.4 million and $1.5 million for our share of employment taxes on the vesting of the performance-contingent restricted stock award was also paid during fiscal 2016 and 2015
 respectively.&nbsp;&nbsp;
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The table below presents net cash disbursed for investing activities for fiscal 2016
 2015 and 2014 (amounts in thousands):




























 plant
 and equipment






727








773








778












350








768








198












272








023








103






 net of cash acquired














221




































500






 plant and equipment






667








324








303




















000




















091




























047








576








526
















































669








148








454












792








596








468













Cash payments for the DKB acquisition of $282.1 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2015 and for the Alpine acquisition of $109.3&#160;million in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 were funded from cash on hand and drawdowns from our existing credit facilities.&nbsp;&nbsp;Additionally
 we acquired the 








In fiscal 2014
 California acquisition. See Note 8
 
 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for more details on the acquisitions that occurred during the reporting periods. 








Proceeds from the sale of property
 plant and equipment in fiscal 2016
 2015 and 2014 were primarily related to the sale of certain idle plants
 depots and equipment acquired in the Acquired Hostess Bread Assets acquisition as well as other closed plants.&nbsp;&nbsp;Additionally
 in fiscal 2014
 we received proceeds of $8.4 million from the sale of our Ft. Worth
 Texas tortilla facility.



&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The table below presents net cash provided by (disbursed for) financing activities for fiscal 2016
 2015 and 2014 (amounts in thousands):




























 including dividends on share-based







073








442








302






 including windfall tax benefit






482








751








893












380






















 including accelerated stock repurchases






300








858








916












914








325




















608








000








887












965








130








664






















As of December 31
 2016
 there were nonqualified stock option grants of 1.8 million shares that were exercisable. These have a remaining contractual life of approximately 0.90&#160;years and a weighted average exercise price of $10.89 per share. At this time
 it is expected that these shares will be exercised before the contractual term expires and such exercises may provide an increase to the cash provided by financing activities.








Stock repurchase decisions are made based on our stock price
 our belief of relative value
 and our cash projections at any given time.&nbsp;&nbsp;In fiscal 2016
 we repurchased 6.9 million shares of our common stock
 of which 6.5 million were repurchased under the ASR program.&nbsp;&nbsp;See Note 15
 
 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for additional information.








Net debt obligations increased in fiscal 2015 primarily due to funding the DKB and Alpine acquisitions
 net of repayments we made during the year.


 2016 and January 2
 2016. For a detailed description of our debt and capital lease obligations and information regarding our credit ratings
 distributor arrangements
 deferred compensation
 and guarantees and indemnification obligations
 see Note 12


 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K: 


































 2016










 2016






 2016






















































406




































458








975




























000








000




























000








000








































































515




























427








228




























866








989




























157








004
707





























490








685




























667








022
































































 2016
































200








000






000












920








200


















120



























 capital expenditures
 acquisitions
 dividends
 share repurchases
 and tax payments
 as well as derivative transactions which are part of the company&#8217;s overall risk management strategy as discussed in Note&#160;9


 the company borrowed $1
392.0&#160;million in revolving borrowings under the credit facility and repaid $1
528.0 million in revolving borrowings. The amount available under the credit facility is reduced by $9.1 million for letters of credit.&nbsp;&nbsp;

 the cost of using the facility and the credit facility will become more expensive and increase our interest expense.&nbsp;&nbsp;Therefore
 borrowings under these facilities provide us the greatest direct exposure to rising rates. In addition
 if interest rates do increase it will make the cost of funds more expensive. Considering our current debt obligations
 an environment of rising rates could materially affect our Consolidated Statements of Income.

 affirmative and negative covenants
 and events of default.&nbsp;&nbsp;The company believes that
 given its current cash position
 its cash flow from operating activities and its available credit capacity
 it can comply with the current terms of the debt agreements and can meet its presently foreseeable financial requirements. As of December 31
 2016 and January 2
 2016
 the company was in compliance with all restrictive covenants under our debt agreements.
At December 31
 2016 and January 2
 2016
 the company did not have any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships
 such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities
 which are established to facilitate off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes.


 plant and equipment consist of machinery and equipment and transportation equipment.

 including capital leases
 as of December 31
 2016
 are as follows (excluding unamortized debt discount and issuance costs) (amounts in thousands):












490












794












314












028












276












025












927








&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The following table summarizes the company&#8217;s contractual obligations and commitments at December 31
 2016 and the effect such obligations are expected to have on its liquidity and cash flow in the indicated future periods: 















































































































500








000








000








500








000












516








011








755








000








750












427








490








108








804








025












486












































962








341








931








183








507













801
















480








338








291












883








675








597
















903












412








412




































948
987








334








803








053








072
797




















































































































260








260




































806
















361








264




















066








371








361








264




















 2016 is not included since payments into and out of the credit facility change daily.&nbsp;&nbsp;The facility interest rate is based on the actual rate at December 31
 2016. Interest on the senior notes and other notes payable is based on the stated rate and excludes the amortization of debt discount and debt issuance costs.





















 and our contributions to
 participants in the executive deferred compensation plan. This liability is recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as either a current or long-term liability.














 2016 and certain lessors and energy vendors. Such amounts are not recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet
 but $9.1 million of this total reduces the availability of funds under the credit facility.

 these tables do not reflect the company&#8217;s net liability of $1.2&#160;million related to uncertain tax positions as of December 31
 2016. Details regarding this liability are presented in Note&#160;20
 
 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form&#160;10-K. 

 the company is contractually required to purchase the distribution rights from the independent distributor.&nbsp;&nbsp; These potential commitments are excluded from the table above because they cannot be known at this time.



Total stockholders&#8217; equity was as follows at December 31
 2016 and January 2
 2016:




















 2016






 2016






















210
080








243
082





&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The Board approved a plan that authorized share repurchases of up to 67.5&#160;million shares of the company&#8217;s common stock. In November 2014
 the Board increased the company&#8217;s share repurchase authorization by 7.1&#160;million shares to a total of 74.6&#160;million shares. At the close of the company&#8217;s fourth quarter on December 31
 2016
 6.8&#160;million shares remained under the existing authorization. Under the plan
 the company may repurchase its common stock in open market or privately negotiated transactions or under an accelerated repurchase program at such times and at such prices as determined to be in the company&#8217;s best interest. These purchases may be commenced or suspended without prior notice depending on then-existing business or market conditions and other factors.&nbsp;&nbsp;In March 2016
 the company entered into an ASR agreement with Deutsche Bank AG to repurchase an aggregate of $120.0 million of the company&#8217;s common stock under the existing share repurchase program. During fiscal 2016
 6.9 million shares
 at a cost of $126.3 million
 of the company&#8217;s common stock were repurchased under the plan.&nbsp;&nbsp;This included share repurchases under the ASR of 6.5 million shares
 at a cost of $120.0 million
 and other share repurchases. From the inception of the plan through December 31
 2016
 67.8 million&#160;shares
 at a cost of $630.4 million
 have been repurchased.&nbsp;&nbsp;In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016
 the company repurchased an immaterial number of shares of its common stock related to withholding and payment obligations in connection with the vesting of performance share awards.&nbsp;&nbsp;



 










 futures
 swaps
 and option contracts to hedge existing or future exposure to changes in interest rates and commodity prices. The company does not enter into these derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. If actual market conditions are less favorable than those anticipated
 interest rates and commodity prices could increase significantly
 adversely affecting our interest costs and the margins from the sale of our products.


 futures
 option
 and swap contracts for wheat and
 to a lesser extent
 other commodities in an effort to provide a predictable and consistent commodity price and thereby reduce the impact of market volatility in its raw material and packaging prices. As of December 31
 2016
 the company&#8217;s hedge portfolio contained commodity derivatives with a fair value of $(0.8)&#160;million. Of this fair value
 $(0.8)&#160;million is based on quoted market prices.&nbsp;&nbsp;Nearly all of this fair value relates to instruments that will be utilized in fiscal 2017.

 2016
 a hypothetical ten percent change in commodity prices would increase or decrease the fair value of the derivative portfolio by $3.2 million. The analysis disregards changes in the exposures inherent in the underlying hedged items; however
 the company expects that any increase or decrease in the fair value of the portfolio would be substantially offset by increases or decreases in raw material and packaging prices.




























 which is required to be timely disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (&#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;)
 is accumulated and communicated to management in a timely fashion and is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC&#8217;s rules and forms. An evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule&#160;13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) was performed as of the end of the period covered by this annual report. This evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of management
 including our CEO
 Chief Financial Officer (&#8220;CFO&#8221;)
 and Chief Accounting Officer (&#8220;CAO&#8221;).

 our CEO
 CFO
 and CAO have concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this annual report.


 as such term is defined in Rule&#160;13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our CEO
 CFO
 and CAO
 we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in &#8220;Internal Control&#160;&#8212; Integrated Framework (2013)&#8221; issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31
 2016.

 2016 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
 an independent registered public accounting firm
 as stated in its report which is included herein.


 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.




















Directors
 Executive

 &#8220;Directors and Corporate Governance&#8221;
 &#8220;Corporate Governance&#160;&#8212; The Board of Directors and Committees of the Board of Directors&#8221;
 &#8220;Corporate Governance &#8212; Relationships Among Certain Directors&#8221;
 &#8220;Audit Committee Report&#8221; and &#8220;Section&#160;16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance&#8221; in the company&#8217;s definitive proxy statement for the 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders expected to be filed with the SEC in April&#160;(the &#8220;proxy&#8221;). The information required by this item with respect to executive officers of the company is set forth in Part&#160;I of this Form&#160;10-K.

 Inc. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Officers and Members of the Board of Directors (the &#8220;Code of Business Conduct and Ethics&#8221;)
 which applies to all of our directors and executive officers. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is publicly available on our website at www.flowersfoods.com in the &#8220;Corporate Governance&#8221; section of the &#8220;Investor Center&#8221; tab. If we make any substantive amendments to our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics or we grant any waiver
 including any implicit waiver
 from a provision of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
 that applies to any of our directors or executive officers
 including our principal executive officer
 principal financial officer or principal accounting officer
 we intend to disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver on our website at the same location. Alternatively
 we may elect to disclose the amendment or waiver in a current report on Form&#160;8-K filed with the SEC.

 2016 pursuant to Section&#160;303A.12 of the NYSE&#8217;s listing standards
 that he was not aware of any violation by Flowers Foods of the NYSE&#8217;s corporate governance listing standards as of that date.






















Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence








































 2016 and January 2
 2016.

 Fiscal 2015
 and Fiscal 2014.

 Fiscal 2015
 and Fiscal 2014.

 Fiscal 2015
 and Fiscal 2014.

 Fiscal 2015
 and Fiscal 2014.





























































 dated as of October 26
 2000
 by and between Flowers Industries
 Inc. and Flowers Foods
 Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Flowers Foods&#8217; Registration Statement on Form 10
 dated December 1
 2000
 File No. 1-16247).












 dated as of March 12
 2001
 by and between Flowers Industries
 Inc. and Flowers Foods
 Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to Flowers Foods&#8217; Annual Report on Form 10-K
 dated March&#160;30
 2001
 File No. 1-16247).












 dated as of May 31
 2012
 by and among Flowers Foods
 Inc.
 Lobsterco I
 LLC
 Lepage Bakeries
 Inc.
 RAL
 Inc.
 Bakeast Company
 Bakeast Holdings
 Inc.
 and the equity holders named therein (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Flowers Foods&#8217; Current Report on Form 8-K
 dated June 1
 2012
 File No. 1-16247).












 dated as of May 31
 2012
 by and among Flowers Foods
 Inc.
 Lobsterco II
 LLC
 Aarow Leasing
 Inc.
 The Everest Company
 Incorporated and the shareholders named therein (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to Flowers Foods&#8217; Current Report on Form 8-K
 dated June 1
 2012
 File No. 1-16247).












 dated as of January 11
 2013
 by and among Hostess Brands
 Inc.
 Interstate Brands Corporation
 IBC Sales Corporation
 Flowers Foods
 Inc. and FBC Georgia
 LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit&#160;2.1 to Flowers Foods&#8217; Current Report on Form 8-K
 dated January 14
 2013
 File No. 1-16247).












 dated as of August 12
 2015
 by and among Flowers Foods
 Inc.
 AVB
 Inc.
 Goode Seed Holdings
 LLC
 Goode Seed Co-Invest
 LLC
 Glenn Dahl
 trustee of the Glenn Dahl Family Trust
 U/A/D November 28
 2012
 David J. Dahl
 trustee of the David Dahl Family Trust
 U/A/D May 1
 2012
 Shobi L. Dahl
 trustee of the Shobi Dahl Family Trust
 U/A/D
 December 16
 2011
 and Flowers Bakeries
 LLC. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.6 to Flowers Foods' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
 dated November 12
 2015
 File No. 1-16247).**












 Inc.
 as amended through June 5
 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Flowers Foods&#8217; Current Report on Form 8-K
 dated June 10
 2015
 File No. 1-16247).












 Inc.
 as amended through June 5
 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Flowers Foods&#8217; Current Report on Form 8-K
 dated June 10
 2015
 File No. 1-16247).












 Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Flowers Foods&#8217; Annual Report on Form 10-K
 dated February 29
 2012
 File No. 1-16247).












 dated February 8
 2011
 File No. 1-16247).












 dated March&#160;29
 2012
 File No. 1-16247).












 dated as of April 3
 2012
 by and between Flowers Foods
 Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Flowers Foods&#8217; Current Report on Form 8-K
 dated April 3
 2012
 File No.&#160;1-16247).












 dated April 3
 2012
 File No. 1-16247).












 dated April 3
 2012
 File No. 1-16247).












 Inc. 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan
 as amended through December 17
 2013 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Flowers Foods&#8217; Registration Statement on Form S-8
 dated May 21
 2014
 File No. 333-196125).












 dated September 28
 2016
 File No. 1-16247).












 dated September 28
 2016
 File No. 1-16247).












 dated as of May 20
 2011
 by and among
 Flowers Foods
 Inc.
 the Lenders party thereto from time to time
 Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch
 as administrative agent
 Bank of America
 N.A.
 as syndication agent
 and Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank
 B.A.
 &#8220;Rabobank International
&#8221; New York Branch
 Branch Banking &amp; Trust Company and Regions Bank
 as co-documentation agents (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Flowers Foods&#8217; Current Report on Form 8-K
 dated May 26
 2011
 File No. 1-16247).

















 dated as of November&#160;16
 2012
 by and among Flowers Foods
 Inc.
 the Lenders party thereto and Deutsche Bank AG
 New York Branch
 as administrative agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Flowers Foods&#8217; Current Report on Form 8-K
 dated November&#160;21
 2012
 File No. 1-16247).












 dated as of April&#160;5
 2013
 by and among Flowers Foods
 Inc.
 the Lenders party thereto and Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch
 as administrative agent
 swingline lender and issuing lender (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Flowers Foods&#8217; Current Report on Form&#160;8-K
 dated April&#160;10
 2013
 File No. 1-16247).












 dated as of February 14
 2014
 by and among Flowers Foods
 Inc.
 the Lenders party thereto and Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch
 as administrative agent
 swingline lender and issuing lender (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Flowers Foods&#8217; Current Report on Form 8-K
 dated February 18
 2014
 File No. 1-16247).












 dated as of April 21
 2015
 by and among Flowers Foods
 Inc.
 the Lenders party thereto and Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch
 as administrative agent
 swingline lender and issuing lender (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Flowers Foods' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
 dated May 28
 2015
 File No. 1-16247).












 dated as of April 19
 2016
 among Flowers Foods
 Inc.
 the lenders party thereto
 Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch
 as administrative agent
 the swingline lender and issuing lender (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Flowers Foods' Current Report on Form 8-K
 dated April 22
 2016
 File No. 1-16247).












 dated as of April&#160;5
 2013
 by and among Flowers Foods
 Inc.
 the lenders party thereto
 Branch Banking and Trust Company
 Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.
 &#8220;Rabobank Nederland
&#8221; New York Branch
 and Regions Bank
 as co-documentation agents
 Bank of America
 N.A.
 as syndication agent
 and Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch
 as administrative agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Flowers Foods&#8217; Current Report on Form 8-K
 dated April&#160;10
 2013
 File No. 1-16247).












 dated as of February 14
 2014
 by and among Flowers Foods
 Inc.
 the lenders party thereto and Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch
 as administrative agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Flowers Foods&#8217; Current Report on Form 8-K
 dated February 18
 2014
 File No. 1-16247).












 dated as of April 19
 2016
 among Flowers Foods
 Inc.
 the lenders party thereto and Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch
 as administrative agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Flowers Foods' Current Report on Form 8-K
 dated April 22
 2016
 File No. 1-16247).












 Security and Servicing Agreement
 dated as of July 17
 2013
 by and among Flowers Finance II
 LLC
 Flowers Foods
 Inc.
 as servicer
 Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.
 &#8220;Rabobank Nederland
&#8221; New York Branch
 as administrative agent and facility agent
 and certain financial institutions party thereto (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.1 to Flowers Foods&#8217; Current Report on Form 8-K
 dated July 22
 2013
 File No. 1-16247).












 Security and Servicing Agreement
 dated as of August 7
 2014
 by and among Flowers Finance II
 LLC
 Flowers Foods
 Inc.
 as servicer
 Nieuw Amsterdam Receivables Corporation and Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.
 &#8220;Rabobank Nederland
&#8221; New York Branch
 as administrative agent and facility agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Flowers Foods&#8217; Current Report on Form 8-K
 dated August&#160;12
 2014
 File No.&#160;1-16247).












 Security and Servicing Agreement
 dated as of December 17
 2014
 by and among Flowers Finance II
 LLC
 Flowers Foods
 Inc.
 as servicer
 Nieuw Amsterdam Receivables Corporation and Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.
 &#8220;Rabobank
&#8221; New York Branch
 as administrative agent and facility agent. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Flowers Foods&#8217; Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K
 dated February 25
 2015
 File No. 1-16247).












 Security and Servicing Agreement
 dated as of August 20
 2015
 by and among Flowers Finance II
 LLC
 Flowers Foods
 Inc.
 as servicer
 Nieuw Amsterdam Receivables Corporation and Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.
 &#8220;Rabobank
&#8221; New York Branch
 as administrative agent and facility agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Flowers Foods' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
 dated November 12
 2015
 File No. 1-16247).












 Security and Servicing Agreement
 dated as of September 30
 2016
 by and among Flowers Finance II
 LLC
 Flowers Foods
 Inc.
 as servicer
 Nieuw Amsterdam Receivables Corporation and Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.
 &#8220;Rabobank
&#8221; New York Branch
 as administrative agent and facility agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Flowers Foods' Current Report on Form 8-K
 dated October 3
 2016
 File No. 1-16247).

















 dated as of April&#160;19
 2016
 among Flowers Foods
 Inc.
 the lenders party thereto from time to time
 Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
 as lead arranger and bookrunner
 Bank of America
 N.A.
 Branch Banking and Trust Company
 Co&#246;peratieve Rabobank U.A.
 New York Branch
 PNC Bank
 Nationial Association and Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
 as co-documentation agents
 Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
 as syndication agent
 and Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch
 as administrative agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Flowers Foods' Current Report on Form 8-K
 dated April 22
 2016
 File No. 1-16247).












 Inc. Retirement Plan No. 1
 as amended and restated effective as of March 26
 2001 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Flowers Foods&#8217; Annual Report on Form 10-K
 dated March 30
 2001
 File&#160;No.&#160;1-16247).












 Inc. 2001 Equity and Performance Incentive Plan
 as amended and restated effective as of April&#160;1
 2009 (Incorporated by reference to Annex A to Flowers Foods&#8217; Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A
 dated April&#160;24
 2009
 File No.&#160;1-16247).












 Inc. Stock Appreciation Rights Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Flowers Foods&#8217; Annual Report on Form 10-K
 dated March&#160;29
 2002
 File No. 1-16247).












 Inc. Annual Executive Bonus Plan (Incorporated by reference to Annex B to Flowers Foods&#8217; Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A
 dated April&#160;24
 2009
 File No. 1-16247).












 Inc. 2014 Omnibus Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Flowers Foods&#8217; Current Report on Form 8-K
 dated May 27
 2014
 File No. 1-16247).












 Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.10 to Flowers Foods&#8217; Annual Report on Form 10-K
 dated March 29
 2002
 File&#160;No.&#160;1-16247).












 by and between Flowers Foods
 Inc.
 certain executive officers and the directors of Flowers Foods
 Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Flowers Foods&#8217; Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K
 dated March&#160;28
 2003
 File No. 1-16247).












 Inc. Retirement Plan No. 1
 dated as of November 7
 2005 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Flowers Foods&#8217; Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
 dated November 17
 2005
 File No. 1-16247).












 Inc. Change of Control Plan
 dated as of February 23
 2012 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Flowers Foods&#8217; Current Report on Form 8-K
 dated February 29
 2012
 File No. 1-16247).












 Inc. and a certain executive officer of Flowers Foods
 Inc.












 Inc. and certain executive officers of Flowers Foods
 Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to Flowers Foods&#8217; Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K
 dated February&#160;25
 2015
 File No. 1-16247).












 Inc. and certain executive officers of Flowers Foods
 Inc.&nbsp;&nbsp;(Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to Flowers Foods' Annual Report on Form 10-K
 dated February 24
 2016
 File No. 1-16247).












 Inc. and certain executive officers of Flowers Foods
 Inc.
























 Inc.












 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
















































 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 by Allen L. Shiver
 Chief Executive Officer
 R. Steve Kinsey
 Chief Financial Officer and Karyl H. Lauder
 Chief Accounting Officer for the Quarter Ended December 31
 2016.





























 which application has been granted.&nbsp;&nbsp;Schedules to this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K and will be furnished supplementally to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request.














 Flowers Foods
 Inc. has duly caused this Form&#160;10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized on this 23rd&#160;day of February
 2017.






 INC.






























































Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this Form&#160;10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of Flowers Foods
 Inc. and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.







































 2017

































 2017

































 2017
































 2017
































 2017
























 IV








 2017




 IV




























 2017
































 2017
































 2017
























 JR.








 2017




 Jr.




























 2017
































 2017
























&#160;PH.D.








 2017




&#160;Ph.D.




























 2017
















FLOWERS FOODS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


















Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31
 2016 and January 2
 2016





Consolidated Statements of Income for Fiscal 2016
 Fiscal 2015
 and Fiscal 2014





Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for Fiscal 2016
 Fiscal 2015
 and Fiscal 2014





Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders&#8217; Equity for Fiscal 2016
 Fiscal 2015
 and Fiscal 2014





Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for Fiscal 2016
 Fiscal 2015
 and Fiscal 2014
















 Inc.:


 the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of income
 comprehensive income
 changes in stockholders&#8217; equity and cash flows present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Flowers Foods
at December 31
and January 2
 2016
 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31

 the Company maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2016
The Company's management is responsible for these financial statements

n accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).&nbsp;&nbsp;Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our audits of the financial statements included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.


 the Company changed the manner in which it presents deferred income taxes in 2016.


 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii)&#160;provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii)&#160;provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the company&#8217;s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.&nbsp;&nbsp;Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


 Georgia

 2017




FLOWERS FOODS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES











 2016






 2016


















































410








378






 net of allowances of $1
703 and $1
341
 respectively






913








683
































830








336












354








853












698








988












882








177












509








288












128








782












842








308






 Plant and Equipment:


























674








115












200








626












147
861








162
314






 fixtures and transportation equipment






188








875












564








334












891
487








881
264












110
461








076
296












026








968












924








311












976








191












758








881












578








926






 net






964








466












761
068








844
051






































490








685












102








923












032








130












624








738
































667








022
































601








541












854








462












242








206












697








209


























 200
000 authorized and none issued




















 800
000 authorized and none issued





















000
000 authorized shares; 228
729
585 issued shares




















306
784 and 16
463
137 shares
 respectively






812








635












456








501












520








817












283








800












210
080








243
082












761
068








844
051










FLOWERS FOODS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES























































 except per share data)












926
885








778
505








748
973






 supplies
 labor and other production costs (exclusive of







026
367








963
153








950
633






 distribution and administrative expenses






464
236








381
527








368
289












869








175








961












646
















387












877








771








308












890








879








395












905








815








288












552








967








947












537








031








054












761








840








315












776








191








739
































































































511








793








683




































































354








356








092






































FLOWERS FOODS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES























































 except per share data)












776








191








739






 net of tax:






























































087
















463












013








537








516








































206








703














 net of tax






388
















513








































730








195








358












399








413








366






 net of tax






129








218














 net of tax






517








220








505












293








411








234












FLOWERS FOODS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

















































































































 except share data)






 2013






729
585
















355








631








515








166
635








481








076
189




































739
































739






 net of tax




































































 net of tax






































513
























513




















































014
610








916








916




























206
























921
397








808








014




























095
























850








095




































917








































917




























908








































908




























168
























719








168




























































007

























































































































694
































694






 2015






729
585
















859








068








020








382
272








062








123
044




































191
































191






 net of tax






































218
























218






 net of tax


























































































493
























540








109








602




















































399








858








858




















































838
083








480








617




















































713












































574








































574




























134








































134




























899
























206








899




























































992

























































































































563
































563






 2016






729
585
















501








817








800








463
137








635








243
082




































776
































776






 net of tax






































129
























129






 net of tax






































388
























388




























125
























892
322








175








300




























323
























506
255








954








631




























411
























868








411




































772








































772
































































































519
























787








519




























































765

























































































































490
































490






 2016






729
585
















456








520








283








306
784








812








210
080











FLOWERS FOODS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES































































































776








191








739








































869








175








961












877








771








308












761








692








662












307








551








218












457








293








241












324
















074












365








395








956












238








878








341












957








425








215












000








000








999






 net of acquisitions and disposals:




























 net






888








873








181






 net






526








717








977






 net






592








818




















107








899








337




















563








951












389








504








995












044








301








183


































 plant and equipment






727








773








778












350








768








198












272








023








103






 net of cash acquired














221




































500






 plant and equipment






667








324








303




















000




















091




























047








576








526


































 including dividends on share-based payment awards






073








442








302












631








617








014












851








134








879












380




























300








858








916












914








325




















090
492








064
600








175
200












146
100








600








343
087












965








130








664












968








855








007












378








523








530












410








378








523




































































622








298








399






 net






352








739








731






 net






213
















443




















602














 plant and equipment from financing






855






















 plant and equipment included in accounts payable






203








637








094




































































897








112








065






 net of refunds of $12
212
 $7
587 and $4
240
 respectively






108








062








587











FLOWERS FOODS
 









&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Flowers Foods
 Inc. (references to &#8220;we&#8221;
 &#8220;our&#8221;
 &#8220;us&#8221;
 the &#8220;company&#8221;
 &#8220;Flowers&#8221;
 or &#8220;Flowers Foods&#8221;) is one of the largest producers and marketers of bakery products in the United States. The company consists of two business segments: direct-store-delivery (&#8220;DSD Segment&#8221;) and warehouse delivery (&#8220;Warehouse Segment&#8221;). The DSD Segment focuses on the production and marketing of bakery products throughout the East
 South
 Southwest
 California
 and select markets in the Midwest
 Pacific Northwest
 Nevada
 and Colorado. The Warehouse Segment produces snack cakes
 breads and rolls that are shipped both fresh and frozen to national retail
 foodservice
 vending
 and co-pack customers through their warehouse channels.












.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The company recognizes revenue from the sale of product when title and risk of loss pass to the customer. The company records both direct and estimated reductions to gross revenue for customer programs and incentive offerings at the time the incentive is offered or at the time of revenue recognition for the underlying transaction that results in progress by the customer towards earning the incentive. These allowances include price promotion discounts
 coupons
 customer rebates
 cooperative advertising
 and product returns. Price promotion discount expense is recorded as a reduction to gross sales when the discounted product is sold to the customer. 

 revenue on these sales is not recognized until the product is purchased by the consumer. This technology is referred to as pay-by-scan (&#8220;PBS&#8221;). In fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 the company recorded $1.3&#160;billion
 $1.2&#160;billion
 and $1.2&#160;billion
 respectively
 in sales through PBS.


 who sell and deliver those products to outlets of retail accounts that are within the independent distributors&#8217; defined geographic territory. PBS is utilized primarily in certain national and regional retail accounts (&#8220;PBS Outlet&#8221;). Generally
 no revenue is recognized by the company upon delivery of our products by the company to the independent distributor or upon delivery of our products by the independent distributor to a PBS Outlet. It is recognized when our products are purchased by the end consumer. Product inventory in the PBS Outlet is reflected as inventory on the company&#8217;s balance sheet. The balance of PBS inventory at December 31
 2016 and January 2
 2016 was $7.6&#160;million and $6.2&#160;million
 respectively.

Though under no obligation to do so
 the company repurchases distribution rights from and sells distribution rights to independent distributors from time to time. At the time the company purchases distribution rights from an independent distributor
 the fair value purchase price of the distribution right is recorded as &#8220;Assets Held for Sale&#8221;. Upon the sale of the distribution rights to a new independent distributor
 the new distributor franchisee/owner may choose how he/she desires to finance the purchase of the 



business.&nbsp;&nbsp;If the new distributor chooses to use optional financing via a company-related entity
unt of the territory. Any difference between the selling price of the business and the distribution rights&#8217; carrying value
 if any
 is recorded as a gain or a loss in selling
ying value
 a loss is recorded at the date of sale and any impairment of a distribution right held for sale is recorded at such time when the impairment occurs. The deferred gains were $28.3&#160;million and $26.2 million at December 31
 2016 and January 2
6
 respectively
 and are recorded in other short and long-term liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The company recorded net gains of $3.1&#160;million during fiscal 2016
 $4.1&#160;million during fiscal 2015
 the sale of distribution rights as a component of selling
 distribution and administrative expenses.
.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The company considers deposits in banks
 certificates of deposits
 and short-term investments with original maturities of three months or less as cash and cash equivalents.
.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Accounts receivable consists of trade receivables
 current portions of distributor notes receivable
 and miscellaneous receivables. The company maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of its customers to make required payments for trade receivables
 distributor notes receivable
 and miscellaneous receivables. Bad debts are charged to this reserve after all attempts to collect the balance are exhausted. If the financial condition of the company&#8217;s customers were to deteriorate
 resulting in an impairment of their ability to make payments
 additional allowances may be required. In determining past due or delinquent status of a customer
 the aged trial balance is reviewed on a weekly basis by sales management and generally any accounts older than seven weeks are considered delinquent. Activity in the allowance for doubtful accounts is as follows (amounts in thousands):












































341








365








003








703












723








395








777








341












598








956








831








723






 on a consolidated basis
 as of December 31
 2016 and January 2
 2016
 respectively.&nbsp;&nbsp;No other customer accounted for greater than 10% of the company&#8217;s outstanding receivables.
.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The company performs periodic credit evaluations and grants credit to customers
 who are primarily in the grocery and foodservice markets
 and generally does not require collateral. Our top 10 customers in fiscal years 2016
 2015 and 2014 accounted for 46.8%
 43.5% and 43.9% of sales
 respectively. Our largest customer
 Walmart/Sam&#8217;s Club
 weighted percent of sales for fiscal years 2016
 2015 and 2014 was as follows:



























































































































.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Inventories at December 31
 2016 and January 2
 2016 are valued at lower of cost or market. Costs for raw materials and packaging are recorded at moving average cost. Finished goods inventories are at average costs.

 deterioration
 or obsolescence.
























































324
















090
























































074








008














.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Shipping costs are included in the selling
 distribution and administrative line item of the Consolidated Statements of Income. For fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 shipping costs were $855.1&#160;million
 $852.3&#160;million
 and $847.6&#160;million
 respectively
 including the costs paid to independent distributors.
.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The company maintains inventories of spare parts and supplies
 which are used for repairs and maintenance of its machinery and equipment. These spare parts and supplies allow the company to react quickly in the event of a mechanical breakdown. These parts are valued using the moving average method and are expensed as the part is used. Periodic physical inventories of the parts are performed
 and the value of the parts is adjusted for any obsolescence or difference from the physical inventory count.


 plant and equipment is stated at cost. Depreciation expense is computed using the straight-line method based on the estimated useful lives of the depreciable assets. Certain equipment held under capital leases of $44.2&#160;million and $29.9&#160;million at December 31
 2016 and January 2
 2016
 respectively
 is classified as property
 plant and equipment and the related obligations are recorded as liabilities. Depreciation of assets held under capital leases is included in depreciation and amortization expense. Total accumulated depreciation for assets held under capital leases was $13.7&#160;million and $9.7&#160;million at December 31
 2016 and January 2
 2016
 respectively.

 plant and equipment class.


















































 fixtures and transportation equipment













 2015
 and 2014 was as follows (amounts in thousands):























367












772












221






 2015
 and 2014. The cost of maintenance and repairs is charged to expense as incurred. Upon disposal or retirement
 the cost and accumulated depreciation of assets are eliminated from the respective accounts. Any gain or loss is reflected in the company&#8217;s income from operations and is included in adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.




y be impaired
 an evaluation of recoverability would be performed. If an evaluation is required
 the estimated future gross
 undiscounted cash flows associated with the asset would be compared to the asset&#8217;s carrying amount to determine if a write-down to 

 thereby possibly requiring an impairment charge in the future. 

 we recorded asset impairment charges totaling $9.9 million at the time certain idle assets were reclassified as held for sale.&nbsp;&nbsp;We recorded an impairment charge of $1.5 million when we closed a production line at one of our bakeries on equipment we no longer intend to use in fiscal 2015.&nbsp;&nbsp;There were no impairment charges for long-lived held and used assets during fiscal year 2014.&nbsp;&nbsp;See Note 6
 
 for impairments related to assets classified as held for sale.


 at origination
 range from two years to forty years for these assets. The attribution methods we primarily use are sum-of-the-year digits for customer relationships and straight-line for other intangible assets.&nbsp;&nbsp;These finite-lived intangible assets generally include trademarks
 customer relationships
 non-compete agreements
 distributor relationships
 and supply agreements.

 at least annually
 using a one-step fair value based approach or when certain indicators of potential impairment are present. We have elected not to perform the qualitative approach. We also reassess the indefinite-lived classification to determine if it is appropriate to reclassify these assets as finite-lived assets that will require amortization. We consider historical performance and future estimated results in our evaluation of impairment. In the event that facts and circumstances indicate that the cost of any indefinite-lived intangible assets may be impaired
 an evaluation of the fair value of the asset is compared to its carrying amount. If the carrying amount exceeds the fair value
 an impairment charge is recorded for the difference. Fair value is estimated using the future gross
 discounted cash flows associated with the asset using the following four material assumptions: (a)&#160;discount rate; (b)&#160;long-term sales growth rates; (c)&#160;forecasted operating margins; and (d)&#160;market multiples. We use the multi-period excess earnings and relief from royalty methods to value these indefinite-lived intangible assets. The method used for impairment testing purposes is consistent with the valuation method employed at acquisition of the intangible asset. These indefinite-lived intangible assets are trademarks acquired in a purchase business combination. During fiscal 2016
 the company recorded an impairment charge of $15.0 million on certain trademarks the company no longer intends to grow nationally.&nbsp;&nbsp;These brands will continue to be produced and sold in their respective markets.&nbsp;&nbsp;


 thereby possibly requiring an impairment charge in the future.&nbsp;&nbsp;There were no impairment charges related to other intangible assets during fiscal years 2015 or 2014. See Note&#160;7
 
 for additional disclosure.




14
 we recorded an impairment of $2.6 million related to the disposition of certain assets as described in Note 6
. This goodwill impairment represented the share of goodwill for the disposed assets. See Note&#160;7
 
 for additional disclosure.
.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The company enters into commodity derivatives
 designated as cash flow hedges of existing or future exposure to changes in commodity prices. The company&#8217;s primary raw materials are flour
 sweeteners
 shortening
 and water
 along with pulp
 paper
 and petroleum-based packaging products. The company uses natural gas as fuel for firing ovens. The company also periodically enters into interest rate derivatives to hedge exposure to changes in interest rates. The company measures the fair value of its derivative portfolio using the fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the principal market for that asset or liability. When quoted market prices for identical assets or liabilities are not available
 the company bases fair value upon internally developed models that use current market observable inputs
 such as exchange-quoted futures prices and yield curves.&nbsp;&nbsp;None of our hedge positions are for trading purposes.

 and any ineffective portion of the change in fair value is recorded to current period earnings in selling
 distribution and administrative expenses. All of our commodity derivatives at December 31
 2016 qualified for hedge accounting. During fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and 2014 there was no material income or expense recorded due to ineffectiveness in current earnings due to changes in the fair value of our commodity hedges.&nbsp;&nbsp;The company recognized $0.1 million of ineffectiveness during fiscal year 2016 at the settlement of a treasury lock for an interest rate hedge.&nbsp;&nbsp;See Note 9
 
 for additional disclosure.

 2015
 and 2014 there were no discontinued hedge positions.

 supplies
 labor and other production costs (exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately) line item. Changes in the fair value of the asset or liability are recorded as either a current or long-term asset or liability depending on the underlying fair value. Amounts reclassified to earnings for the commodity cash flow hedges are presented as an adjustment to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. See Note&#160;9
 
 for additional disclosure.
.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The company records acquisitions of its common stock for treasury at cost. Differences between proceeds for reissuances of treasury stock and average cost are credited or charged to capital in excess of par value to the extent of prior credits and thereafter to retained earnings. See Note&#160;15
 
 for additional disclosure.
.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Advertising and marketing costs are expensed the first time the advertising takes place. Advertising and marketing costs were $33.9&#160;million
 $23.5 million
 and $22.9&#160;million for fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively. Advertising and marketing costs are recorded in the selling
 distribution and administrative expense line item in our Consolidated Statements of Income.
.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Stock-based compensation expense for all share-based payment awards granted is determined based on the grant date fair value. The company recognizes compensation costs only for those shares expected to vest on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the award
 which is generally the vesting term of the share-based payment award. The shares issued for exercises and at vesting of the awards are issued from treasury stock. See Note&#160;16
 
 for additional disclosure.&nbsp;&nbsp;Stock-based compensation expense is included in selling
 distribution and administrative expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The company expenses internal and external software development costs incurred in the preliminary project stage
 and
 thereafter
 capitalizes costs incurred in developing or obtaining internally used software. Certain costs
 such as maintenance and training
 are expensed as incurred. Capitalized costs are amortized over a period of three to eight years and are subject to impairment evaluation. The net balance of capitalized software development costs included in plant
 property and equipment was $23.4&#160;million and $15.0&#160;million at December 31
 2016 and January 2
 2016
 respectively. Amortization expense of capitalized software development costs
 which is included in depreciation and amortization expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income
 was $3.3&#160;million
 $3.5&#160;million
 and $2.4&#160;million in fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively.



ial statements. Under this method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the temporary differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the dif

 future taxable income
 and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies in assessing the need for the valuation allowance. In the event the company were to determine that it would be more likely than not able to realize its deferred tax assets in the future in excess of its net recorded amount
 an adjustment to the valuation allowance would increase income in the period such a determination was made. Likewise
 should the company determine that it would not more likely than not be able to realize all or part of its net deferred tax asset in the future
 an adjustment to the valuation allowance would decrease income in the period such determination was made.

 including resolution of any related appeals or litigation process. Interest related to unrecognized tax benefits is recorded within the interest expense line in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income. See Note&#160;20
 
 for additional disclosure.

 and included as part of
 deferred tax expense. The additions column represents amounts that increased the allowance.













































































534








516




























895
























534





.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The company is self-insured for various levels of general liability
 auto liability
 workers&#8217; compensation
 and employee medical and dental coverage. Insurance reserves are calculated on an undiscounted basis based on actual claim data and estimates of incurred but not reported claims developed utilizing historical claim trends. Projected settlements of incurred but not reported claims are estimated based on pending claims and historical trends and data. Though the company does not expect them to do so
 actual settlements and claims could differ materially from those estimated. Material differences in actual settlements and claims could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
.&nbsp;&nbsp;Loss contingencies are recorded at the time it is probable an asset is impaired or a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated.&nbsp;&nbsp;For litigation claims the company considers the degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome and the ability to make a reasonable estimate of the loss.&nbsp;&nbsp;Losses are recorded as a selling
 distribution
 and administrative expense in our Consolidated Statements of Income.&nbsp;&nbsp;
.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Basic net income per share is computed by dividing net income by weighted average common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted net income per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average common and common equivalent shares outstanding for the period. Common stock equivalents consist of the incremental shares associated with the company&#8217;s stock compensation plans
 as determined under the treasury stock method. The performance contingent restricted stock awards do not contain a non-forfeitable right to dividend equivalents and are included in the computation for diluted net income per share. Fully vested shares which have a deferral period extending beyond the vesting date are included in the computation for basic net income per share.&nbsp;&nbsp;See Note&#160;18
 
 for additional disclosure.
.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The incorporated independent distributors (&#8220;IDs&#8221;) in the DSD Segment are not voting interest entities since the company has no direct interest in each entity; however
 they qualify as variable interest entities (&#8220;VIEs&#8221;). The independent distributors who are formed as sole proprietorships are excluded from the VIE accounting analysis because sole proprietorships are not within scope for determination of VIE status.&nbsp;&nbsp;The company typically finances the ID and also enters into a contract with the ID to supply product at a discount for distribution in the ID&#8217;s territory. The combination of the company&#8217;s loans to the IDs and the ongoing supply arrangements with the IDs provides a level of protection to the equity owners of the various IDs that would not otherwise be available. However
 the company is not considered to be the primary beneficiary of the VIEs.&nbsp;&nbsp;See Note 13
 
 for additional disclosure of this VIE entity.&nbsp;&nbsp;



sents a significant portion of the entity&#8217;s revenue. This entity qualifies as a VIE
 but the company has determined it is not the primary beneficiary of the VIE. See Note 13
 
 for additional disclosure of this VIE entity.
.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The company records net periodic benefit costs and obligations related to its three defined benefit pension and two other post-employment benefit (&#8220;OPEB&#8221;) plans based on actuarial valuations. These valuations reflect key assumptions determined by management
 including the discount rate and expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. The expected long-term rate of return assumption considers the asset mix of the plans&#8217; portfolios
 past performance of these assets
 the anticipated future economic environment
 long-term performance of individual asset classes
 and other factors. Material changes in benefit costs and obligations may occur in the future due to experience different than assumed and changes in these assumptions. Future benefit obligations and annual benefit costs could be impacted by changes in the discount rate
 changes in the expected long-term rate of return
 changes in the level of contributions to the plans&#8217;
 and other factors. Effective January&#160;1
 2006
 the company curtailed its largest defined benefit pension plan that covered the majority of its workforce. Benefits under this plan were frozen
 and no future benefits will accrue under this plan. The company still maintains a smaller unfrozen pension plan for certain eligible unionized employees.

 &#8220;market related&#8221; values
 or other modeling techniques. Plan asset gains or losses in a given year are included with other actuarial gains and losses due to remeasurement of the plans&#8217; projected benefit obligations (&#8220;PBO&#8221;). If the total unrecognized gain or loss exceeds 10% of the larger of (i)&#160;the PBO or (ii)&#160;the market value of plan assets
 the excess of the total unrecognized gain
 or loss is amortized over the expected average future lifetime of participants in the frozen pension plans. The company uses a calendar year end for the measurement date since the plans are based on a calendar year and because it approximates the company&#8217;s fiscal year end. See Note 19
 
 for additional disclosure.
.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Effective January&#160;1
 2014
 the Finance Committee (&#8220;committee&#8221;) of the Board of Directors delegated its fiduciary and other responsibilities with respect to the plans to the newly established Investment Committee. The Investment Committee
 which consists of certain members of management
 establishes investment guidelines and strategies and regularly monitors the performance of the plans&#8217; assets. The Investment Committee is responsible for executing these strategies and investing the pension assets in accordance with ERISA and fiduciary standards. The investment objective of the pension plans is to preserve the plans&#8217; capital and maximize investment earnings within acceptable levels of risk and volatility. The Investment Committee meets on a regular basis with its investment advisors to review the performance of the plans&#8217; assets. Based upon performance and other measures and recommendations from its investment advisors
 the Investment Committee rebalances the plans&#8217; assets to the targeted allocation when considered appropriate.
.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;On September 28
 2016
 the company issued $400.0 million of senior notes (the &#8220;2026 notes&#8221;).&nbsp;&nbsp;On April&#160;3
 2012
 the company issued $400.0 million of senior notes (the &#8220;2022 notes&#8221;). These notes are recorded in our financial statements at carrying value
 net of debt discount and issuance costs. The debt discount and issuance costs are being amortized over the ten year term of the note to interest expense. In addition and for disclosure purposes
 the fair value of the notes is estimated using yields obtained from independent pricing sources for similar types of borrowing arrangements and is considered a Level 2 valuation. Additional details are included in Note 14
 
.&nbsp;&nbsp;The company recorded research and development costs of $3.0 million
 $3.3 million
 and $3.2 million for fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively.&nbsp;&nbsp;These costs are recorded as selling
 distribution and administrative expenses in our Consolidated Statements of Income.
.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The company reports comprehensive income in two separate but consecutive financial statements. See Note&#160;17
 
 for additional required disclosures.










In April 2015
 the FASB issued guidance to simplify the presentation of debt issuance costs.&nbsp;&nbsp;This guidance requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct reduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability
 consistent with debt discount presentation.&nbsp;&nbsp;This guidance is effective for financial statements for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2015
 and interim periods within those years.&nbsp;&nbsp;This guidance is applied on a retrospective basis at adoption and the disclosures for a change in an accounting principle apply.&nbsp;&nbsp;This guidance was adopted as of January 3
 2016 (the first day of our fiscal 2016) with application of the provisions retrospectively.&nbsp;&nbsp;Debt issuance costs associated with line-of-credit arrangements is not addressed by this guidance.&nbsp;&nbsp;The company&#8217;s accounts receivable securitization facility and credit facility
 



discussed in Note 12
Debt
 Lease and Other Commitments
l presented as other long-term assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheet.&nbsp;&nbsp;As a result of adopting this standard
solidated Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2016 and January 2
 2016.&nbsp;&nbsp;The balance sheet as of January 2
 2016 was retrospectively adjusted
 which resulted in a $3.9 million decrease to other non-current assets and to total long-term debt and capital lease

 the FASB issued guidance that requires entities to report deferred tax liabilities and assets as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position.&nbsp;&nbsp;The previous requirement that deferred tax liabilities and assets of a tax-paying component of an entity be offset and presented as a single amount is not affected by this guidance.&nbsp;&nbsp;This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods within those annual periods.&nbsp;&nbsp;Earlier application is permitted for all entities as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period.&nbsp;&nbsp;The company adopted this standard for the annual period beginning on January 3
 2016 (the first day of our fiscal 2016) and applied it retrospectively.&nbsp;&nbsp;As a result of adopting this standard
 all deferred tax assets and liabilities have been classified as noncurrent for the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2016 and January 2
 2016.&nbsp;&nbsp;The balance sheet as of January 2
 2016 was retrospectively adjusted
 which resulted in a $37.2 million decrease in the current deferred income tax asset balance and in the long-term deferred income tax liability balance.

























 2016






 2016




























207


















515








308










791








881










885
168








844
051




























932








022










669








462










416








209










885
168








844
051






 the FASB issued guidance that entities that have reported provisional amounts for items in a business combination for which the accounting is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in which the combination occurs and during the measurement period have an adjustment to provisional amounts recognized. This update requires that an acquirer recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined.&nbsp;&nbsp;This guidance also requires that an entity present separately on the face of the income statement or disclose in the notes the portion of the amount recorded in current-period earnings by line item that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment to the provisional amounts had been recognized as of the acquisition date.&nbsp;&nbsp;This guidance is effective for our fiscal 2016.&nbsp;&nbsp;The guidance is applied prospectively to adjustments to provisional amounts that occur after the effective date of the guidance.&nbsp;&nbsp;The potential impact of the guidance on the company&#8217;s Consolidated Financial Statements will only be known after a measurement period adjustment for an acquisition is recognized.&nbsp;&nbsp;The adoption of this guidance is presented in Note 7
 
 for the measurement period adjustments related to the acquisitions discussed in Note 8
 
 below.

 2015
 the FASB issued guidance to eliminate the requirement to disclose the level of the fair value hierarchy for pension plan assets for which the fair value is measured at net asset value using the practical expedient.&nbsp;&nbsp;Investments for which net asset value is fair value
 and not a practical expedient
 must still be included in the fair value table.&nbsp;&nbsp;The company&#8217;s assets reported at net asset value are included as a reconciling item between the fair value hierarchy disclosure and total plan assets.&nbsp;&nbsp;See Note 19
 
 for disclosures related to our pension plan assets. 

 2014 the FASB issued guidance that requires management to assess an entity&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain principles that are currently in U.S. auditing standards.&nbsp;&nbsp;Specifically
 the amendments provide a definition of the term substantial doubt
 require an evaluation every reporting period including interim periods
 provide principles for considering the mitigating effect of management&#8217;s plans
 require certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of management&#8217;s plans
 require an express statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is not alleviated
 and require an assessment for a period of one year after the date of that the financial statements are issued.&nbsp;&nbsp;The company adopted the updated standard in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016.&nbsp;&nbsp;This guidance required additional controls at adoption but did not have a material impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements.





 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the &#8220;FASB&#8221;) issued guidance for recognizing revenue in contracts with customers. This guidance requires entities to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. There are five steps outlined in the guidance to achieve this core principle. This guidance was originally effective January 1
 2017
 the first day of our fiscal 2017.&nbsp;&nbsp;In July 2015
 the FASB issued a deferral for one year
 making the effective date December 31
 2017
 the first day of our fiscal 2018.&nbsp;&nbsp;In March 2016
 the FASB amended the initial guidance to clarify the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations.&nbsp;&nbsp;In April 2016
 the FASB amended the initial guidance to clarify the identification of performance conditions and the licensing implementation guidance.&nbsp;&nbsp;In May 2016
 the FASB amended the initial guidance to update certain narrow scopes within the revenue recognition guidance.&nbsp;&nbsp;Early application is permitted
 but not before January 1
 2017.&nbsp;&nbsp;Entities will have the option to apply the final standard retrospectively or use a modified retrospective method
 recognizing the cumulative effect of the standards in retained earnings at the date of initial application.&nbsp;&nbsp;An entity will not restate prior periods if it uses the modified retrospective method
 but will be required to disclose the amount by which each financial statement line item is affected in the current reporting period by the application of the standard as compared to the guidance in effect prior to the change
 as well as reasons for significant changes.&nbsp;&nbsp;The company intends to adopt the updated standard in the first quarter of fiscal 2018.&nbsp;&nbsp;The company is currently in the process of assessing the adoption methodology to apply.&nbsp;&nbsp;

 stale accounting
 and distributor discounts are under review for either how to account for PBS inventory
 estimated stale charges
 or whether an item is reported at net or gross.&nbsp;&nbsp;These are not intended to be a complete inventory of the potentially impactful types of revenue
 but we have identified these for further study.&nbsp;&nbsp;More impactful revenue sources may be discovered as we continue our review.&nbsp;&nbsp;The company does not typically enter into long-term revenue contracts and does not anticipate those areas to be material.&nbsp;&nbsp;The company does not anticipate significant changes to our systems or processes upon adoption.&nbsp;&nbsp;As of December 31
 2016
 we have not selected a transition method.&nbsp;&nbsp;

 the FASB issued guidance that entities should measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal
 and transportation.&nbsp;&nbsp;This guidance is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December&#160;15
 2016. This guidance must be applied prospectively with earlier application permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period.&nbsp;&nbsp;This guidance will impact the company during our first quarter of fiscal 2017.&nbsp;&nbsp;We anticipate that an adjustment to our inventory reported at the end of our first quarter in fiscal 2017 may be required and will be impacted by the inclusion of more components for the net realizable value standard.&nbsp;&nbsp;

 the FASB issued guidance that requires an entity to recognize lease liabilities and a right-of-use asset for virtually all leases (other than those that meet the definition of a short-term lease) on the balance sheet and to disclose key information about the entity&#8217;s leasing arrangements.&nbsp;&nbsp;This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within that reporting period
 with earlier adoption permitted.&nbsp;&nbsp;This guidance must be adopted using a modified retrospective approach for all leases existing at
 or entered into after the date of initial adoption
 with an option to elect to use certain transition relief.&nbsp;&nbsp;The company intends to adopt the updated standard in the first quarter of fiscal 2019.&nbsp;&nbsp;The company currently has significant operating leases with our fiscal 2016 lease expense totaling $97.4 million.&nbsp;&nbsp;The company is evaluating the potential impact of this guidance on our Consolidated Financial Statements.
In March 2016
 the FASB issued guidance to simplify several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions including the accounting for income taxes
 forfeitures
 and statutory tax withholding requirements
 as well as classification in the statement of cash flows.&nbsp;&nbsp;This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 and early adoption is permitted.&nbsp;&nbsp;Amendments related to the timing of when excess tax benefits are recognized
 minimum statutory withholding requirements
 forfeitures
 and intrinsic value will be adopted using a modified retrospective transition method by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to equity as of the beginning of the period in which the guidance is adopted.&nbsp;&nbsp;Amendments related to the presentation of employee taxes paid on the statement of cash flows when the employer withholds shares to meet the minimum statutory will not impact the company since we already report cash flows according to the new guidance.&nbsp;&nbsp;The recognition of excess tax benefits and deficiencies in the income statement will be applied prospectively.&nbsp;&nbsp;The company will adopt the presentation of excess tax benefits on the statement of cash flows under the retrospective transition method.&nbsp;&nbsp;At adoption of this guidance during the first quarter of our fiscal 2017
 we anticipate the impact to our first quarter Consolidated Financial Statements to reflect a tax shortfall of $3.0 million to $3.3 million that will be recognized as income tax expense at vesting of our performance-based share-based payment awards.&nbsp;&nbsp;Approximately 1.7 million non-qualified stock options related to the 2011 award are outstanding with an exercise price of $10.87 and an expiration date of February 10
 2018.&nbsp;&nbsp;If those 



 an amount in excess of $10.87
 a tax windfall will be recognized as an income tax benefit.&nbsp;&nbsp;The company intends to record forfeitures as incurred.&nbsp;&nbsp;See Note 16
 
 for details of our awards.

 the FASB issued guidance on the classification of certain cash receipts and payments in the statement of cash flows. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2017
 and interim periods within those years. Early adoption is permitted. The guidance must be applied retrospectively to all periods presented but may be applied prospectively if retrospective application would be impracticable. The company is currently evaluating the impact that the new guidance will have on our Consolidated Financial Statements.

 the FASB issued guidance to clarify the definition of a business with the objective of adding guidance to assist entities with evaluating whether transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions (or disposals) of assets or businesses.&nbsp;&nbsp;This guidance is effective for annual period beginning after December 15
 2017
 including interim periods within those periods.&nbsp;&nbsp;This guidance shall be applied prospectively at adoption.&nbsp;&nbsp;This guidance will impact the company&#8217;s assessment of the acquisition of either an asset or a business beginning in our fiscal 2018.

 the FASB issued guidance to simplify the accounting for goodwill impairment.&nbsp;&nbsp;The guidance removed Step 2 of the goodwill impairment test
 which requires a hypothetical purchase price allocation.&nbsp;&nbsp;A goodwill impairment will now be the amount by which a reporting unit&#8217;s carrying value exceeds its fair value
 not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill.&nbsp;&nbsp;Companies will still have the option to perform a qualitative assessment to determine if a quantitative impairment test is necessary.&nbsp;&nbsp;This guidance will be applied prospectively.&nbsp;&nbsp;Companies are required to disclose the nature of and reason for the change in accounting principle upon transition.&nbsp;&nbsp;That disclosure shall be provided in the first annual period and in the interim period within the first annual period when the company adopts this guidance.&nbsp;&nbsp;This is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019.&nbsp;&nbsp;Early adoption is permitted after January 1
 2017.&nbsp;&nbsp;The company is currently evaluating when this guidance will be adopted and the impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.











 we revised our previously reported Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for fiscal years 2015 and 2014.&nbsp;&nbsp;Historically
 certain immaterial amounts for presenting payments received from notes receivable
 payments for the repurchase of territories
 and non-cash issuance of notes receivable were presented incorrectly.&nbsp;&nbsp;The company reported non-cash amounts as payments from notes receivable and payments for the repurchase of territories that should have been disclosed as non-cash transactions.&nbsp;&nbsp;The error impacted the Statement of Cash Flows for fiscal years 2015 and 2014 and each of the interim periods in those years.&nbsp;&nbsp;The error also impacted the first
 second
 and third quarters of fiscal year 2016.&nbsp;&nbsp;These corrections did not impact our previously reported Consolidated Balance Sheets
 Consolidated Statements of Income
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
 and Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders&#8217; Equity.















































133








766








899












670
















504












233








932








301












866








098








768












028








005








023








































508








932








576






 net






744








005








739






 net












































































993








656








337












552








443








995












970








213








183












056
















198












718








615








103








































313








213








526






 net






346








615








731






 net














443








443













 2015
 and 2014 the following amounts were recorded as interest income relating to these notes receivable (amounts in thousands):






















552












967












947






 










 in some cases
 when the distributor relationship with the company is terminated. In the majority of the Distributor Agreements
 if the company decides to exit a territory or stop using the independent distribution model in a territory
 the company is contractually required to purchase the distribution rights from the independent distributor. In the event an independent distributor terminates his or her relationship with the company
 the company
 although not legally obligated
 may repurchase and operate those distribution rights as a company-owned territory. The independent distributors may also sell their distribution rights to another person or entity. Distribution rights purchased from independent distributors and operated as company-owned territories are recorded on the company&#8217;s Consolidated Balance Sheet in the line item &#8220;Assets Held for Sale&#8221; while the company actively seeks another independent distributor to purchase the distribution rights for the territory.&nbsp;&nbsp;Distribution rights held for sale and operated by the company are sold to independent distributors at fair market value pursuant to the terms of a Distributor Agreement. There are multiple versions of the Distributor Agreement in place at any given time and the terms of such Distributor Agreements vary.&nbsp;&nbsp;

 Inc.
 which initially included 20 closed plants and 36 depots (the &#8220;Acquired Hostess Bread Assets&#8221;). The Acquired Hostess Bread Assets were originally recorded as held and used in the purchase price allocation. Subsequent to the acquisition of the Acquired Hostess Bread Assets
 we determined that some of the acquired plants and depots do not meet our long-term operating strategy
 and we are actively marketing them for sale.&nbsp;&nbsp;There are certain other properties not associated with the Acquired Hostess Bread Assets that are also in the process of being sold. These assets are recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets in the line item &#8220;Assets Held for Sale&#8221; and are included in the &#8220;Other&#8221; line item in the summary table below. 

 the company decided to sell the remainder of the Acquired Hostess Bread Assets not specifically reserved for future use.&nbsp;&nbsp;As a result
 we recorded an impairment of $5.3 million for these plants
 depots
 and equipment and completed the sale in our fourth quarter of fiscal 2016. 



e sale of the Acquired Hostess Bread Assets for fiscal years 2016
 2015 and 2014 (amounts in thousands):
























848












079












163






 during the fourth quarter of our fiscal 2016
 we recognized an impairment loss of $4.6 million for the difference between the carrying value and fair value of other assets classified as held for sale.

 we decided to sell certain assets at our Ft. Worth
 Texas
 tortilla facility (the &#8220;disposal group&#8221;). The company relocated our flour tortilla equipment to an existing manufacturing facility and continues to sell these products through our DSD Segment. The disposal group sale closed on August&#160;13
 2014 for a sale price of $8.4 million in cash. The carrying value of the assets sold was $7.6 million. Assets not included in the disposal group were either transferred to other plants or were scrapped shortly after closing. We recognized an impairment of $2.3 million and $5.8 million for assets held for sale during fiscal years 2015 and 2014
 respectively.&nbsp;&nbsp;We recognized an impairment loss on goodwill of $2.6 million and an additional impairment loss of $1.9 million for the scrapped assets during the second quarter of fiscal 2014. These impairments are recorded on the Consolidated Statements of Income in the line item &#8220;Impairment of assets&#8221;. The total gain on the divestiture was $1.8 million
 of which $0.8 million related to property
 plant and equipment recorded as held for sale in our second quarter of fiscal 2014
 and was recorded on the Consolidated Statements of Income in the line item &#8220;Selling
 distribution and administrative expenses&#8221;. We also incurred costs of $0.8 million included in the Consolidated Statements of Income line item &#8220;Materials
 supplies
 labor
 and other production costs
 excluding depreciation&#8221; relating to severance and inventory. The total costs for fiscal 2014 relating to the divestiture were $3.5 million.

 during the fourth quarter of our fiscal 2014
 we recognized an impairment loss of $5.8 million for the difference between the carrying value and the fair value of certain Acquired Hostess Bread Assets classified as held for sale.

 plant and equipment exclusive of the amounts disclosed as part of the Acquired Hostess Bread Assets and the disposal group discussed above. Also included in assets held for sale are property
 plant and equipment from a non-core mix manufacturing business located in Cedar Rapids
 Iowa.&nbsp;&nbsp;The carrying values of assets held for sale are not amortized and are evaluated for impairment as required. The table below presents the assets held for sale as of December 31
 2016 and January 2
 2016
 respectively (amounts in thousands):










 2016






 2016












897








325




















082












600








784












976








191














 2016 and January 2
 2016
 respectively
 each of which is explained in additional detail below (amounts in thousands):










 2016






 2016












578








926






 net of amortization






964








466












000








000












301
542








340
392








The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill
 by segment
 during fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2016
 are as follows (amounts in thousands):






























 2015






483








477








960












925








041








966






 2016






408








518








926


































 2016






563








015








578







 for the original goodwill amount recorded at acquisition
 from January 3
 2015 to January 2
 2016 (amounts in thousands):


































925








041








966






 2016 to December 31
 2016 (amounts in thousands):




















































































 plant and equipment
























































 2016 and January 2
 2016
 the company had the following amounts related to amortizable intangible assets (amounts in thousands):










 2016






 2016




















































327








129








198








327








037








290












621








163








458








621








650








971












874








666
















874








043




















123








023








100








123








749








374












945








981








964








945








479








466






 2016 and January 2
 2016
 there was $243.0 million and $414.0&#160;million
 respectively
 of indefinite-lived intangible trademark assets separately identified from goodwill. These trademarks are classified as indefinite-lived because there is no foreseeable limit to the period over which the asset is expected to contribute to our cash flows.&nbsp;&nbsp;They are well established brands
 many older than forty years old
 with a long history and well defined markets. In addition
 we are continuing to use these brands both in their original markets and throughout our expansion territories. We believe these factors support an indefinite-life assignment with an annual impairment analysis to determine if the trademarks are realizing their expected economic benefits.
The company&#8217;s core markets were flat in fiscal 2016.&nbsp;&nbsp;As a result
 we noticed that several of our brands were performing below expectations in the back half of the year.&nbsp;&nbsp;This was caused primarily from our regional brands that were negatively impacted by our national brands and the flat market in general.&nbsp;&nbsp;Concurrent with our annual impairment test
 the company was also undergoing an enterprise-wide business and operational review.&nbsp;&nbsp;The diagnostic phase of this review was completed in our fourth quarter and included a brand rationalization study that impacts certain trademarks&#8217; future revenue projections.&nbsp;&nbsp;This study included examining which brands will be part of a national or regional focus.&nbsp;&nbsp;We included the potential impact of this study in our expected results while performing our annual impairment test for all of our indefinite-lived intangible trademark assets.&nbsp;&nbsp;This led to a $15.0 million impairment charge of three indefinite-lived trademarks.&nbsp;&nbsp;This study is ongoing and may impact future periods.&nbsp;&nbsp;Following this impairment
 the company evaluated the indefinite-lived classification and determined that the three trademarks which were impaired 



tinue using these trademarks; however
 our expectation of limiting them to each of their respective core markets impacts their growth potential.&nbsp;&nbsp;The carrying value of these three trademarks
 before impairment
 was $171.0 million.&nbsp;&nbsp;The fair value of these 

 2015
 and 2014 was as follows (amounts in thousands):























502












403












740





























495












778












285












776












300















 2015
 the company completed the acquisition of 100% of the outstanding common stock of Alpine
 a leading organic bread baker
 from its shareholders for total consideration of $121.9 million inclusive of payments for certain tax benefits.&nbsp;&nbsp;We paid cash of $109.3 million and issued 481
540 shares of our common stock to the sellers in a private placement.&nbsp;&nbsp;We believe the acquisition of Alpine strengthens our position as the second-largest baker in the U.S. by giving us access to the fast growing organic bread category. The Alpine acquisition has been accounted for as a business combination and is included in our Warehouse Segment. The results of Alpine&#8217;s operations are included in the company&#8217;s Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on October 14
 2015. The total goodwill recorded for this acquisition was $36.5 million and it is deductible for tax purposes.

 the company incurred $1.6 million of acquisition-related costs for Alpine. The acquisition-related costs for Alpine were recorded in the selling
 distribution and administrative expense line item in our Consolidated Statements of Income. Alpine contributed $11.9 million in sales during fiscal 2015.&nbsp;&nbsp;Alpine&#8217;s operating income since the acquisition was immaterial to our fiscal 2015 results of operations.





















340










602










942

















 plant
 and equipment




614










600










190











404










538








 million related to working capital was recorded in our third quarter of fiscal 2016 and is reflected in the table above. See Note 7
 
 for the impact of this adjustment.


 except amortization periods): 

































900
























700
























600


















 Arizona and has widespread distribution across the U.S. The primary reason for the acquisition was to purchase a brand of organic bakery products in the U.S. and to add organic production capacity.



 2015
 the company completed the acquisition of 100% of the outstanding common stock of Dave&#8217;s Killer Bread (&#8220;DKB&#8221;)
 the nation&#8217;s best-selling organic bread
 from its shareholders for total cash payments of $282.1 million inclusive of payments for certain tax benefits.&nbsp;&nbsp;We believe the acquisition of DKB strengthens our position as the second-largest baker in the U.S. by giving us access to the fast growing organic bread category and expanding our geographic reach into the Pacific Northwest. The DKB acquisition has been accounted for as a business combination and is included in our DSD Segment. The results of DKB&#8217;s operations are included in the company&#8217;s Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on September 13
 2015. The total goodwill recorded for this acquisition was $146.1 million and it is not deductible for tax purposes.

 the company incurred $4.6 million of acquisition-related costs for DKB. The acquisition-related costs for DKB are recorded in the selling
 distribution and administrative expense line item in our Consolidated Statements of Income. DKB contributed $37.6 million in sales during fiscal 2015.&nbsp;&nbsp;DKB&#8217;s operating income since the acquisition was immaterial to our fiscal 2015 results of operations.





















115

















 plant
 and equipment




359










300










827










203











035










080






 tax adjustments
 and property
 plant and equipment were recorded in our third quarter of fiscal 2016 and are reflected in the table above.&nbsp;&nbsp;See Note 7
 
 for the impact of these adjustments.




The following table presents the acquired intangible assets subject to amortization (amounts in thousands
 except amortization periods):

































700
























000
















































300


















 Oregon and has widespread distribution across the U.S. and Canada. The primary reason for the acquisition was to purchase the leading brand of organic bakery products in the U.S.















 either directly or indirectly



 designated as cash-flow hedges of existing or future exposure to changes in commodity prices. The company&#8217;s primary raw materials are flour
 sweeteners
 and shortening
 along with pulp
 paper
 and petroleum-based packaging products. Natural gas
 which is used as oven fuel
 is also an important commodity used for production.

 2016
 the company&#8217;s commodity hedge portfolio contained derivatives which are recorded in the following accounts with fair values measured as indicated (amounts in thousands):












































































576
























576
















































611
























611
















































435
























435
















































435
























435












































As of January 2
 2016
 the company&#8217;s commodity hedge portfolio contained derivatives which are recorded in the following accounts with fair values measured as 












































































926








941
















867
















































946








941
















887






 or limits increases in prices
 for a period of time extending into fiscal 2018. These instruments are designated as cash-flow hedges. See Note 2
 
 for the accounting treatment of these hedged transactions.


 2016 and August 8
 2016 to fix the interest rate for the 3.5% senior notes due 2026 (&#8220;2026 notes&#8221;) issued on September 28
 2016.&nbsp;&nbsp;The derivative positions were closed when the debt was priced on September 23
 2016 with a cash settlement net receipt of $1.0 million that offset changes in the benchmark treasury rate between execution of the treasury rate locks and the debt pricing date.&nbsp;&nbsp;These rate locks were designated as a cash flow hedge.&nbsp;&nbsp;During fiscal 2016
 the company recognized $0.1 million of ineffectiveness due to issuing the debt earlier than the settlement date of the treasury locks.&nbsp;&nbsp;The ineffectiveness amount is reported as a selling
 distribution
 and administrative expense in our Consolidated Statements of Income.

 2012 to fix the interest rate for the 4.375% senior notes due 2022 (&#8220;2022 notes&#8221;) issued on April&#160;3
 2012. The derivative position was closed when the debt was priced on March&#160;29
 2012 with a cash settlement that offset changes in the benchmark treasury rate between the execution of the treasury rate lock and the debt pricing date. This treasury rate lock was designated as a cash flow hedge.

 before tax
 and an asset is a positive value and a liability is a negative value):




















































000








137








510
























000








298








298
























000







































 all of which are utilized for the risk management purposes detailed above (amounts in thousands):




















 2016






 2016








































576
























































611




































 2016






 2016








































435












867












































435












887









 all of which are utilized for the risk management purposes detailed above (amounts in thousands and net of tax):









































































064








195








358












730








195








358



























































































264








259








209
















399








413








366
















 supplies
 labor and other production costs (exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately).

 2016:








































































































































061






 
 for the accounting treatment of other comprehensive income for these hedged transactions.


 2016
 the company had entered into the following financial contracts to hedge commodity risks (amounts in thousands):






















353












834












347












534






 2016. As of December 31
 2016
 the company had $3.0&#160;million recorded in other current assets
 and on January 2
 2016
 the company had $20.7&#160;million recorded in other current assets representing collateral from or with counterparties for hedged positions.























 2016






 2016












902








957












576




















039








716




















815












691








294












128








782
















 2016






 2016












364








761












490








637












747




















157








483












758








881
























 2016






 2016












536








571












435








867












043








900












905








992












872








717












633








443












250




















358








640












032








130













 Lease and Other Commitments

 including capital lease obligations
 consisted of the following at December 31
 2016 and January 2
 2016:










 2016













 2016






 2016




















































000








000




































515


























406


































458








975


























000








000


























427








228


























866








989




























157








004
707














490








685














667








022








cember 31
 2016 and January 2
 2016
 the bank overdraft balance was $19.9 million and $18.0 million
 respectively.

 2016 and January 2
 2016
 respectively
 which reduce the availability of funds under the credit facility. The outstanding LOCs are for the benefit of certain insurance companies and lessors. None of the LOCs are recorded as a liability on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

 2016 Term Loan
 Accounts Receivable Securitization Facility
 2013 Term Loan
 2022 Notes
 and Credit Facility
.&#160;On September 28
 2016
 the company issued $400.0 million of senior notes (the &#8220;2026 notes&#8221;). The company will pay semiannual interest on the 2026 notes on each April&#160;1 and October&#160;1
 beginning on April&#160;1
 2017
 and the 2026 notes will mature on October 1
 2026. The notes bear interest at 3.500%&#160;per annum. The 2026 notes are subject to interest rate adjustments if either Moody&#8217;s or S&amp;P downgrades (or downgrades and subsequently upgrades) the credit rating assigned to the 2026 notes.&nbsp;&nbsp;On any date prior to July&#160;1
 2026
 the company may redeem some or all of the notes at a price equal to the greater of (1)&#160;100% of the principal amount of the notes redeemed and (2)&#160;a &#8220;make-whole&#8221; amount plus
 in each case
 accrued and unpaid interest. The make-whole amount is equal to the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the 2026 notes to be redeemed that would be due if such notes matured July 1
 2026 (exclusive of interest accrued to
 but not including
 the date of redemption)
 discounted to the date of redemption on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the treasury rate (as defined in the indenture governing the notes)
 plus 30 basis points
 plus in each case accrued and unpaid interest. At any time on or after July 1
 2026
 the company may redeem some or all of the 2026 notes at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the notes redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest. If the company experiences a &#8220;change of control triggering event&#8221; (which involves a change of control of the company and related rating of the notes below investment grade)
 it is required to offer to purchase the notes at a purchase price equal to 101% of the principal amount
 plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon unless the company exercised its option to redeem the notes in whole.&nbsp;&nbsp;The 2026 notes are also subject to customary restrictive covenants
 including certain limitations on liens and sale and leaseback transactions.

 after expenses
 received upon issuance of debt and the amount repayable at its maturity. The company also paid issuance costs (including underwriting fees and legal fees) on the 2026 notes. Debt issuance costs and the debt discount are being amortized to interest expense over the term of the 2026 notes. As of December 31
 2016
 the company was in compliance with all restrictive covenants under the indenture governing the 2026 notes.&nbsp;&nbsp;The table below presents the debt discount
 underwriting fees and the legal and other fees for issuing the 2026 notes (amounts in thousands):&nbsp;&nbsp;






















108






 legal
 and other fees






900












008




We entered into an unsecured term facility (the &#8220;2016 term loan&#8221;) on April 19
 2016.&nbsp;&nbsp;The 2016 term loan provided for a five-year
 syndicated
 unsecured term loan pursuant to which we may incur term loan borrowings in a single draw up to an aggregate principal amount of $150.0 million.&nbsp;&nbsp;The proceeds of the 2016 term loan borrowings were used to finance working capital and for general corporate purposes and to pay fees and expenses related to the 2016 term loan.&nbsp;&nbsp;The company drew down the full amount of the 2016 term loan at execution. The company paid financing costs of $0.6 million in connection with the 2016 term loan.

 2016
 at the time the company issued the 2026 notes. The payoff was accounted for as an extinguishment of debt with the loss on extinguishment recorded as interest expense.&nbsp;&nbsp;The extinguishment loss of $0.6 million was immediately recognized at the time the 2016 term loan was paid off. The company has no further obligations under this agreement. 
.&#160;On July&#160;17
 2013
 the company entered into an accounts receivable securitization facility (the &#8220;facility&#8221;). On August&#160;7
 2014
 the company entered into an amendment to the facility. The amendment (i)&#160;increased the revolving commitments under the facility to $200.0 million from $150.0 million
 (ii)&#160;extended the term one year to July&#160;17
 2016
 and (iii)&#160;made certain other conforming changes. On December&#160;17
 2014
 the company executed a second amendment to the facility to add a bank to the lending group. The original commitment amount was split between the original lender and the new lender in the 



proportion of 62.5% for the original lender and 37.5% for the new lender. This modification
d for as an extinguishment of the debt
 resulted in a charge of $0.1 million
 or 37.5%
 of the unamortized financing costs.&#160;On August 20
 2015
 the company executed a third amendment to the facility to extend the term to August 11
ge pricing grid.&nbsp;&nbsp;This amendment was accounted for as a modification.&nbsp;&nbsp;On September 30
 2016
 the company executed a fourth amendment to the facility to extend the term to September 28
 2018.&nbsp;&nbsp;This amendment was accounted for as a modification.

 a wholly-owned
 bankruptcy-remote subsidiary purchases
 on an ongoing basis
 substantially all trade receivables. As borrowings are made under the facility
 the subsidiary pledges the receivables as collateral. In the event of liquidation of the subsidiary
 its creditors would be entitled to satisfy their claims from the subsidiary&#8217;s pledged receivables prior to distributions of collections to the company. We include the subsidiary in our Consolidated Financial Statements. The facility contains certain customary representations and warranties
 affirmative and negative covenants
 and events of default. As of December 31
 2016
 there was $95.0 million outstanding under the facility compared to $170.0 million amounts outstanding as of January 2
 2016.  As of December 31
 2016 and January 2
 2016
 the company was in compliance with all restrictive covenants under the facility. On December 31
 2016
 the company had $85.2 million available under its facility for working capital and general corporate purposes.&nbsp;&nbsp;Amounts available for withdrawal under the facility are determined as the lesser of the total commitments and a formula derived amount based on qualifying trade receivables.

 which are being amortized over the life of the facility. During fiscal 2014
 we incurred $0.2 million in issuance costs with the first and second amendments. An additional $0.1 million in financing costs was paid during fiscal 2015 for the second and third amendments.&nbsp;&nbsp;An additional $0.1 million in financing costs were paid during fiscal 2016 for the fourth amendment.
&#160;We entered into a senior unsecured delayed-draw term facility (the &#8220;2013 term loan&#8221;) on April&#160;5
 2013 with a commitment of up to $300.0 million. The company drew down the full amount of the 2013 term loan on July&#160;18
 2013.&nbsp;&nbsp;The 2013 term loan was paid off in full on September 28
 2016
 at the time the company issued the 2026 notes
 and an extinguishment of $1.3 million was recognized.&nbsp;&nbsp; The company has no further obligations under this agreement.&nbsp;&nbsp;The payoff was accounted for as an extinguishment of debt with the loss on extinguishment recorded as interest expense.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
&#160;On April&#160;3
 2012
 the company issued $400.0 million of senior notes (the &#8220;2022 notes&#8221;). The company pays semiannual interest on the notes on each April&#160;1 and October&#160;1
 beginning on October&#160;1
 2012
 and the notes will mature on April&#160;1
 2022. The notes bear interest at 4.375%&#160;per annum. On any date prior to January&#160;1
 2022
 the company may redeem some or all of the notes at a price equal to the greater of (1)&#160;100% of the principal amount of the notes redeemed and (2)&#160;a &#8220;make-whole&#8221; amount plus
 in each case
 accrued and unpaid interest. The make-whole amount is equal to the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal thereof (not including any interest accrued thereon to
 but not including
 the date of redemption)
 discounted to the date of redemption on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the treasury rate (as defined in the indenture governing the notes)
 plus 35 basis points
 plus in each case
 unpaid interest accrued thereon to
 but not including
 the date of redemption. At any time on or after January&#160;1
 2022
 the company may redeem some or all of the notes at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the notes redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest. If the company experiences a &#8220;change of control triggering event&#8221; (which involves a change of control of the company and related rating of the notes below investment grade)
 it is required to offer to purchase the notes at a purchase price equal to 101% of the principal amount
 plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon unless the company exercised its option to redeem the notes in whole. The notes are also subject to customary restrictive covenants
 including certain limitations on liens and sale and leaseback transactions.

 2016 and January 2
 2016
 the company was in compliance with all restrictive covenants under the indenture governing the notes.
&#160;On April 19
 2016
 the company amended its senior unsecured credit facility (the &#8220;credit facility&#8221;)
 which was accounted for as a modification of the debt
 that addressed changes in law affecting the terms of the existing agreement
 makes certain terms of the existing agreement consistent with the terms of the 2016 term loan
 and amends the terms to permit the indebtedness to be incurred under the 2016 term loan.&nbsp;&nbsp;In addition
 the amendment increases the highest applicable margin applicable to base rate loans to 0.75% and the Eurodollar rate loans to 1.75%
 in each case
 based on the leverage ratio of the company.&nbsp;&nbsp;It also increases the highest applicable facility fee to 0.50%
 due quarterly on all commitments under the facility.&nbsp;&nbsp;Previously
 on April 21
 2015
 the company amended its senior unsecured credit facility (the &#8220;credit facility&#8221;) to extend the term to April 21
 2020
 reduce the applicable margin on base rate and Eurodollar loans and reduce the facility fees
 described below. The amendment was accounted for as a modification 



of the debt. The credit facility is a five-year
itments
 for a total of up to $700.0 million
 subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions. Proceeds from the credit facility may be used for working capital and general corporate purposes
 including capital expenditures
 acquisition financing
ncing of indebtedness
 dividends and share repurchases. The credit facility includes certain customary restrictions
 which
 among other things
tive financial covenants include such ratios as a minimum interest coverage ratio and a maximum leverage ratio. The company believes that
 given its current cash position
 its cash flow from operating activities and its available credit capacity
mply with the current terms of the amended credit facility and can meet its presently foreseeable financial requirements. As of December 31
 2016 and January 2
 2016
 the company was in compliance with all restrictive covenants under the credit facility.

 or the higher of the prime lending rate or the federal funds rate plus 0.50%
 with a floor rate defined by the one-month interbank Eurodollar market rate plus 1.00%. The applicable margin ranges from 0.0% to 0.50% for base rate loans and from 0.70% to 1.50% for Eurodollar loans. In addition
 a facility fee ranging from 0.05% to 0.25% is due quarterly on all commitments under the credit facility. Both the interest margin and the facility fee are based on the company&#8217;s leverage ratio. The company paid additional financing costs of $0.4 million in connection with the April 21
 2015 amendment of the credit facility
 which
 in addition to the remaining balance of the original $1.3 million in financing costs
 is being amortized over the life of the credit facility.&nbsp;&nbsp;The company recognized $0.1 million as interest expense for the modification at the time of the April 21
 2015 amendment.

 capital expenditures
 acquisitions
 dividends
 share repurchases
 and tax payments
 as well as derivative transactions which are part of the company&#8217;s overall risk management strategy as discussed in Note&#160;9
 
















 2016






000












391
600












527
600






 2016






000





 2016:&nbsp;&nbsp;






















000












000












080












920



























200
















&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Currently
 the company&#8217;s credit ratings by Fitch Ratings
 Moody&#8217;s Investors Service
 and Standard&#160;&amp; Poor&#8217;s are BBB
 Baa2
 and BBB
 respectively.&nbsp;&nbsp;Changes in the company&#8217;s credit ratings do not trigger a change in the company&#8217;s available borrowings or costs under the 2026 notes
 facility
 2022 notes
 or credit facility
 but could affect future credit availability and cost.



.&nbsp;&nbsp;Aggregate maturities of debt outstanding
 including capital leases
 as of December 31
 2016
 are as follows (excluding unamortized debt 












490












794












314












028












276












025












927





In fiscal 2016
the company adopted guidance
 as discussed in Note 3
 
 that requires debt issuances costs be presented in the balance sheet as a direct reduction from the carrying amount of the liability.&nbsp;&nbsp;The table below reconciles the debt issuance costs and debt discounts to the net carrying value of each of our debt obligations (excluding line-of-credit arrangements) at December 31
 2016 (amounts in thousands):


































000








594








406












000








542








458












500
















866












500








770








730





 2016 (amounts in thousands):


































000








485








515












000








025








975












000








011








989












000








521








479







 thrift store locations
 and two manufacturing facilities. The equipment leases include production
 sales
 distribution
 and office equipment. Initial lease terms range from two to 26 years. Many of the operating leases provide the company with the option
 after the initial lease term
 either to purchase the property at the then fair value or renew its lease at fair value rents for periods from one month to ten years. Rent escalations vary in these leases
 from no escalation over the initial lease term
 to escalations linked to changes in economic variables such as the Consumer Price Index. Rental expense is recognized on a straight-line basis. The capital leases are primarily used for distribution vehicle financing and are discussed in Note 13
 
 below. Future minimum lease payments under scheduled capital leases that have initial or remaining non-cancelable terms in excess of one year are as follows (amounts in thousands):






















203












336












704












822












502












346












913












486












427












490












937































861












304












005












141












934












915












160




























357












864












700







 and our contributions to
 participants in the EDCP. The obligations will rank equally with our other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness payable from the company&#8217;s general assets.

 and up to 100% of any cash bonuses and other compensation through December 31
 2015.&nbsp;&nbsp;Effective January 1
 2016
 employees may elect to defer up to 75% of their base salaries
 any cash bonuses
 and other compensation.&nbsp;&nbsp;Deferral elections by eligible executives must be made prior to the beginning of each year and are thereafter irrevocable during that year. The portion of the participant&#8217;s compensation that is deferred depends on the participant&#8217;s election in effect with respect to his or her elective contributions under the EDCP. 

 2016 and January 2
 2016 were as follows (amounts in thousands):










 2016






 2016












883








812












675








204












208








608







 warranties
 and other standard indemnifications in various agreements with customers
 suppliers
 and other parties as well as in agreements to sell business assets or lease facilities. In general
 these provisions indemnify the counterparty for matters such as breaches of representations and warranties
 certain environmental conditions and tax matters
 and
 in the context of sales of business assets
 any liabilities arising prior to the closing of the transactions. Non-performance under a contract could trigger an obligation of the company. The ultimate effect on future financial results is not subject to reasonable estimation because considerable uncertainty exists as to the final outcome of any potential claims.

 2016.














 but the company has determined it is not the primary beneficiary of the VIE. The company is not considered to be the primary beneficiary of the VIEs because the company does not (i)&#160;have the ability to direct the significant activities of the VIEs and (ii)&#160;provide any implicit or explicit guarantees or other financial support to the VIEs for specific return or performance benchmarks. In addition
 we do not provide
 nor do we intend to provide
 financial or other support to the entity. 

 2016 and January 2
 2016
 there was $30.4 million and $20.2 million
 respectively
 in net property
 plant and equipment and capital lease obligations associated with the right to use leases.



 2016 and January 2
 2016
 there was $84.3 million and $50.8 million
 respectively
 in gross distribution rights notes receivable outstanding for IDs.

 other than the financing described above
 for specific return or performance benchmarks. The activities controlled by the IDs that are deemed to most significantly impact the ultimate success of the ID entities relate to those decisions inherent in operating the distribution business in the territory
 including acquiring trucks and trailers
 managing fuel costs
 employee matters and other strategic decisions. In addition
 we do not provide
 nor do we intend to provide
 financial or other support to the IDs. The IDs are responsible for the operations of their respective territories.

 the distribution rights revert back to the company (recording the distribution rights as assets held for sale) and the company subsequently sells the distribution rights to another independent distributor. The company&#8217;s collateral from the territory distribution rights mitigates potential losses.










 accounts receivable
 and short-term debt approximates fair value because of the short-term maturity of the instruments. Notes receivable are entered into in connection with the purchase of independent distributors&#8217; distribution rights by independent distributors. These notes receivable are recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheet at carrying value
 which represents the closest approximation of fair value. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. As a result
 the appropriate interest rate that should be used to estimate the fair value of the distribution rights notes is the prevailing market rate at which similar loans would be made to independent distributors with similar credit ratings and for the same maturities. However
 the company financed approximately 3
600 and 3
700 independent distributors&#8217; distribution rights as of December 31
 2016 and January 2
 2016
 respectively
 all with varied financial histories and credit risks. Considering the diversity of credit risks among the independent distributors
 the company has no method to accurately determine a market interest rate to apply to the notes. The distribution rights are generally financed for up to ten years and the distribution rights notes are collateralized by the independent distributors&#8217; distribution rights. The company maintains a wholly-owned subsidiary to assist in financing the distribution rights purchase activities if requested by new independent distributors
 using the distribution rights and certain associated assets as collateral. These notes receivable earn interest at a fixed rate.



At December 31
 2016 and January 2
 2016
 respectively
 the carrying value of the distribution rights notes receivable was as follows (amounts in thousands):










 2016






 2016












984








904







 net






060








593













924








311




























552












967












947






 2016 and January 2
 2016
 the company has evaluated the collectability of the distribution rights notes receivable and determined that a reserve is not necessary. Payments on these notes are collected by the company weekly in conjunction with the settlement process.

 2016 approximates the recorded value. The fair value of the company&#8217;s notes
 as discussed in Note 12


 are estimated using yields obtained from independent pricing sources for similar types of borrowing arrangements and are considered a Level 2 valuation.&nbsp;&nbsp;The fair value of the notes are presented in the table below (amounts in thousands
 except level classification):
































406








972
















458








756










. For fair value disclosure information about our pension plan net assets see Note&#160;19
 










000
000&#160;shares of common stock having a par value of $0.01 per share and 1
000
000&#160;shares of preferred stock. The preferred stock of which (a)&#160;200
000&#160;shares have been designated by the Board of Directors as Series&#160;A Junior Participating Preferred Stock
 having a par value per share of $100 and (b)&#160;800
000&#160;shares of preferred stock
 having a par value per share of $0.01
 have not been designated by the Board of Directors. No shares of preferred stock have been issued by Flowers Foods.


 including the Series&#160;A Preferred Stock
 holders of common stock are entitled to receive ratably such dividends
 if any
 as may be declared by the Board of Directors of the company out of funds legally available. In the event of a liquidation
 dissolution
 or winding-up of the company
 holders of common stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets of the company
 if any
 remaining after payment of liabilities and the liquidation preferences of any issued and outstanding preferred stock
 including the Series&#160;A Preferred Stock. Holders of common stock have no preemptive rights
 no cumulative voting rights
 and no rights to convert their shares of common stock into any other securities of the company or any other person.

The Board of Directors has the authority to issue up to 1
000
000&#160;shares of preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the designations
 relative powers
 preferences
 rights
 qualifications
 limitations
 and restrictions of all shares of each such series
 including without limitation
 dividend rates
 conversion rights
 voting rights
 redemption and sinking fund provisions
 liquidation preferences
 and the number of shares constituting each such series
 without any further vote or action by the holders of our common stock. Although the 



end to do so
 it could issue shares of preferred stock
 with rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of holders of our common stock without obtaining the approval of our shareholders. In addition
 the issuance of preferred shar


 2002) that currently authorizes share repurchases of up to 74.6&#160;million shares of the company&#8217;s common stock. As of December 31
 2016
 6.8&#160;million shares remained available for repurchase under the existing authorization. Under the plan
 the company may repurchase its common stock in open market or privately negotiated transactions or under an accelerated repurchase program at such times and at such prices as determined to be in the company&#8217;s best interest.

























 2016






959
814








298






 2016






380








000






 2016




















 2016


























892
322








300






 2016
 67.8&#160;million shares at a cost of $630.4&#160;million have been purchased since the inception of this plan.


 2016
 the company announced that we entered into an accelerated share repurchase program (&#8220;ASR&#8221;) agreement to repurchase an aggregate of $120.0 million of the company&#8217;s common stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;Under the terms of the ASR
 the company paid $120.0 million in cash and received an initial delivery of 5.6 million shares immediately.&nbsp;&nbsp;The final number of shares repurchased was based on the daily volume-weighted average stock price over the life of the transaction
 less a negotiated discount.&nbsp;&nbsp;During the second quarter of fiscal 2016
 a total of 0.9 million shares were issued to the company at the time of final settlement.&nbsp;&nbsp;The ASR met all applicable criteria for equity classification and
 therefore
 was not accounted for as a derivative instrument.&nbsp;&nbsp;Shares repurchased under the ASR were added to our treasury shares.&nbsp;&nbsp;The company funded the ASR with borrowings on its credit facility and cash on hand.


 2015
 and 2014
 the company paid the following dividends
 excluding dividends on vested stock-based compensation awards discussed in Note 16
 
 below (amounts in thousands except per share data):





























490




















563




















694






















 2014
 our Board of Directors approved and adopted the 2014 Omnibus Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (&#8220;Omnibus Plan&#8221;). The Omnibus Plan was approved by our shareholders on May&#160;21
 2014. The Omnibus Plan authorizes the compensation committee of the Board of Directors to provide equity-based compensation in the form of stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 performance shares
 performance units
 dividend equivalents and other awards for the purpose of providing our officers
 key employees
 and non-employee directors&#8217; incentives and rewards for performance. The Omnibus Plan replaced the Flowers Foods&#8217; 2001 Equity and Performance Incentive Plan
 as amended and restated as of April&#160;1
 2009 (&#8220;EPIP&#8221;)
 the Stock Appreciation Rights Plan
 and the Annual Executive Bonus Plan. All outstanding equity awards that were made under the EPIP will continue to be governed by the EPIP; however
 all equity awards granted after May&#160;21
 2014 are governed by the Omnibus Plan. No additional awards will be issued under the EPIP. Awards granted under the Omnibus Plan are limited to the authorized amount of 8
000
000 shares.



urchase our common stock
 restricted stock
 performance stock and units and deferred stock. The company&#8217;s officers
s under the EPIP. Over the life of the EPIP
 the company issued options
 restricted stock and deferred stock.

 restricted stock
 and deferred stock outstanding under the plans described above. Information relating to the company&#8217;s stock appreciation rights
 which were issued under a separate stock appreciation right plan
 is also described below.


 2016.

 2015
 and 2014 pursuant to the EPIP is set forth below (amounts in thousands
 except price data):



















































































353
















191
















112




















507
















838
















921




















846
















353
















191




















846
















353
















191














 2016
 options outstanding under the EPIP had an average exercise price of $10.89
 a weighted average remaining contractual life of 0.90 years
 and an aggregate intrinsic value of $16.8 million.

 the windfall tax benefits
 and intrinsic value from stock option exercises for fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and 2014 are set forth below (amounts in thousands):


































631








617








014






 net






746








660








572












778








590








725











 certain key employees have been granted performance-contingent restricted stock under the EPIP and the Omnibus Plan in the form of TSR Shares. The awards generally vest approximately two years from the date of grant (after the filing of the company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K)
 and the shares become non-forfeitable if
 and to the extent that
 on that date the vesting conditions are satisfied. As a result of the delay (July as opposed to January) in the grant of the 2012 awards
 the 2012 awards vested during the first quarter of 2014
 18 months from the grant date. Awards granted subsequent to the 2012 award (granted during the first quarters of their respective years) vest two years from the date of grant. The total shareholder return (&#8220;TSR&#8221;) is the percent change in the company&#8217;s stock price over the measurement period plus the dividends paid to shareholders. The performance payout is calculated at the end of each of the last four quarters (averaged) in the measurement period. Once the TSR is determined for the company (&#8220;Company TSR&#8221;)
 it is compared to the TSR of our food company peers (&#8220;Peer Group TSR&#8221;). The Company TSR compared to the Peer Group TSR will determine the payout as set forth below (the &#8220;TSR Modifier&#8221;):














































































 the degree of vesting is interpolated on a linear basis. The table below presents the payout percentage for each of the TSR awards:






















































 if the grantee retires at age 65 (or age 55 with at least 10 years of service with the company) or later
 on the normal vesting date the grantee will receive a pro-rated number of shares based upon the retirement date and measured at the actual performance for the entire performance period. In addition
 if the company undergoes a change in control
 the TSR shares will immediately vest at the target level
 provided that if 12 months of the performance period have been completed
 vesting will be determined based on Company TSR as of the date of the change in control without application of four-quarter averaging. During the vesting period
 simulation model
 which utilizes multiple input variables to estimate the probability of the company achieving the market condition discussed above. Inputs into the model included the following for the company and comparator companies: (i)&#160;TSR from the beginning of the performance cycle through the measurement date; (ii)&#160;volatility; (iii)&#160;risk-free interest rates; and (iv)&#160;the correlation of the comparator companies&#8217; TSR. The inputs are based on historical capital market data.

 except price data):

















&#160;2015






























































 2016
 there was $5.7 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested TSR Shares granted under the EPIP and Omnibus Plan. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.03 years.





 certain key employees have been granted performance-contingent restricted stock under the EPIP and the Omnibus Plan in the form of ROIC Shares. The awards generally vest approximately two years from the date of grant (after the filing of the company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K)
 and the shares become non-forfeitable if
 and to the extent that
 on that date
 the vesting conditions are satisfied. As a result of the delay (July as opposed to January) in the grant of the 2012 awards
 the 2012 awards vested during the first quarter of 2014
 18 months from the grant date.&nbsp;&nbsp;Awards granted subsequent to the 2012 award (granted during the first quarters of their respective years) vest two years from the date of grant. Return on Invested Capital is calculated by dividing our profit
 as defined
 by the invested capital (&#8220;ROIC&#8221;). Generally
 the performance condition requires the company&#8217;s average ROIC to exceed its average weighted cost of capital (&#8220;WACC&#8221;) by between 1.75 to 4.75 percentage points (the &#8220;ROI Target&#8221;) over the two fiscal year performance period. If the lowest ROI Target is not met
 the awards are forfeited. The shares can be earned based on a range from 0% to 125% of target as defined below (the &#8220;ROIC Modifier&#8221;):





































 the degree of vesting is interpolated on a linear basis. The table below presents the payout percentage for each of the ROIC awards:






















































 if the grantee retires at age 65 (or age 55 with at least 10 years of service with the company) or later
 on the normal vesting date the grantee will receive a pro-rated number of shares based upon the retirement date and actual performance for the entire performance period. In addition
 if the company undergoes a change in control
 the ROIC Shares will immediately vest at the target level. During the vesting period
 the grantee has none of the rights of a shareholder. Dividends declared during the vesting period will accrue and will be paid at vesting on the shares that ultimately vest. The fair value of this type of award is equal to the stock price on the grant date. Since these awards have a performance condition feature the expense associated with these awards may change depending on the expected ROI Target attained at each reporting period.&nbsp;&nbsp;The expected ROI Target for expense calculations at December 31
 2016 was 100% for the 2015 award and 100% for the 2016 award. The following performance-contingent ROIC Shares have been granted under the EPIP (2014) and the Omnibus Plan (2015) and have service period remaining (amounts in thousands
 except price data):










&#160;2016






&#160;2015






























































 2016
 there was $5.1 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested ROIC Shares granted under the EPIP. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.03 years.


 ROIC Modifier share adjustment
 accumulated dividends on vested shares
 and the tax windfall/shortfall at vesting of the performance-contingent restricted stock awards (amounts in thousands except for share data):






























































872








637
















090








173
















069








090
















430








378
















756








939
















668








748








he ROIC Shares) for fiscal 2016
 2015 and 2014 is set forth below (amounts in thousands
 except price data):



















































































349
















404
















229
































































































































































































































































































































































































543
















349
















404














 2016
 there was $10.7&#160;million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested restricted stock granted under the EPIP. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.03 years. 


 previously the company allowed non-employee directors to convert their annual board retainers into deferred stock equal in value to 130% of the cash payments these directors would have otherwise received. The deferred stock had a minimum two-year vesting period and will be distributed to the individual (along with accumulated dividends) at a time designated by the individual at the date of conversion. Following the May 2014 Board of Directors meeting and the adoption of the Omnibus Plan
 annual board retainers converted into deferred stock and issued under the Omnibus Plan are equal in value to 100% of the cash payments directors would otherwise receive and the vesting period is a one-year period to match the period of time that cash would have been received if no conversion existed. Going forward
 under the Omnibus Plan
 non-employee directors may elect to convert their annual board retainers into deferred stock equal in value to 100% of the cash payments they otherwise would have received. The deferred stock so converted will have a one-year pro-rated vesting period. Accumulated dividends are paid upon delivery of the shares.&nbsp;&nbsp;A total of 2
380 common shares were issued after the deferral period during fiscal 2016.

 non-employee directors also receive annual grants of deferred stock. This deferred stock vests over one year from the grant date. During the second quarter of fiscal 2016
 non-employee directors were granted an aggregate of 95
314 shares of deferred stock pursuant to the Omnibus Plan. The deferred stock will be distributed to the grantee at a time designated by the grantee at the date of grant. Compensation expense is recorded on this deferred stock over the one year minimum vesting period. During fiscal 2016
 a total of 111
868 previously deferred shares were issued after the deferral period.

621 shares of previously vested and deferred awards were also distributed during fiscal 2014 for a director who retired on May&#160;21
 2014 and the cumulative deferred shares (including retainer conversions and annual grants) were issued at that time. An additional 46
364 shares of previously vested and deferred awards were also distributed during fiscal 2014 for a director who retired on December&#160;31
 2014 and the cumulative deferred shares (including retainer conversions and annual grants) were issued at that time.

 2013
 the company&#8217;s Chief Executive Officer (&#8220;CEO&#8221;) received a time-based restricted stock award of approximately $1.3 million of restricted stock pursuant to the EPIP. This award will vest 100% on the fourth anniversary of the date of grant provided the CEO remains employed by the company during this period and the award value does not exceed 0.5% of our cumulative EBITDA over the vesting period. Vesting will also occur in the event of the CEO&#8217;s death or disability
 but not his retirement. Dividends will accrue on the award and will be paid to the CEO on the vesting date for all shares that vest. There were 58
500 shares issued for this award at a fair value of $22.25 per share.



The deferred and restricted stock activity for fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and 2014 is set forth below (amounts in thousands
 except price data):





































































































































































































































































































































































































 2016
 there was $0.7&#160;million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to deferred and restricted stock awards granted under the EPIP. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 0.40 years. The intrinsic value of deferred stock awards that vested during fiscal 2016 was $1.3&#160;million. There was an immaterial tax windfall on the exercise of deferred share awards during fiscal 2016.


 option-pricing model. The liability for these rights at January 2
 2016 was $0.2 million and was recorded in other current liabilities. The company paid $0.2 million at the time of exercise of 13
500 shares during fiscal 2016.&nbsp;&nbsp;There are no remaining liabilities for these awards.

 2015
 and 2014 is set forth below (amounts in thousands
 except price data):













































































































































 all of which was recognized in selling
 distribution
 and administration expense
 for fiscal years 2016
 2015 and 2014 (amounts in thousands):






























































611








369








544












161








205








176








































761








692








662

















 adjustments for our derivative financial instruments accounted for as cash flow hedges
 and various pension and other postretirement benefit related items.

 2015
 and 2014
 reclassifications out of AOCI were as follows (amounts in thousands):





















































































































307








551








218






 Note 3
 below










528








801








473
















129








388








107
















399








413








366






































































 below










646
















387






 below










840








395








348






 below










661








128








266
















260








589








263
















401








539








003
















800








952








369


















 
 for additional information.




















 changes to AOCI
 net of income tax
 by component were as follows (amounts in thousands):































 January 2
 2016






190








610








800












730








013








717












399








401








800






 December 31
 2016






061








222








283






 changes to AOCI
 net of income tax
 by component were as follows (amounts in thousands):































 January 3
 2015






408








612








020












195








537








732












413








539








952






 January 2
 2016






190








610








800











































307








551








218












043








292








009












264








259








209














 2015
 and 2014 (amounts in thousands
 except per share data):


































776








191








739








































511








793








683




































































511








793








683







 vesting of performance-contingent restricted stock







843








563








409












354








356








092


































 2015 or 2014.










 2016 and January 2
 2016 (amounts in thousands):










 2016






 2016




















118












601








541






 net of tax






222








610






 2016.&nbsp;&nbsp;This change supports our long-term pension risk management strategy. 

 which accelerates recognition of a plan&#8217;s unrecognized net gain or loss
 is triggered if the total lump sums paid during a year exceeds the sum of the plan&#8217;s service and interest cost. With no settlement charge recognized until the second quarter
 the table below presents the recognized settlement charges by quarter for fiscal 2016 (amounts in thousands):





















641












832
























646





 2016 for the defined benefit and postretirement benefit plans described below. 





 noncontributory defined benefit pension plans covering certain current and former employees. Benefits under the company&#8217;s largest pension plan are frozen. The company continues to maintain an ongoing plan that covers a small number of certain union employees. The benefits in this plan are based on years of service and the employee&#8217;s career earnings. The qualified plans are funded at amounts deductible for income tax purposes but not less than the minimum funding required by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (&#8220;ERISA&#8221;) and the Pension Protection Act of 2006 (&#8220;PPA&#8221;). The company uses a calendar year end for the measurement date since the plans are based on a calendar year end and because it approximates the company&#8217;s fiscal year end. As of December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015
 the assets of the qualified plans included certificates of deposit
 marketable equity securities
 mutual funds
 corporate and government debt securities
 private and public real estate partnerships
 other diversifying strategies and annuity contracts. The company expects pension income of approximately $5.0&#160;million for fiscal 2017.

 2015 and 2014 (amounts in thousands):






























































682








003








427












644








642








817












646
















387




































































294








978








925












195








788








562









































879








916








510




















199




















646
















387








































294








978








925












448
















198












253








483








760






 2015
 and 2014 was $4.7&#160;million
 $6.9&#160;million
 and $11.6 million
 respectively.














 2016






 2016
































023








639
































682








003












076








677












130








014




















199












734




















595








023
































497








194












689








881












341








436












130








014












734




















663








497






 end of year:


























663








497












595








023












932








526




















































641








124












932








526
































886








948












813








199












699








147
































224








455


















































































































































































































































































In developing the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets at each measurement date
 the company considers the plan assets&#8217; historical actual returns
 targeted asset allocations
 and the anticipated future economic environment and long-term performance of individual asset classes
 based on the company&#8217;s investment strategy. While appropriate consideration is given to recent and historical investment performance
 the assumption represents management&#8217;s best estimate of the long-term prospective return. Based on these factors the expected long-term rate of return assumption for the plans was set at 8.0% for fiscal 2016
 as 






 2014
 the Finance Committee (&#8220;committee&#8221;) of the Board of Directors delegated its fiduciary and other responsibilities with respect to the plans to the newly established Investment Committee. The Investment Committee
 which consists of certain members of management
 establishes investment guidelines and strategies and regularly monitors the performance of the plans&#8217; assets. The Investment Committee is responsible for executing these strategies and investing the pension assets in accordance with ERISA and fiduciary standards. The investment objective of the pension plans is to preserve the plans&#8217; capital and maximize investment earnings within acceptable levels of risk and volatility. The Investment Committee meets on a regular basis with its investment advisors to review the performance of the plans&#8217; assets. Based upon performance and other measures and recommendations from its investment advisors
 the Investment Committee rebalances the plans&#8217; assets to the targeted allocation when considered appropriate. The fair values of all of the company pension plan assets at December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015
 by asset class are as follows (amounts in thousands):










 2016























































712
















712
















































427
























427












427
























427












916
























916




















914
















914
























































796
















796




















909
















909




















512
















512




















539
















539




























737








737








































































095




































299




































987




































296








































































124




































000




















































































770








382








737








663



















 2015























































200
















200
















































600
























600












957
























957












949
























949




















565
















565
























































257
















257




















215
















215




















201
















201




















202
















202




























964








964








































































582




































473




































406




































335








































































784




















































































506








640








964








497























































 dividends
 and amounts receivable from asset sales and amounts payable for asset purchases.&nbsp;&nbsp;This class also includes pending sale requests.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 














 which are fully-benefit responsive investment contracts
 are measured at contract value and have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy.

































 2015






964
























773












000






 2016






737










































 2014






411




































000






 2015






964






 2016 and December 31
 2015
 and target asset allocations for fiscal year 2017 are as follows:
































































































































































































 hedged equity funds
 and guaranteed insurance contracts.

030
363 shares and 2
030
363&#160;shares of the company&#8217;s common stock in the amount of $40.5 million and $43.6&#160;million (12.1% and 11.8% of total plan assets) as of December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015
 respectively. 

 achieve asset returns that meet or exceed the plans&#8217; actuarial assumptions
 and achieve asset returns that are competitive with like institutions employing similar investment strategies.












































000








341




















000








436












070








365








435






 but the company believed
 due to its strong cash flow and financial position
 this was an appropriate time at which to make the contribution in order to reduce the impact of future contributions. During fiscal 2017
 the company expects to pay $0.3 million in nonqualified pension benefits from corporate assets. There are no expected contributions to the qualified pension plans required under ERISA and the PPA during fiscal 2017. These amounts represent estimates that are based on assumptions that are subject to change.





 2015 and 2014 and expected to be paid from fiscal 2017 through fiscal 2026. Estimated future payments include qualified pension benefits that will be paid from the plans&#8217; assets (including potential payments for the lump sum option discussed above) and nonqualified pension benefits that will be paid from corporate assets (amounts in thousands):
























459














014














864




























675














349














157














762














916














858















 respectively paid in December 2014
 associated with a one-time voluntary lump sum offer.







 respectively
 paid as lump sums.&nbsp;&nbsp;The plans were amended effective January 1
 2016 to allow participants not yet receiving benefit payments to elect to receive their benefit as a single lump sum.


 this includes employees with at least 10 years of service who have reached age 55 and participate in a Flowers retirement plan. Retiree medical coverage is provided for a period of three to five years
 depending on the participant&#8217;s age and service at retirement. Participant premiums are determined using COBRA premium levels. Retiree life insurance benefits are offered to a closed group of retirees.&nbsp;&nbsp; The company also sponsors a medical
 dental
 and life insurance benefits plan to a limited and closed group of participants.




rement benefit plans includes the following components for fiscal years 2016
 2015 and 2014 (amounts in thousands):







































































































































































































































354




















































































688





























644





























 includes (gain) loss related to (higher) lower than expected Medicare Part D subsidy receipts.












 2016






 2016
































133








229








































































354




















125




















648








133




























































































125


































 end of year:














































648








133












648








133




















































960








417












648








133
































531








631
































005








317





















































































































































































































































































































































































































 2015
 and 2014 (amounts in thousands):
























































































































































































































































 the entire $0.7&#160;million expected funding for postretirement benefit plans during 2017 the entire amount will be required to pay for benefits. Contributions by participants to postretirement benefits were $0.3&#160;million
 $0.2&#160;million
 and $0.2&#160;million for fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively.





 2015 and 2014 and expected to be paid from fiscal 2017 through fiscal 2026. All benefits are expected to be paid from the company&#8217;s assets (amounts in thousands):














































































































































291







 $2.1&#160;million for fiscal 2015
 and $2.1&#160;million for fiscal 2014.

 the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the remaining participating employers. If we choose to stop participating in some of these multiemployer plans
 we may be required to pay those plans an amount based on the underfunded status of the plan
 referred to as a withdrawal liability. None of the contributions to the pension funds was in excess of 5% or more of the total contributions for plan years 2016
 2015
 and 2014. There are no contractually required minimum contributions to the plans as of December 31
 2016.

 if applicable. Unless otherwise noted
 the most recent PPA zone status available in 2016 and 2015 is for the plan&#8217;s year-end at December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015
 respectively. The zone status is based on information that the company received from the plan and is certified by the plan&#8217;s actuary. Among other factors
 plans in the red zone are generally less than 65 percent funded
 plans in the yellow zone are less than 80 percent funded
 and plans in the green zone are at least 80 percent funded. The FIP/RP Status Pending/Implemented column indicates plans for which a financial improvement plan (&#8220;FIP&#8221;) or a rehabilitation plan (&#8220;RP&#8221;) is either pending or has been implemented. The last column lists the expiration date(s) of the collective-bargaining agreements to which the plans are subject. Finally
 there have been no significant changes that affect the comparability of contributions.



ber 2014
 the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act of 2015 (the &#8220;2015 Appropriations Act&#8221;) was signed into law and materially amended the PPA funding rules. In general
led with a &#8220;critical&#8221; or &#8220;endangered&#8221; status as defined by the PPA
 the changes made by the 2015 Appropriations Act will materially impact
 on a going forward basis
 these prior funding status assessments. In any event
ct
 if any
 the 2015 Appropriations Act will have on our future obligations to the multi-employer pension plans in which we participate.
























































































































































































































































 Wholesale and Department

























































































































































194








121








077





















 2015
 and 2014
 the total cost and employer contributions were as follows (amounts in thousands):
























057












473












799





 at the time of each acquisition we assumed sponsorship of a 401(k) savings plan.&nbsp;&nbsp;We merged these two plans into the Flowers Foods 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan during fiscal 2016 after receipt of final determination letters.










 2015 and 2014 (amounts in thousands):






























































235








128








780












983








419








294












218








547








074








































656








236








691












801








057








550












457








293








241












761








840








315








ars 2016
 2015
 and 2014 (amounts in thousands):


































338








560








819






 net of federal income tax benefit






266








556








698












007








725








892




























310












761








840








315






 the most significant differences in the effective rate and the statutory rate are state income taxes offset by reductions for the Section&#160;199 qualifying production activities deduction. 

 
 and retrospectively adjusted our current deferred income tax asset balance of $37.2 million at January 2
 2016 to the long-term deferred income tax liability balance.&nbsp;&nbsp;











 2016






 2016












051








073












512








632












893








102












556








839












890








676




















391












537








408












548








718












801








409
































446








230












569








667












491








216












240








809












300








692












854








462






 and $4.1 million related to a federal capital loss carryforward
 which we expect to fully utilize before expiration. Additionally
 the company and various subsidiaries have a net deferred tax asset of $5.7&#160;million related to state net operating loss carryforwards
 and $2.6 million for credit carryforwards with expiration dates through fiscal 2035. The utilization of a portion of these state carryforwards could be limited in the future; therefore
 an immaterial valuation allowance has been recorded. Should the company determine at a later date that certain of these losses which have been reserved for may be utilized
 a benefit may be recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Likewise
 should the company determine at a later date that certain of these net operating losses for which a deferred tax asset has been recorded may not be utilized
 a charge to the Consolidated Statements of Income may be necessary. 

 2016 and January 2
 2016
 respectively. This change is primarily due to the addition of state reserves for uncertain positions taken in prior years
 which is partially offset by the expiration of the statute of limitations on several previously unrecognized tax benefits. These amounts are exclusive of interest accrued and are recorded in other long-term liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. If recognized
 the $1.8&#160;million (less $0.6&#160;million related to tax imposed in other jurisdictions) would impact the effective rate. 


 2016 and January 2
 2016
 respectively. 



jurisdiction as well as various state jurisdictions as &#8220;major&#8221; jurisdictions. The company is no longer subject to federal examinations for years prior to 2015
 and with limited exceptions
year
 the company closed a federal income tax audit with t

 2015 and 2014 (amounts in thousands):










































107








809












488




































380








702












754
















107






 we do not anticipate material changes to the amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits over the next twelve months.











 2016 and January 2
 2016
 respectively. The reserves include an estimate of expected settlements on pending claims
 defense costs and a provision for claims incurred but not reported. These estimates are based on the company&#8217;s assessment of potential liability using an analysis of available information with respect to pending claims
 historical experience and current cost trends. The amount of the company&#8217;s ultimate liability in respect of these matters may differ materially from these estimates.

 the company is contractually required to purchase the distribution rights from the independent distributor.&nbsp;&nbsp;The company expects to continue operating under this model and the possibility of a loss is remote.

 state and local laws and regulations regarding the discharge of material into the environment and the protection of the environment in other ways. The company is not a party to any material proceedings arising under these regulations. The company believes that compliance with existing environmental laws and regulations will not materially affect the consolidated financial condition
 results of operations
 cash flows or the competitive position of the company. The company believes it is currently in substantial compliance with all material environmental regulations affecting the company and its properties.&nbsp;&nbsp;On August 9
 2016
 the U.S. Department of Labor (the &#8220;DOL&#8221;) notified the company that it was scheduled for a compliance review under the Fair Labor Standards Act (&#8220;FLSA&#8221;).&nbsp;&nbsp;The company is cooperating with the DOL. 


 or targets of
 lawsuits
 claims
 investigations and proceedings
 including personal injury
 commercial
 contract
 environmental
 antitrust
 product liability
 health and safety and employment matters
 which are being handled and defended in the ordinary course of business. While the company is unable to predict the outcome of these matters
 it believes
 based upon currently available facts
 that it is remote that the ultimate resolution of any such pending matters will have a material adverse effect on its overall financial condition
 results of operations or cash flows in the future. However
 adverse developments could negatively impact earnings in a particular future fiscal period.



At this time
 cases
 each of which is discussed below and in each case where a class has been conditionally certified under the FLSA
 the company has the ability 














 Inc. and Flowers Baking Co. of Jamestown
 LLC


 2012
 Scott Rehberg and certain other plaintiffs filed a complaint against the company and one of its subsidiaries in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of North Carolina.&nbsp;&nbsp;On March 22
 2013
 the court conditionally certified under the FLSA a collective action consisting of all individuals who entered into a distributor agreement with Flowers Baking Co. of Jamestown
 LLC (&#8220;Jamestown&#8221;) after September 12
 2009.&nbsp;&nbsp;On March 24
 2015
 the court certified a North Carolina state law wage claim as a class action consisting of all individuals located within the State of North Carolina who entered into a distributor agreement with Jamestown after September 12
 2009. &#160;On December 9
 2016
 the company announced that it reached an agreement to settle this matter for a payment of $9.0 million
 comprised of $5.2 million in settlement funds and $3.8 million in attorneys&#8217; fees.&nbsp;&nbsp;The settlement also contains certain non-economic terms that are intended to strengthen and enhance the independent contractor model
 which remains in place. The parties are working to obtain court approval of this settlement.&nbsp;&nbsp; This settlement charge has been recorded as a selling
 distribution and administrative expense in our Consolidated Statements of Income during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016.










 Inc.
 Flowers Bakeries Brands
 Inc.
 Flowers Baking Co. of California
 LLC
 and Flowers Baking Co. of Henderson
 LLC


 2015
 Giovanni Martinez and certain other plaintiffs filed various California state law wage claims against the company and certain of its subsidiaries in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California.&nbsp;&nbsp;On February 1
 2016
 the court denied a motion to certify these claims as a class action.&nbsp;&nbsp;This lawsuit was settled on confidential terms
 and dismissed on July 7
 2016.&nbsp;&nbsp;The denial of the class certification is currently on appeal to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.










 Inc. and Flowers Baking Co. of Batesville
 LLC


 2015
 Jacky Stewart and certain other plaintiffs filed a complaint against the company and one of its subsidiaries in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Tennessee.&nbsp;&nbsp;On August 12
 2016
 the court conditionally certified under the FLSA a collective action consisting of all individuals who entered into a distributor agreement with Flowers Baking Co. of Batesville
 LLC
 after July 2
 2012. &#160;The court limited the conditionally certified class to distributors operating out of designated warehouse locations in the State of Tennessee only.










 Inc. and Holsum Bakery
 Inc.


 2015
 Terry Coyle filed a complaint against the company and one of its subsidiaries in the U.S. District Court for the District of Arizona.&nbsp;&nbsp;On August 30
 2016
 the court conditionally certified under the FLSA a collective action consisting of all individuals who entered into a distributor agreement with Holsum Bakery
 Inc. after August 30
 2013.&nbsp;&nbsp; The court limited the conditionally certified class to distributors operating within the State of Arizona.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Plaintiff also alleges in his complaint Arizona state law wage claims.










 Inc. and Derst Baking Co.
 LLC


 2016
 Paul McCurley filed a complaint against the company and one of its subsidiaries in the U.S. District Court for the District of South Carolina.&nbsp;&nbsp;On October 24
 2016
 the Court conditionally certified under the FLSA a collective action consisting of all individuals who entered into a distributor agreement with Derst Baking Co.
 LLC after January 20
 2013.&nbsp;&nbsp;The company has the ability to petition the court to decertify this class at a later date.&nbsp;&nbsp;Plaintiff also alleges in his complaint a South Carolina state law wage claim.










 Inc.
 Lepage Bakeries Park Street
 LLC
 and CK Sales Co.
 LLC


 2015
 Nick Neff and certain other plaintiffs filed a complaint against the company and certain of its subsidiaries in the U.S. District Court for the District of Vermont.&nbsp;&nbsp;On November 7
 2016
 the court conditionally certified under the FLSA a collective action consisting of all individuals who entered into a distributor agreement with Lepage Bakeries Park Street
 LLC or CK Sales Co.
 LLC after December 2
 2012.&nbsp;&nbsp;The court excluded from the class distributors operating in the State of Maine. Plaintiffs also allege in their complaint Vermont state law wage and consumer fraud claims.
















Noll v. Flowers Foods
 Inc.
 Lepage Bakeries Park Street
 LLC
 and CK Sales Co.
 LLC


 2015
 Timothy Noll filed a complaint against the company and certain of its subsidiaries in the U.S. District Court for the District of Maine.&nbsp;&nbsp;On January 20
 2017
 the court conditionally certified under the FLSA a collective action consisting of all individuals who entered into a distributor agreement with Lepage Bakeries Park Street
 LLC or CK Sales Co.
 LLC after December 3
 2012.&nbsp;&nbsp;The court limited the class to distributors operating within the State of Maine. Plaintiff also alleges in his complaint Maine state law wage claims.












 Inc. and Flowers Baking Co. of Houston
 LLC


 2016
 Raul Zapata and certain other plaintiffs filed a complaint against the company and one of its subsidiaries in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Texas.&nbsp;&nbsp;On December 20
 2016
 the court conditionally certified under the FLSA a collective action consisting of all individuals who entered into a distributor agreement with Flowers Baking Co. of Houston
 LLC after December 13
 2013.&nbsp;&nbsp;The court limited the class to distributors in the State of Texas who hired helpers.












 Inc. and Flowers Baking Co. of Houston
 LLC


 2016
 David Rodriguez and certain other plaintiffs filed a complaint against the company and one of its subsidiaries in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Texas.&nbsp;&nbsp;On December 13
 2016
 the court conditionally certified under the FLSA a collective action consisting of all individuals who entered into a distributor agreement with Flowers Baking Co. of Houston
 LLC after December 13
 2013.&nbsp;&nbsp;The court limited the class to distributors in the State of Texas who did not hire helpers.












 Inc.
 Flowers Baking Co. of Lafayette
 LLC
 Flowers Baking Co. of Baton Rouge
 LLC
 Flowers Baking Co. of Tyler
 LLC and Flowers Baking Co. of New Orleans
 LLC


 2015
 Antoine Richard and certain other plaintiffs filed a complaint against the company and certain of its subsidiaries in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Louisiana.&nbsp;&nbsp;On November 28
 2016
 the court conditionally certified under the FLSA a collective action consisting of all individuals who entered into a distributor agreement with Flowers Baking Co. of Lafayette
 LLC
 Flowers Baking Co. of Baton Rouge
 LLC
 and Flowers Baking Co. of Tyler
 LLC.&nbsp;&nbsp;The court limited the class to distributors operating within the State of Louisiana.&nbsp;&nbsp;Plaintiffs also allege in their complaint a Louisiana state law wage claim.&nbsp;&nbsp;On February 15
 2017
 the court allowed Plaintiffs to reassert claims against Flowers Baking Co. of New Orleans
 LLC
 which previously had been dismissed from the case.












 Inc. and Flowers Baking Co. of Oxford
 LLC




 2015
 Matthew Carr and certain other plaintiffs filed a complaint against the company and one of its subsidiaries in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania.&nbsp;&nbsp;On January 26
 2017
 the Court conditionally certified under the FLSA a collective action consisting of all individuals who entered into a distributor agreement with Flowers Baking Co. of Oxford
 LLC after December 1
 2012.&nbsp;&nbsp;Plaintiffs also allege in their complaint New York
 Pennsylvania
 and Maryland state law wage claims.












 Inc. and Flowers Baking Co. of Oxford
 LLC




 2016
 Luke Boulange filed a complaint against the company and one of its subsidiaries in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey.&nbsp;&nbsp;Thereafter
 litigation.&nbsp;&nbsp;On January 26
 2017
 the Court conditionally certified under the FLSA a collective action consisting of all individuals who entered into a distributor agreement with Flowers Baking Co. of Oxford
 LLC after December 1
 2012.&nbsp;&nbsp;Plaintiff also alleges in his complaint New Jersey state law wage claims.




 except for lawsuits disclosed herein that have reached a settlement or agreement in principle
 a loss is reasonably possible but the company cannot reasonably estimate at this time the possible loss or range of loss that may arise from the unresolved lawsuits.&nbsp;&nbsp;

 2016
 Flowers Foods' subsidiary
 Lepage Bakeries

 LLC and CK Sales Co.

 originally filed by Bart Bokanoski and certain other plaintiffs in the U.S. District Court for the District of Connecticut on January 6
 2015
 for $1.25 million
 including attorneys' fees. The settlement also includes certain non-economic terms which are intended to strengthen and enhance the independent contractor model. This agreement
 which includes 49 territories
 is subject to court approval.&nbsp;&nbsp;This settlement was recorded in selling
 distribution and administrative expenses in our Consolidated Statements of Income during the third quarter of our fiscal 2016.



On August 12
 2016
 District Court for the Southern District of New York by Chris B. Hendley (the &#8220;Hendley complaint&#8221;) against the company and certain senior members of management (collectively
 the &#8220;defendants&#8221;). On August 17
 2016
in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York by Scott Dovell
 II (the &#8220;Dovell complaint&#8221; and together with the Hendley complaint
d company securities between February 7
 2013 and August 10
e with applicable federal laws and regulations; (2) such non-compliance exposed the company to legal liability and/or negative regulatory action; and (3) as a result
 the defendants&#8217; statements about the company&#8217;s business
 operations
on under the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure
 (2) compensatory damages in favor of the plaintiffs and all other class members against the defendants
 jointly and severally
 for all damages sustained as a result of wrongdoing
trial
 including interest
 and (3) awarding plaintiffs and the class their reasonable costs and expenses incurred in the actions
On October 21
 2016
ated the complaints into one action captioned &#8220;In re Flowers Foods
 Inc. Securities Litigation&#8221; (the &#8220;consolidated action&#8221;)
 appointed Walter Matthews as lead plaintiff (&#8220;lead plaintiff&#8221;)
 and appointed Glancy Prongay &amp; Murray LLP and Johnson &amp; Weaver
 as co-lead counsel for the putative class.&nbsp;&nbsp;On November 21
 2016
Consolidated Class Action Complaint (&#8220;Complaint&#8221;) on January 12
 2017
s scheduling order
 defendants must answer
 move
 or otherwise respond to the Complaint by March 13
 2017
 lead plaintiff must file an opposition brief by May 12
 2017
 and defendants must file any reply memoranda by June 12
respective subsidiaries are vigorously defending these lawsuits. Given the stage of the complaints and the claims and issues presented
 the company cannot reasonably estimate at this time the possible loss or range of loss
 if any
 that may arise from the 



 for additional information on the company&#8217;s commitments.










 buns
 rolls
 tortillas
 and snack cakes and the Warehouse Segment produces fresh and frozen bread and rolls and snack cakes.

 See Note 8
 
 for more detailed disclosures for these acquisitions.&nbsp;&nbsp;DKB is included in our DSD Segment and Alpine is included in our Warehouse Segment.&nbsp;&nbsp;Their results from operations and impact on our total assets are included in the tables below in their respective segment.&nbsp;&nbsp;



 loss before interest and income taxes
s of these segments is as follows for fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and 2014 (amounts in thousands): 






























































347
616








242
482








227
695












233








170








541








































525








013








175












439








134








088












926
885








778
505








748
973








































877








771








308




































































877








771








308








































009








801








881












138








734








166








































869








175








961








































495








361








231












465








266








451












070








748








287












890








879








395












905








815








288












552








967








947












537








031








054








































669








148








454












792








596








468












266








029








856












727








773








778














 2016






 2016
































344
616








409
902












006








029












446








120












761
068








844
051












 acquisition costs
 and the fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2014 pension settlement losses.







 deferred taxes and deferred financing costs.



Sales by product category in each reportable segment are as follows for fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and 2014&#160;(amounts in thousands):


































































































282
892








113
595








297








151
514








011
433








081








102
028








971
851








177












523








705








818








827








467








360








617








886








731












061
470








877








593








055
164








448








716








038
328








870








458












926
885








284
177








708








778
505








179
348








157








748
973








155
607








366














 except the first quarter
 which includes sixteen weeks (amounts in thousands
 except per share data): 
















































204
352








025








791








717
















146
045








795








302








363






 supplies
 labor and other production costs












190








955








760








462
















916








253








045








939
















363








155








216








042
















389








760








796








246






































































































































































 a legal settlement ($9.25 million)
 and a pension settlement loss ($0.2 million).&nbsp;&nbsp;See Note 2
 
 Note 6
 
 and Note 7
 
 for additional information on these items.&nbsp;&nbsp;During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016
 we identified and recorded out-of-period adjustments of $2.3 million for an intangible asset impairment which related to the second quarter of fiscal 2016 and a $0.9 million reduction to deferred tax expense which related to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015.&nbsp;&nbsp;The net impact of these two items resulted in $0.5 million of lower net income in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016.&nbsp;&nbsp;We concluded that the correction of the errors was not material to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 or to any of the prior periods that were impacted. 









 2016
 the date of these financial statements.&nbsp;&nbsp;We believe there were no material events or transactions discovered during this evaluation that requires recognition or disclosure in the financial statements other than the items discussed below.
.&nbsp;&nbsp;On January 14
 2017
 the company completed the sale of a non-core mix manufacturing business located in Cedar Rapids
 Iowa for $44.0 million
 subject to finalizing a working capital adjustment.&nbsp;&nbsp;This resulted in a preliminary gain on sale in the range of $31.0 million to $33.0 million
 which will be recognized in the first quarter of fiscal 2017.&nbsp;&nbsp;
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;On February&#160;17
 2017
 the Board of Directors declared a dividend of $0.16 per share on the company&#8217;s common stock to be paid on March&#160;17
 2017 to shareholders of record on March&#160;3
 2017.
















flo-ex1025_1520.htm







 (the &#8220;Date of Grant&#8221;) by and between FLOWERS FOODS
 INC.
 a Georgia corporation (the &#8220;Company&#8221; or &#8220;Flowers&#8221;)
 and 






.&nbsp;&nbsp;Subject to and upon the terms
 conditions
 and restrictions set forth in this Agreement and in the Company&#8217;s 2001 Equity and Performance Incentive Plan
 as amended (the &#8220;Plan&#8221;)
 the Company hereby grants to the Grantee as of the Date of Grant 






&nbsp;&nbsp;The Restricted Stock may not be transferred
 sold
 pledged
 exchanged
 assigned or otherwise encumbered or disposed of by the Grantee
 except to the Company
 until it has become nonforfeitable in accordance with Section 3.&nbsp;&nbsp;Any purported transfer
 encumbrance or other disposition of the Restricted Stock that is in violation of this Section&#160;2 shall be null and void
 and the other party to any such purported transaction shall not obtain any rights to or interest in the Restricted Stock.






.&nbsp;&nbsp;(a)&nbsp;&nbsp;On the fourth anniversary of the Date of Grant
 the Restricted Stock shall become nonforfeitable
 subject to the Grantee remaining in the continuous employ of the Company until said date; 
such number of vested shares shall be reduced if and as necessary to equal one dollar ($1) less than an amount equal to 0.5% of the cummulative earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization as determined under generally accepted accounting principles (EBITDA) for the three year period including 2014
 2015 and 2016
 inclusive. For purposes of this Agreement
 Grantee&#8217;s employment with the Company will be deemed to have ceased as of his &#8220;Separation from Service&#8221; as defined in Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended (the &#8220;Code&#8221;).&nbsp;&nbsp;In the case of a Grantee&#8217;s receiving short term disability benefits
 employment will be deemed to have ceased on the last day for which such short term benefits are paid.









 all of the Restricted Stock shall immediately become nonforfeitable in the event:









 as amended (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;)
 as determined by the Flowers Board of Directors (the &#8220;Board&#8221;)
 in its sole discretion; provided that
 without limitation
 such a Change of Control shall be deemed to have occurred if:











any &#8220;Person&#8221; (as such term is defined in Sections 13(d) or 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act; hereafter
 a &#8220;Person&#8221;) is on the date hereof or becomes the beneficial owner
 directly or indirectly
 of securities of Flowers representing 35% or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding &#8220;voting stock&#8221; the owners of which are entitled to vote on the elections of directors of the Board (&#8220;Voting Stock&#8221;) of Flowers; provided
 however
 that for purposes of this Section (A)
 the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change of Control:









 (b)&#160;any acquisition of Voting Stock of Flowers by Flowers
 or any Subsidiary
 and (c)&#160;any acquisition of Voting Stock of Flowers by the trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by Flowers
 or any Subsidiary (the term &#8220;Successors&#8221; shall mean those directors whose election or nomination for election by shareholders has been approved by the vote of at least two-thirds of the Original Directors and previously qualified Successors serving as directors of Flowers as the case may be
 at the time of such election or nomination for election);









 stock split or similar transaction effected by Flowers in which all holders of Voting Stock of Flowers are treated equally
 such subsequent acquisition shall be treated as a Change of Control;




















transactions that is approved by a majority of the Original Directors or their Successors unless and until such Person thereafter becomes the beneficial owner of any additional shares of Voting Stock of Flowers representing 1% or more of the then-outstanding Voting Stock of Flowers other than as a result of a stock dividend
 stock split or similar transaction effected by Flowers in which all holders of Voting Stock are treated equally; or









 and such Person divests as promptly as practicable but no later than the date
 if any
 set by the Original Directors or their Successors a sufficient number of shares so that such Person beneficially owns less than 35% of the Voting Stock of Flowers then no Change of Control shall have occurred as a result of such Person&#8217;s acquisition.









 as the case may be
 having less than 60% of the &#8220;voting power&#8221; of Flowers or any surviving or new corporation
 as the case may be
 including &#8220;voting power&#8221; exercisable on a contingent or deferred basis as well as immediately exercisable &#8220;voting power
&#8221; excluding any merger or combination of a wholly owned Subsidiary into Flowers
 or of Flowers into a wholly owned Subsidiary; or









 lease
 exchange or other transfer or disposition of all or substantially all of its assets to any Person other than to a wholly owned Subsidiary
 but not including (i)&#160;a mortgage or pledge of assets granted in connection with a financing or (ii) a spin-off or sale of assets if Flowers continues in existence and its common shares are listed on a national securities exchange
 quoted on the automated quotation system of a national securities association or traded in the over-the-counter market; or



























































 the term &#8220;Subsidiary&#8221; means a corporation
 partnership
 joint venture
 unincorporated association or other entity in which the Company has a direct or indirect majority ownership or other equity interest
 or such other ownership interest amount determined by this Agreement or the Board.






.&nbsp;&nbsp;Provided Grantee has vested in his Restricted Shares
 such shall be delivered to the Grantee (or the Grantee&#8217;s designated Beneficiary
 in the event of death) no later than thirty (30) days following the earliest of the applicable date described below:




















 where (i)&#160;delivery is to be made within thirty (30) days following Separation from Service
 (ii)&#160;this Agreement is governed by Section 409A of the Code and (iii)&#160;on the date of such Separation from Service Grantee is a &#8220;Specified Employee&#8221; (within the meaning of Code Section 409A)
 then such delivery shall be delayed in all events until the first business day of the seventh month following the date of the Grantee&#8217;s Separation from Service.&nbsp;&nbsp;






.&nbsp;&nbsp;Subject to Section&#160;3
 the Restricted Stock that does not fully vest shall be forfeited if the Grantee ceases to be continuously employed by the Company at any time prior to the applicable vesting date.&nbsp;&nbsp;






Dividend

 the Grantee shall not have the rights of a stockholder with respect to the Restricted Stock prior to vesting in accordance with Section 3 hereof.&nbsp;&nbsp;For the avoidance of doubt
 the Grantee will not have the right to vote such Restricted Stock
 and if any dividends are paid thereon
 such dividends will be deferred until vested in accordance with Section 3 and paid in accordance with Section 4.&nbsp;&nbsp;Additionally
 Flowers Common Stock or other securities that the Grantee may become entitled to receive pursuant to a stock dividend
 stock split
 combination of Stock
 recapitalization
 merger
 consolidation
 separation or reorganization or any other change in the capital structure of the Company shall be subject to the same vesting and payment timing restrictions as the Restricted Stock.










of the Company
 together with a stock power endorsed in blank by the Grantee with respect thereto
 until the Restricted Stock has become nonforfeitable in accordance with Section&#160;3.&nbsp;&nbsp;In order for the Grant under this Agreement to be effective
 the Grantee must sign and return the attached stock powers to the attention of the Secretary of the Company.






.&nbsp;&nbsp;Nothing contained in this Agreement shall confer upon the Grantee any right with respect to continuance of employment by the Company
 nor limit or affect in any manner the right of the Company to terminate the employment or adjust the compensation of the Grantee.






.&nbsp;&nbsp;If the Company shall be required to withhold any federal
 state
 local or foreign tax in connection with the issuance or vesting of any Restricted Stock or other amounts pursuant to this Agreement
 the Grantee shall pay the tax or make provisions that are satisfactory to the Company for the payment thereof.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Grantee may elect to satisfy all or any part of any such withholding obligation by surrendering to the Company a portion of the nonforfeitable shares of Common Stock that are issued or transferred to the Grantee hereunder
 and the shares of Common Stock so surrendered by the Grantee shall be credited against any such withholding obligation at the Market Value per Share of such shares on the date of such surrender.






.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company shall make reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable federal and state securities laws; provided
 however
 notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement
 the Company shall not be obligated to issue any restricted or nonrestricted shares of Common Stock or other securities pursuant to this Agreement if the issuance thereof would result in a violation of any such law.






.&nbsp;&nbsp;Any economic or other benefit to the Grantee under this Agreement shall not be taken into account in determining any benefits to which the Grantee may be entitled under any profit&#8209;sharing
 retirement or other benefit or compensation plan maintained by the Company and shall not affect the amount of any life insurance coverage or any other group insurance coverage available to any beneficiary under any insurance plan covering employees of the Company. 






.&nbsp;&nbsp;Any amendment to the Plan shall be deemed to be an amendment to this Agreement to the extent that the amendment is applicable hereto; provided
 however
 that no amendment shall adversely affect the rights of the Grantee under this Agreement without the Grantee&#8217;s written consent.






.&nbsp;&nbsp;In the event that one or more of the provisions of this Agreement shall be invalidated for any reason by a court of competent jurisdiction
 any provision so invalidated shall be deemed to be separable from the other provisions hereof
 and the remaining provisions hereof shall continue to be valid and fully enforceable.










.&nbsp;&nbsp;This Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.&nbsp;&nbsp;In the event of any inconsistent provisions between this Agreement and the Plan
 the Plan shall govern.&nbsp;&nbsp;Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Plan.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Compensation Committee acting pursuant to the Plan
 as constituted from time to time
 shall
 except as expressly provided otherwise herein
 have the right to determine any questions which arise in connection with this grant.






.&nbsp;&nbsp;The provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of
 and be binding upon
 the successors
 administrators
 heirs
 legal representatives and assigns of the Grantee
 and the successors and assigns of the Company.&nbsp;&nbsp;






.&nbsp;&nbsp;The interpretation
 performance
 and enforcement of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Georgia
 without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws thereof.&nbsp;&nbsp;






.&nbsp;&nbsp;Any notice to the Company provided for herein shall be in writing to the Company
 marked Attention: Corporate Secretary
 and any notice to the Grantee shall be addressed to said Grantee at his or her address currently on file with the Company.&nbsp;&nbsp;Except as otherwise provided herein
 any written notice shall be deemed to be duly given if and when delivered personally or deposited in the United States mail
 first class registered mail
 postage and fees prepaid
 and addressed as aforesaid.&nbsp;&nbsp;Any party may change the address to which notices are to be given hereunder by written notice to the other party as herein specified (provided that for this purpose any mailed notice shall be deemed given on the third business day following deposit of the same in the United States mail).






.&nbsp;&nbsp;To the extent applicable
 it is intended that this Agreement and the Plan comply with the provisions of Section 409A of the Code
 so that the income inclusion provisions of Section 409A(a)(1) do not apply to the Grantee. This Agreement and the Plan shall be administered and construed in a manner consistent with this intent.






.&nbsp;&nbsp;By signing below
 the Grantee consents that the Company may process the Grantee&#8217;s personal data
 including name
 Social Security number
 address and number of Restricted Shares (&#8220;Data&#8221;) exclusively for the purpose of performing this Agreement
 in particular in connection with the Restricted Shares awarded to the Grantee. For this purpose the Data may also be disclosed to and processed by companies outside the Company
 
 banks involved.




IN WITNESS WHEREOF
 the Company has caused this Agreement to be executed on its behalf by its duly authorized officer and Grantee has also executed this Agreement in duplicate
 as of the day and year first above written.










 INC.






















































































































flo-ex1028_819.htm







 INC.



&#8221;) is a Participant in the Flowers Foods
&#8221;) and is an employee of Flowers Foods
 Inc. (the &#8220;

 a Target grant of Performance Stock (&#8220;Performance Stock&#8221;) to the Grantee has been duly authorized by a resolution of the

 THEREFORE
 pursuant to the Plan
&#8221;) whereby one-half (&#189;) or of such Performance Stock shall be designated &#8220;ROIC Shares&#8221; and one-half (&#189;) or shall be designated &#8220;TSR Shares
&#8221; as both terms are defined in Section 1(b) and (c)
 respectively.
.&nbsp;&nbsp;a)&nbsp;&nbsp;On the Vesting Date
 the Performance Stock shall become nonforfeitable
 subject to the Grantee having remained in the continuous employ of the Company and/or Subsidiary until said date and only to the extent that the Performance Criteria listed in sub-sections (b) and/or (c) below have been met as of said date.&nbsp;&nbsp;For purposes of this Agreement
 Grantee&#8217;s employment with the Company or Subsidiary will be deemed to have ceased as of the last day worked.&nbsp;&nbsp;In the case of a Grantee having received short term disability benefits
 employment will be deemed to have ceased on the last day for which such short term benefits are paid
 unless the Grantee immediately returns to active employment.&nbsp;&nbsp;For the purposes of this Agreement
 the continuous employment of the Grantee with the Company or a Subsidiary will not be deemed to have been interrupted
 and the Grantee will not be deemed to have ceased to be an employee of the Company or a Subsidiary
 by reason of (i) the termination of his employment by the Company or a Subsidiary and immediate rehire by the Company (if the Company was not the original employer) or by another Subsidiary or (ii) an approved leave of absence.

 the following Performance Criteria must be achieved during the period commencing January 1
 2017 and ending December 31
 2018:&nbsp;&nbsp;the Company&#8217;s average return on invested capital (&#8220;











In the event that the requirements of subparagraph (b)(i) above are satisfied
 the grant of Target ROIC Shares shall be earned as indicated below. For this purpose
 the performance period is the eight fi










































January 1

 2018 compared to the &#8220;total return to shareholders&#8221; of Flowers peer group companies (&#8220;









 based on the table below
 from January 1
 2017 through the quarter ending prices for March 31
 2018
 June 30
 2018
 September 30
 2018 and December&#160;31
 2018 will be averaged to determine the final percent of Target TSR Shares earned.

















































 2018 because of Retirement
 a pro rata portion of Performance Stock shall become nonforfeitable on the Vesting Date based on the actual performance achieved under Section&#160;1(b) and (c) whereby the pro rata portion shall be determined by dividing the number of complete fiscal quarters from the Date of Grant until Retirement compared with eight (8). The distribution of the nonforfeitable Performance Stock under this subsection (e) shall be made at the same time as Performance Stock under Section 1(d).



(f) Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 1(a)-(e)
 event of an occurrence described below
 all or a portion of the Grant of Performance Stock under this Agreement shall immediately become nonforfeitable as described below in subsections (i) and (ii) and such vested Performance Stock shall be distributed w









 2018 and such involuntary termination is for reasons other than for Cause or Grantee terminates his or her employment for Good Reason or (B) such Grant of Performance Stock is not assumed or converted into replacement awards after the Change in Control
 (1) ROIC Shares shall pay out at Target
 and (2) TSR Shares shall pay out as follows: (x) if twelve (12) months of the performance period have been completed
 payout is based on TSR as of the Change in Control date without application of 4-quarter averaging
 or (y) if twelve (12) months of the performance period have not been completed
 payout is at Target; or









 2018 because of Disability or death
 the payout of ROIC Shares and TSR Shares shall be at Target
 respectively.









 means termination of employment after either (A)&#160;attainment of age sixty-five (65)
 or (B)&#160;attainment of age fifty-five (55) provided Grantee has accrued ten (10) years of service.


























 means (A)&#160;GAAP net income as reported by the Company with the following adjustments:&nbsp;&nbsp;(1) after-tax interest will be added back and (2)&#160;the Committee may adjust for extraordinary
 infrequent or unusual items as defined by GAAP and as agreed to by the external auditors of the Company divided by (B)&#160;the average of the beginning and ending Company debt plus shareholder equity with the average calculated using the eight&#160;(8) full calendar quarters of financial data commencing January 1
 2017 and ending December 31
 2018.











 mean the total shareholder returns calculated as described in the definition of Flowers TSR but determined for each of the following twenty (20) peer group companies:&nbsp;&nbsp;Mondelez International
 Inc.
 Snyders-Lance
 Inc.
p
 Inc.
 Hershey Company
 Treehouse Foods
 Inc.
 Smucker (J.M.) Company
 McCormick &amp; Company
 Inc.
 B&amp;G Foods
 Inc.
 J and J Snack Foods Corp.
 Lancaster Colony Corp.
 Hormel Foods Corp.
 General Mills
 Inc.
 Kellogg Company
 Campbell Soup Company
 Foods
 Inc.
 Dean Foods Company
 The Kraft Heinz Company.
 Whitewave Foods Company
 Post Holdings
 Inc and Pinnacle Foods
 performance period and (2)&#160;if acquired on or after such one-year period
 the peer group company will be positioned relative to the Company&#8217;s TSR based on the acquired company&#8217;s TSR through the trading day which is twenty (20) trading days before the acqui








 means the rank order from the bottom of Flowers&#8217; TSR vs. the Peer Group TSRs on a scale of 100
 as calculated by Microsoft Excel&#174;
 with Flowers Foods included in the group for this purpose.






















































 intentional misrepresentation
 embezzlement
 acts of dishonesty
 misappropriation or conversion of any asset or business opportunity of the Company;









 or entering into a plea of nolo contendere to
 a felony;











an intentional
 repeated or continuing violation of any of the Company&#8217;s pol









 including the terms of this Plan (other than a failure to perform Participant&#8217;s duties with the Company resulting from the Participant&#8217;s incapacity due to physical or mental illness or from the assignment to the Participant of duties that would constitute Good Reason)
 which is material and which is not cured within thirty (30) days after written notice thereof from the Company to the Participant;




































 responsibilities or authority from that which exists on the Change in Control date (For the avoidance of doubt
 a change in title or reporting alone does not constitute &#8220;Good Reason&#8221; under this Section (A).);



























 as measured by grant date economic values determined by a third-party compensation firm chosen by the Company and using generally accepted methodologies
 which may include annualizing prior year long-term incentive grants over more than one year and ignoring prior special retention or sign-on grants;




















the relocation of the Company&#8217;s principal executive offices more than fifty (50) miles from their current location
ased at the Company&#8217;s principal executive offices
 or the requirement of the participant to be based at a location more than fifty (50) miles from the participant&#8217;s location as of the Change of Control; 


















 Change of Control Severance Plan (the &#8220;COC Severance Plan&#8221;) or to amend such COC Severance Plan in violation of its terms; 












 before a termination by a Grantee will constitute termination for Good Reason
 the Grantee must give the Company a notice of termination of employment within thirty (30) calendar days following the occurrence of the event that constitutes Good Reason. For a Grantee terminated prior to and in anticipation of a Change in Control during the period that is six (6) months preceding the Change in Control date
 the event that constitutes Good Reason is the consummation of the transaction. Failure to provide such notice of termination of employment within such 30-day period shall be conclusive proof that the Grantee shall not have Good Reason to terminate employment.

. (a) If the Grantee ceases to be continuously employed by the Company and/or Subsidiary at any time prior to the Vesting Date
 any Performance Stock that have not theretofore become nonforfeitable in accordance with the terms of Section 1 shall be forfeited. 



(b) In any event
mmittee&#8217;s guidelines as of the Date of Grant
 then the Grantee shall forfeit a fraction of the initial Grant
 but shall be entitled to retain the remaining fraction of the initial Grant
 subject to the provisions of this Agreement
ided by eight (8).&nbsp;&nbsp;Notwithstanding the foregoing
 solely for purposes of this Agreement
 the Committee may determine in its sole discretion that an apparent demotion (as opposed to an actual demotion) shall not cause a forfeiture.
Dividend

 the Grantee shall have none of the rights of a stockholder with respect to the Performance Stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;A notional cash account for the Grantee shall be credited with an amount equal to any cash dividends paid by the Company on its common stock during the full or partial performance period as determined under Section 1.&nbsp;&nbsp;Such notional cash dividends shall become non-forfeitable only with respect to the corresponding Performance Stock that ultimately vest in accordance with Section 1.&nbsp;&nbsp;Non-forfeitable notional cash dividends will be distributed in cash
 without interest
 when the corresponding vested Performance Stock are paid out as set forth in Sections 1(d) or (e)
 there is an occurrence described in Section 1(f)
 in which case such nonforfeitable notional dividends shall be paid in cash
 without interest
 at the same time as the corresponding vested Performance Stock described in Section 1(f). 

&nbsp;&nbsp;Performance Stock may not be transferred
 sold
 pledged
 exchanged
 assigned or otherwise encumbered or disposed of by the Grantee
 except to the Company
 until such shares have been paid out. Any purported transfer
 encumbrance or other disposition of the Performance Stock that is in violation of this Section&#160;5 shall be null and void
 and the other party to any such purported transaction shall not obtain any rights to or interest in the Performance Stock. 
.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company will make reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable federal and state securities laws; provided
 however
 notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement
 the Company will not be obligated to issue any restricted or nonrestricted shares of Common Stock or other securities pursuant to this Agreement if the issuance thereof would result in a violation of any such law.
 The Committee may make any adjustments in the number and kind of shares of stock or other securities covered by this Agreement that the Committee may determine to be equitably required to prevent dilution or enlargement of the Grantee&#8217;s rights under this Agreement that would otherwise result from any (a)&#160;stock dividend
 stock split
 combination of shares
 recapitalization or other change in the capital structure of the Company
 (b) merger
 consolidation
 spin-off
 spin-out
 split-off
 split-up
 reorganization
 partial or complete liquidation or other distribution of assets
 issuance of rights or warrants to purchase securities or 



oregoing.&nbsp;&nbsp;Furthermore
 in the event of any transaction or event described or referred to in the immediately preceding sentence
 the Committee may provide in substitution for any or all of the Grantee&#8217;s rights under this Agreement such alternative consider
.&nbsp;&nbsp;To the extent that the Company or Subsidiary is required to withhold any federal
 state
 local or foreign tax in connection with the issuance or vesting of any Performance Stock or other amounts pursuant to this Agreement
 and the amounts available to the Company for such withholding are insufficient
 it shall be a condition to the delivery of the shares to the Grantee that the Grantee shall pay the tax in cash or make provisions that are satisfactory to the Company for the payment thereof.

.&nbsp;&nbsp;Any economic or other benefit to the Grantee under this Agreement will not be taken into account in determining any benefits to which the Grantee may be entitled under any profit&#8209;sharing
 retirement or other benefit or compensation plan maintained by the Company or a Subsidiary and will not affect the amount of any life insurance coverage available to any beneficiary under any life insurance plan covering employees of the Company or any Subsidiary
 unless provided otherwise in any such plan.
&nbsp;&nbsp;The Performance Stock granted under this Agreement and all of the terms and conditions hereof are subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Plan.&nbsp;&nbsp;Capitalized terms in this Agreement may be defined herein
 defined in the Plan or in both places.&nbsp;&nbsp;In the event of any inconsistency between this Agreement and the Plan
 the terms of the Plan will govern.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Committee acting pursuant to the Plan
 as constituted from time to time
 shall
 except as expressly provided otherwise herein
 have the right to determine any questions which arise in connection with the Performance Stock or its vesting.
to Management Objectives
 and the Participant either received an award of Option Rights
Stock
Shares
Units or any other award granted under the Plan
overstatement
forfeit
applicable
exclusive




.&nbsp;&nbsp;Subject to the terms of Section 17 of the Plan
provided
 however
 that no amendment will adversely affect the rights of the Grantee under this Agreement without the Grantee&#8217;s consent.
.&nbsp;&nbsp;In the event that one or more of the provisions of this Agreement is invalidated for any reason by a court of competent jurisdiction
 any provision so invalidated will be deemed to be separable from the other provisions hereof
 and the remaining provisions hereof will continue to be valid and fully enforceable.
.&nbsp;&nbsp;Without limiting Section 5 hereof
 the provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of
 and be binding upon
 the successors
 administrators
 heirs
 legal representatives and assigns of the Grantee
 and the successors and assigns of the Company.

.&nbsp;&nbsp;Any notice to the Company provided for herein shall be in writing to the Company at the principal executive office of the Company
 marked Attention:&nbsp;&nbsp;Corporate Secretary
 and any notice to the Grantee shall be addressed to said Grantee at his or her address currently on file with the Company.&nbsp;&nbsp;Except as otherwise provided herein
 any written notice shall be deemed to be duly given if and when delivered personally or deposited in the United States mail
 first class registered mail
 postage and fees prepaid
 and addressed as aforesaid.&nbsp;&nbsp;Any party may change the address to which notices are to be given hereunder by written notice to the other party as herein specified (provided that for this purpose any mailed notice shall be deemed given on the third business day following deposit of the same in the United States mail).
&nbsp;&nbsp;In addition to the following defined terms and terms defined elsewhere herein
 when used in the Agreement
 terms with initial capital letters have the meaning given such term under the Plan
 as in effect from time to time.




curities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;)
 as determined by the Board
 in its sole discretion; provided that
 without limitation
 such a Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred if:









 a &#8220;Person&#8221;) is on the date hereof or becomes the beneficial owner
 directly or indirectly


 that for purposes of this Section 18(b)
 the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change in Control:









 (2)&#160;any acquisition of Voting Power by the Company
 or any Subsidiary
 and (3)&#160;any acquisition of Voting Power by the trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company
 or any Subsidiary (the term &#8220;Successors&#8221; shall mean those directors whose election or nomination for election by stockholders has been approved by the vote of at least two-thirds of the Original Directors and previously qualified Successors serving as directors of the Company as the case may be
 at the time of such election or nomination for election);









 stock split or similar transaction effected by the Company in which all holders of Voting Power are treated equally
 such subsequent acquisition shall be treated as a Change in Control;











neficial owner of any additional shares of Voting Power representing 1% or more of the then-outstanding Voting Power other than as a result of a stock dividend
 stock split or similar transaction effected by the Company in which all holders of Voting Power









 and such Person divests as promptly as practicable but no later than the date
 if any
 set by the Original Directors or their Successors a sufficient number of shares so that such Person beneficially owns less than 35% of the Voting Power then no Change in Control shall have occurred as a result of such Person&#8217;s acquisition.









 as the case may be
 having less than 60% of the Voting Power or any surviving or new corporation
 as the case may be
 including Voting Power exercisable on a contingent or deferred basis as well as immediately exercisable Voting Power
 excluding any merger or combination of a wholly owned Subsidiary into the Company
 or the Company into a wholly owned Subsidiary; or









 lease
 exchange or other transfer or disposition of all or substantially all of its assets to any Person other than to a wholly owned Subsidiary
 but not including (A) a mortgage or pledge of assets granted in connection with a financing or (B)&#160;a spin-off or sale of assets if the Company continues in existence and its common shares are listed on a national securities exchange
 quoted on the automated quotation system of a national securities association or traded in the over-the-counter market; or





















 means a corporation
 company or other entity (i) more than fifty percent (50%) of whose outstanding shares or securities (representing the right to vote for the election of directors or other managing authority) are
 or (ii) which does not have outstanding shares or securities (as may be the case in a partnership
 joint venture or unincorporated association)
 but more than fifty percent (50%) of whose ownership interest representing the right generally to make decisions for such other entity is
 now or hereafter
 owned or controlled
 directly or indirectly
 by the Company.
means at any time
 the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of Directors in the case of the Company
 or the members of the board of directors or similar body in the case of another entity.
.&nbsp;&nbsp;To the extent applicable
 it is intended that this Agreement and the Plan comply with the provisions of Section 409A of the Code
 so that the income inclusion provisions of Section 409A(a)(1) do not apply to the Grantee.&nbsp;&nbsp;This Agreement in conjunction with the terms of the Plan shall be
.&nbsp;&nbsp;By signing below
 the Grantee consents that the Company may process the Grantee&#8217;s personal data
 including name
 Social Security number
&#8221;) exclusively for the purpose of performing this Agreement
 in particular in connection with the Performance Stock awarded to the Grantee.&nbsp;&nbsp;For this purpose the Data may also be disclosed to and processed by companies outside the Company
 
 banks involved.

 the Company has caused this Agreement to be executed on its behalf by its duly authorized officer and Grantee has also executed this Agreement in duplicate
 as of the day and year first above written.













 INC.


















































































flo-ex121_11.htm






 Inc. 



 Except Ratio Amounts) 




































































































905








815








288








875








411












452








028








564








100








600












357








843








852








975








011




































































































537








031








054








373








772












357








843








852








975








011












894








874








906








348








783















































































flo-ex21_12.htm






 INC. 
















 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC
















 Inc.








 LLC








 Inc.








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 Inc.








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 Inc.








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC





















Flowers Baking Co. of Alexandria
 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 S.A. de C.V.








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 Inc.








 LLC








 LLC








 Inc.
















 Inc.








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 Inc.








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC








 LLC





















flo-ex23_6.htm







 333-58320
 333-59354
 333-156471
 333-151746
 333-159814
 333-196124 and 333-196125) of Flowers Foods
 Inc. of our report dated February&#160;23
 2017 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
 which appears in this Form 10-K. 


 GA 

 2017 














flo-ex311_8.htm






 Allen L. Shiver
 certify that: 

 Inc.; 

 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 


 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting; and 

 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#8217;s auditors and the audit committee of registrant&#8217;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

 process
 summarize and report financial information; and 

 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting. 


















 2017 














flo-ex312_13.htm






 R. Steve Kinsey
 certify that: 

 Inc.; 

 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 


 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting; and 

 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#8217;s auditors and the audit committee of registrant&#8217;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

 process
 summarize and report financial information; and 

 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting. 



















&#160;2017 














flo-ex313_7.htm






 Karyl H. Lauder
 certify that: 

 Inc.; 

 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 


 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting; and 

 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#8217;s auditors and the audit committee of registrant&#8217;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

 process
 summarize and report financial information; and 

 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting. 



















 2017 














flo-ex32_10.htm








 



 Inc. (the &#8220;company&#8221;) on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31
 2016
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#8220;Report&#8221;)
 each of the undersigned officers of the company certifies
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&#160;1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&#160;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that
 to such officer&#8217;s knowledge: 


 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the company as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Report. 





















































 2017 











begin 644 g201702230232003427974.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 #' = # 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#T3P;X
\+W
M7@?0;BX\.:3+-+IUN\DCV4;
[&-2221R2:U(/G@:ZBDEM]\/S1QDAWCM86




MDC ZU/\ \(+X1_Z%?1O_  !B_P#B:\?\0VPLK#XF64VKWUQ=[H'2VN64^9&3

M

(T].(]VT




7_ 
31_P (+X1_Z%?1O_ &

%O%$47A2YC8Y/&% RQ!Y%5[OQWK4
MMDLUSXFN;[;P];7EM!# A%S=EG&WE3][ RHQGZ@#UB+PCX(FN9[:+P_H$D


9&1R
TEMX3\#WOG?9=!T?R9##+Y5IVQQU5L#AAZ'FO
M

1JIACW%2!N)/)!)QC- 'HEWX3\#:?#YU[H/A^VBS


M 
7_ 



M40:=;L_BAQ)J7AD7_P!HO85\NUF$D:@C:F0




M#*EOD.2
5Z-X.N]4C\5^*=$O]3N-0AT][5X)KA%#_O8RS#Y0!C(X&.* +D/A

K


MG\*\D8Z9H_A/X;S:Q)#;:M!J4
O^D

M7.W3[R_GU:U6UL[BQ
LTMJRKB2&7/R*HRV0
9!)- 'JO_^$?\ H5]&_P#
M&+_XFC_A!?/_0KZ-_X Q?\ Q-;]% &!_P (+X1_Z%?1O_ &+_XFC_A!?/_
M $*^C?\ @#%_\36_10!@?\(+X1_Z%?1O_ &+_P)H_X07PC_ -OHW_@#%_\
M36_10!@?\(+X1_Z%?1O_  !B_P#B:/\ A!?/_0KZ-_X Q?_ !-;]% &!_P@
MOA'_ *%?1O\ P!B_^)H_X07PC_T*^C?^ ,7_ ,36_10!@?\ "^$?^A7T;_P
M!B_^)H_X07PC_P!OHW_ ( Q?_$UOT4 8'_^$?^A7T;_P!B_\ B:/^$%\(
M_P#0KZ-_X Q?_$UOT4 8'_^$?^A7T;_P  8O\ XFC_ (07PC_T*^C?^ 
7





MBC4DA5'3KR?QJR%4'(49/?%5?+OO^?N'_OP?_BJ/+OO^?N+_ +\?_94 6L#.


#!Y/%


M=*

M8]


O\ D3M5



UQ=76H74KPLDTN]?+15.
 #.W@8 '&.*W*@M+2VLX1':Q+''U^7G/X]Z




I[$
MX&1W)SZTAFI1110 4444 %%%% %63_D*6W_7&7^:5:JI
ZIJ5L795'E2]3CN



\ 0*(YY688'0AN3_2@#














M8RKX]P1^.1VJW)(D4;22

MJ.H:3;_V=

5)! 8=1[TZB@#SVR!%E


MS7PN&AN)V#$(=R[?X5*G@X''0&KFLR?:-9N-RKB)5A'?(QN.?Q;I[53=@B
[

MCK7E=YJEWK













M#A,CG;&B#OU_3&?PKTN$T'6[VO)9M01X9NV)@N]57OR!D$D^F
 5H:AX

_=
M&&0HN
#ICKSGGO6;=:OJ.O1R\NVQSN@BB&V




75Y:2

CQ*';RH:15)]S@G% &Y17#P^+M3L(;V.[L)+MK2*:]\R7%O(UHIPK%
M??)#X&%&%!.


;





MT^T*5+3-




MU+4I9H]

Q
MCMZT 6**XK7M?U31M1U)[6Y6\@M-/GNIXGA 2V?CR5W#DD_

MG/2NW\#?\D_\.?\ 8



&:]O'

M5)!\YO\ &J5I_P ?
M_OT*3^RM/_Y\;?\ []B@[@^E95W:R!PS2[@YVY/49_I5G^RM/\ ^?&W_P_

M'D/\TT9&74_*WN![X/TH O6ESYENS2L 4/S$U2U*1)9[1T;*E9/_ &6JU1-(




8/:V'@RX$T


=34_A'1C:

X





MTX[''%:=%% &9'X=TB*[N;E+&

MXSQ6=XHM8++P/JD%M$L40B=@J]


MGZ
/[IH LC[H^E+7/6NIWL3*9+*9DQR//3_&K?\ ;4G_ $#9O^_T?^- &M52
MU=%DNU+J#]H8X)_V5JI_;4O_ $#9O^_R?XUEB[FN+F[E6R8 SD8
JY&%44 =


MZ[I0!=FO4AD*





1OF^7\33OQ)]R:0 #OU[YI: -?0-:DT:\22.X
M 
B

LBB2*Y26
':8?OAF)Z=UQWZ5\Z

R&.TOK:





MA7[=;;ITWPCS5S(N


MUQ_C#39)+JWNK:VED9U*2M&I;IC;D#ZMS0!R=%*058JRLK#JK @C\#24Q$!4


@*2K++NC;AE^8]1U% '0?9;?\ YXI^5%LH02JHPHE.!Z=*




8XHY]:3GU- !M7^Z/RHVKCD#CVHYQUI: $^@_&EQ2
M'W/%*J&1@D:LS'H$!)H *
#TI
GU!Q2Y&





-;PB




M/)\P 


MRDG@J!CWINB^

M+':7KP-%#-)+L4%9)&B 8%LY#J00 ?7F@JG@NYEGAN+NXLA)%)9_)!;E4*

IY;J@SS_$


MGN)I8=J&

*6STY%3WG@R[N;
MFX





MO_1:UOT %%%% %#4=&L=4VM=0[I%!N&*L!]1
M7ZOH5SH[(9'$T#\+
HQSZ$=C7I-4=8T[^U=
EM!+Y3
5*OMW8((/3\* /
:
M@E DN(8R
J

*-;U2[,L$5[M\L;-[9!Z'%<)O7UI5Q@X[F@#V'
M_A8/AS_GZG_\!VK U?4O!NLW#SW&IZHOF,&:&,,$W 8#;2, X[UY]10!T%UK
M8TG5&;PWJ5[]E:)5)N6).<D8;MT_6K



MB3Z;8VQEB;=
44+(R ' 'KU)Q74^ O@QHDOAVUU'Q';RW5[=HLWD&1D2%3RJ


#
M_A#]* M2ANXY;9Y)$E2Y=79Y/ONQS\S'U/8D# J:[\+Z9?9-PMPS%I&WBYD#
5HC%E=IP5(_AXJ%/FC
M1/$T=F$\D1,*[ *(T9$&,]E=A^-;-% &$OA#1HXT6&6%H_+\N2*=U=-D?E

+$T
4!178#9$Y=!U[


C@BM^B@# @\&Z/:O(]LES SH8P8[J0;$




M
MO_ $6M;]8'@;_DG_AS_L&6W_HM:WZ BBB@ HHHH **** &30Q7$1BFC22
M-NJNH(/X&N=O?!EE-\UE(]HW]T?.GY'I^!%=+10!QO\ P@\__02C_P_!_\


MRL


Y
 ?O$WS*?I@X_JVB^&]:\1R3)
MH^FSWC0+NE\L# YQDD@9.#@=\4 9=%7M5T;4]#NEM=5L)[*=TWJDRX++G&1
MZC(JC0 4444 %%/2*21)'1&98EWR$#A1D#)_$@?C6_8^ O%NHVAN[3P]?O!M




WA4 89@



2:Q/:O='


:\&_X5OXU_Z%?5?_  &:N\^#_@#Q3IWQ%L-3U#1;JSL[59&DDN$V=490
M!GJ<D=* /I74[X:WFOK:.=4\PQO*H8+US@G..#S3I;^SM[F*VFNX(YY?]


M/F6]BBZGY/F2-

[ETW A
MN ,$?-@'CI0!M#6-,,SC4;

S(
M)!F


M_D3M5_ZX&MVL+QE_R)VJ_P#7 T -\#?\D_\ #G_8
MO_ $6M;]8'@;_DG_AS


=@!^N3WKJZ
M* .3^(GA*#Q=X2N[;[.KW\
;2V3_ 



$[7PYJ5[-IMQ/%8W(!73
M@V8(7ZLZ \@GT&![5OT44 %%%% 'F7QI\+Z7J/@Z[UV6+9J.G1@PS*<;E+J

MJW@-;&5P9]
E-OUY\O[R'\B1_P !KTJ@ HHHH **** BBB@ K)\1:M)HVE&
MYBC5YX10W09[G\JUJQO$^ESZMHYM[8KYJR*X#' ..V?QH Y+_A.M6_YY6O_
M 'P?\:U- \6WNHZO'9W




MBEH5VE?E/OGI4

Y XP:0S=GO[.

'FFMJ=@LZ0-?6PF=MJQF5=S'T SDFL;4?-O?
MZZVK?9
T03#QB0*5#!64'C/SGJ#_/.7;_#Y+6[@@BO6&F00Q(J
@:5MDS2A




K

M 


M ?&&K:%K'A?41%JNF302PL)

MLB



',DSL9 ZA6#DG+ A5'.<;1CH*0%6+QOHLWD;))V\
MTD$B!B(_G?

M2PH#6[R$)LW23.[;=X?&2
M=: (8/%-H]IJ.H2$_8+8Q&.2-&9I$DC1P=N
YR^
41^

J[\=Z8EJEU;

T\D;+&B2D8YQRV&SB

M=@ 7.3S@ ?7O3$\*Z.D$\VT@BG4+(GVB3!QCG[W#?*#N'/'6@!;_P 3:9IM
M_:V-S*ZW5R%*1A2-QVKGZMQ53_A-]%
3J]P\+!V,BV[E45HD9N. I8 ^A

MR2






M 

!W_P *** #_A:GA3_G\F_\!W_PH_X6IX4_Y_)O
M_ =_\*** #_A:GA3_G\F_P# =_\ C_A:GA3_G\F_P# =_\ BB@ _X6IX4_

M?R;_ 

!W_P *** #_A:GA3_G\F_\!W_PH_X6IX4_
MY_)O_ =_\*** #_A:GA3_G\F_P# =_\ C_A:GA3_G\F_P# =_\ BB@ _X6

end








begin 644 g201702230232012157976.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 #P /L# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#T3P;X-\+W
M7@?0;BX\.:3+-+IUN\DCV4;

 8
MO_B:X.V^(GBF\M--NH(M(E_MRUO);VC5R]L\*,ZB0[OG!V[3@+@FJB_&/4;
M]W33[2U/VVVBTIG1B)+MC$)D//(3SNG'W3S0!Z/_P (-X2_Z%?1O_ &+_XF

MO-0 :WMKHV_VA3$Q W@C []:JZCXOUK1(M1LM+M;#3X/#^F0W=Q;:C*\\LQ?

7_Q






M31_P@WA+_H5]&_\  &+_ .)KB(/'&N:-8WFGZE-IJW$%G8RVDT5M-(/WQ*^6

MD8R* .Y_X0;PE_T*^C?^ 
7_ 
31_P (-X2_Z%?1O_ &+_XFN$M_B#XIU.TT

=P4TZTO

X.&YZXH [[_ (0;PE_T*^C?^ 
7_P 31_P@WA+_ *%?

LL9G-M L2$LL0=2P!ZX/ YQ7J

O_ (0;PE_T*^C?^ 
7_P 3


M* 


0LHPI7T(!Q6;X&_P2?^'/^P9;?^BUK?H
MRK'PSH6F:C-J%AI%E;7D^?,GB@57;/)Y []Z9!X5TV%H(-&LHQ9RM/;[85'

M

M/;I6U10!B6O@[PW8PF&TT.P@C


BM]
MX'COW]:U?MUH3*!=09A8)(/
'R

+3-LB620*7;T&

EUI5G

M#5X+


M*JJ
!0.@ IU% !12



M+(@-HRR

MTRZ7ONA9#^:M_2NOTC]I.PD94UG0;B#GF2UE$@_[Y;;_ #- &W:^$_&KZ1;V



J3Z5-!H7BD^*=+NA)J=I
MI
*Q[;87ZS&/#L9%F+


M10!$+: 


MT?L#S]*UB




M0!ZO1110 4444 %8.I?\CEH/_7&Z_E'6]6#J7_(Y:#_UQNOY1T ;U%%% &!X










'@CV_2ODOXM_\E4\0?]? _P#0%H P/#EA



W#

8R



7CVYW2&*%





R.2
JY14)_[Y11]!0!LO




MUVGW)XEE7Z
IUY+XIM9+P:U:1;1).)HEW=,L!GVY

2TMG%(6E\XEUSE\8!_(
M8KF[_P 

ES$

M_E7&6_A?4H)+5X3;6YCN)Y/EF9TB21L@*I&2PXPV1T[BFZ9X/NH18QWS^9%%

KD *N

8/S-@G'Y U+M;T/Y



B[D #YEZCJ
T2]NK7<9





SNSLQ9F.2S'))]S24AV



TM 2;NZCA./1F )_+-?=BJ$4*HPH&

MF@#&HHHH&%%%% !1110!F^)O#



J
JL2P4

M-T0V^6/+8DE?=L\Y]* .7I45I'5$4LS$* .Y/2NFM/$MK;FU9H9FEBMC#YNT

M(]01R.*]G)))+'+'DD]S4.K:58^)=.2PU)A%+$




MYJC_ & J



3


MX3+




!/#D'/]G0^LLC-_
UM6NG65BN+2T@@'_ $SC_RHYXWIG@K
M7=3*E;
V\1_Y:7'R#\NI_*N[T7X=:98%9K]C?3CG##$8/^[W_&NRHIBN(JJB
MA44*H&  

FEVZNCKD
/+7@BH
M-1\&QW]S

*A8MRJD(


/S
MJK


0K)(





P:(2;_+*EL #Y0

'*G)3&



A^1U##/!Q7(W?@19[6
MX2&XAAEN/M'FN(3AO
PJC@@[5CW(!GOGBDA\$7$


 @[



5Q+.GB
M735EEB\J5QJ_+C&

HN':/8!MZ@*QS
MEP
$#OS5.R\;:?+8I/=B2(LKN2D3
B@*TBKN QO
8#8_^M0WBKP0]W]J;Q'H
60H%R
M65!M(9P!N()''//.,V/QH\3P+J.FBU$L<,[.MQO6.*19"WRCY@8R/?@FHK

!NF[


M&1^8]16&^J_#UYWN/^$ATI+AUV-





M]X+IF4PR/@K$2H;Y@
8'&Z.%-
MH*=2Y5@3TP3CG%:F@ZN=:LGN&BCB*OL


end








begin 644 g201702230232030257978.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 %U DP# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#U3PSX9T&;
MPIH\LNB::\CV
+
S6D9+$H
DG'6M3_A%?#O_ $ =+_\  ./_  H\*_\ (H:)

C_ (17P[_T =+_ / ./_C_A%?#O\ T =+_P# ./\ PK7H
MH R/^$5\._\ 0!TO_P  X_\ C_A%?#O_0!TO_P#C_PK7HH R/\ A%?#O_0!
MTO\ \ X_\*/^$5\._P#0!TO_ 



*UZ* 
C_A%
M?#O_ $ =+_\  ./_  H_X17P[_T =+_\ X_\*UZ* 
C_ (17P[_T =+_ / .
M/_C_A%?#O\ T =+_P# ./\ PK7HH R/^$5\._\ 0!TO_P  X_\ C_A%?#O
M_0!TO_P#C_PK7HH R/\ A%?#O_0!TO\ \ X_\*/^$5\._P#0!TO_ 



M7P[_ - '2_\ P#C_ 
*UZ* 
C_A%?#O_ $ =+_\  ./_  H_X17P[_T =+_\
M X_\*UZ* 
C_ (17P[_T =+_ / ./_C_A%?#O\ T =+_P# ./\ PK7HH R/
M^$5\._\ 0!TO_P  X_\ C_A%?#O_0!TO_P#C_PK7HH R/\ A%?#O_0!TO\
M\ X_\*/^$5\._P#0!TO_ 


*UZ* 
C_A%?#O_




3378
*/BP-!D66STZ^M%M8;MP+HB?RY.<[%1@H (Y<KG(Q4



MTLA;16TMJERICF2
87(93M.!@E-N:FU3X=Z/J5W/
MSJ%E'=PQP7MO9W&R.[



MJ%S+J4L4MW?2S*9Y3$04!.W:%&
  #OWYKI-7TBQU[2;C3-3MUN+.X7;)&Q(




MNAQ2&(&-3\^?N\G/TKU#P]X,LO#MU]HBO\ 4KQT@%M +RXWK!#D(@  QP.

MV=OK


M-S#O7HV@Z#;Z!:2PPW%W=23RF::XNY?
DE
R
MO/K!B-RLC I^[38 HQP
SWQ5'3_B%KT-C
MXEOM6M-,$5AJIT^W!O/*4,H()*DD '.0Q/ 7BNA7X<:*FHB<3W_P!C%W]N
M&F&?-J)\YW[<9Z\[=VW/:H[OX::3=SW\OV[4X3=WZ:DHBG4WNE_Y:QY4X)'











MTK3YO#TL
MT6T*2UWR AE=0#OXY/'&
5TU !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4










MZ
DKW&O#OC+_ 
C?:?\ 7@G_ *


RY/F
64;CQD9QBO0:* 
/PSX=

MO_ 5/\*TZ* 

MM.B@#


_X1S0_

S_A'-#_Z NG?^ J?X4?\ .:%_P! 73O_
M  %3_M.B@#


S_A'-#_Z NG?^ J?X4?\
M(YH7_0%T[_P%3_M.B@#,_X1S0_^@+IW_@*G^%'_  CFA_\ 0%T[_P !4_PK
M3HH S/\ A'-_P@+IW_ (I_A1_PCFA_P#0%T[_ 
!4_P *TZ* 
S_A'-#_




M90!UU%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%


M2N'




M_/\ ]E0!:HJKY5[_ 

M 'Y_^RH\J]_Y^HO^_/\ ]E0!:HJKY5[_ 
_47_?G_PRH\J]_P?J+_OS_\


MY5[_ 

M^HO^_/\ ]E0!:HJKY5[_ 

M_47_ 'Y_^RH\J]_Y^HO^_/\ ]E0!:HJKY5[_ 
_47_?G_PRH\J]_P?J+_O

_47_?G

M:HJKY5[_ 

MJ]_Y^HO^_/\ ]E0!:HJKY5[_ 
_47_?G_PRH\J]_P?J+_OS_\ 94 6J*J^

_47_?G_PRH\J]_P?

_4
M7_?G_PRJC?:K;Z8;_7=.M .?W^U/YO0!L45Q3?$+1F8I9:L=1D[)I^GRW&


M@#KJ*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BN-




N!0!/15-M5TY#A
M]0M5/H9E']:B.OZ

M!6D1LUQXBLI&'\%L_G-^29_6@#KJ*\HE^-=OJ!*Z'86RIG'VG5]1AM(Q[[22


]]=P6T*]7


#TSZUZ.WB;4+@?\3+Q9
MJM@I^\EGX8FBP/\ ?D5_S&*\F\'?$W6#XRL0=
TUQ=WD9N%L]-C$TO0?+C'S
M8Z8Q_.OH3^W?%M_QI_A)+13]V75;Y$Q]4B#G]: .2^V?#^0C^V/%^L7V?X;^



M;@?^ST 









 .EZ'96[CI+Y8:3
M_OMLM^M 'CEJ^JZE

M2BR/SC%2#6?$
9R?A]


M1D$4 ?%'P[%P?B!HOV2U2YN_M*F!))B!QR&8@$[1C) '05]4_\ *:UJ^&\
M1^);AHSR;+2A]EA^A?)D8?\  A]*O:/X&\

MGCZ8KH: ,O1_#FC:!&R:5IMM:;OO-&GSO\ [S=3^)K4HHH **** BBB@ H

MZ)#/I]T'6U_U2F&:#L&9N6Y)WKCI7LM

MTC:ZNH!;3.V2'B&


M
03C7K(X R3^\KH-(T;3]!L!9:9:K;VX8N5!)+

226)]22:P/'W_'MX?_
M .P]9?\ HR@#I/MR?\\;C_ORW^%+]N3_ )XW'_?EO\*LT4 5OMR?\\;C_ORW





M #QN/^_+?X5S%YX_@GFELO#6GW.N7\;;)/(4K! W_324C ^B[C[4@\+ZOXB/
P% '
U=;#<6]OD,-K-'$@VHB6Y


M@MUDTS3FCMY1^[U'50UM W^XF#+)]%7\:IZ9\/=7N[I;[4[M+.?_ )[
_P!M

%W

GIDOUXQ5CX%Z3-J&IZN#?ZG8(L
9+


M# D66\TN\U.9?^6NIF6Z/Y2$C\A6I+K7A_P];A)I+;380.%91OX#BJ'_ 6




\KC_ORW^%'
MV^/_ )Y7'_?EO\*M44 5?M\?_/&X_P_+?X4?;T_YXW/_?EO\*M44 5?MZ?\
M\;G_ +\M_A1]OC_YXW'_ 'Y;_K5% %7[?'_ 
\KC_ORW^%'VZ/_ )XW'_?E
MO\*M44 5?MR?\\;C_ORW^%'VZ/\ YXW'_?EO\*M44 5?MT?_ #QN/^_+?X4?
LV@G_YX1OYDG_?

[

M_PSM//_ #]


M*$3V#. J_P# 4!]_4 W=9^+6CVF(M)ADU*5SA) ?+A)]F(+/_P  5JQ_LOC_
M 
: &Y+:=8O_  

M_P!ZXF^9OHNZMC^Q_%^LG_B:Z]#I-N?^7;1X\R8]#-(
_P#?*B@#&'@KPEX6

1W$ZRM%
M';;N&YA_NI6II7@GP_I%P+J'3UGON]Y=L9YR?]]\D?ABN@H Y#_A'?$VL#.N
M^)#:0GK::*GE#Z&9LN?PVUJ:1X1T'0I#-8:9ERW+7
F9)F/O(V6/YUMT4 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44


J_X6\0S:[%J$

&5L D$
.H!KRKXE_%RSL_$


M_'!&?^ Q(V* .RNI/%TB&34]?T/P];G_ )XIYT@_X'*54'_@)KF[^^^'%OO/
MB+QM/K3+]Z.:_:1

\2:#XJL-2U%= OK**3
UO([OE3U(#1XW#J
]Q7T


M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 8WBS_D5M0_ZY_U%;-8WBO\ Y%?4/^N?]16S

M_P#1DE 'K7A7_D4-$_Z\(/\ T6M:]9'A7_D4-$_Z\(/_ $6M:] !1110 5YO


M JS10!6_L^R_Y](?^_8H_LZR_P?2'_O@59HH K?V=9?\^D/_? H_LZR_P?
M2'_O@59HH J_V;8_\^D'_?L4?V;8_P#/G!_W[%6J* *O]FV/_/G!_P!^Q1_9


M@K_ &;8_P#/G!_W[%']FV/_ #YP?]^Q5JB@K_9MC_SYP?]^Q1_9MC_ 






MBBB@ HHHH *\.^

O_(WVG_7@G_HR2@#UKPK_P B
MAHG_ %X0?^BUK7K(\*_\BAHG_7A!_PBUK7H **** BB@]* 
:U\6^'[Z^O

M+'MG!KQ;2H;=-7UO2[.SUZTT6MS'-']@ZCIJ
AW*K?=;=RN
DMP1G%:4IG




52;+[_ )^+?_OR?_BJ
M +5%5=E]_P ][?\ [\G_ .*I=E]_SWM_^_+?_%4 6:*J[+[_ )^+?_OR?_BJ






M &'K+_T90!UU%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44






M%;4/M?\ 9MU]@&\\E_(#_=\S!VY]LXKP_2?%WB&TL;S3KO7=175[J^M[22
M_ME\VU+RA))8F'R
O. N
*2#WKW2ZMH;VTFM;F
203(8Y$;HRD8(_*N)L/AA



M_P#&Z/\ A97A;_GZOO\ P5W7_P ;KK:* .2_X65X6_Y^KW_P5W7_ 

9PF6'S?3UI7FBCW;Y478-S;F P/4^U
M ')K\3_32-&M]=F10R#3;G<H.<$CR^,X/Y4[_A97A;_GZOO_!7=?\ QNM^
M.UTZWU?5$*+<7J11/*9.) F[8!SC^-NG7-7=Z[PFX;R


MZAE8
K#((.010!R?_ROW_/U??^NZ_^-T?\+*\+?\ /U??^NZ_P#C==;1


Z?



W=YB;<[<[AC/I0
M9(Q(L9=0[#(4GD_A0!RO_ROW_/U??^NZ_^-T?\+*\+?\ /U??^NZ_P#C


M_P +*\+?\_5]_PNZ_^-TQOBAX221(WO[I9)

N\IN&\#
M)7/./6@#D_\ A97A;_GZOO\ P5W7_P ;H_X65X6_Y^K[_P %=U_\;KJ(KF9
MF6*:.1EZA'!(J6@#DO\ A97A;_GZO?\ P5W7_P ;H_X65X6_Y^K[_P %=U_\




M




?VC9Y?F[!OVYSMSUQ










]A^52G2-
:YN+DZ=:

MR0:]7FM+:XC2.:WBE2-@Z*Z A6'0@'H1VIDFG6
M]'?26=N]W$NV.=HE
B#G


M


M]-L+1($MK*VA6 
(1'$JB








MX

MDG:P (YZ&N@?2M.DT\:?)86KV0&!;MIC'?[N,591$BC6.-51% 5548  Z 
M@!U%%% !1110!Y4-)L]



M=: /




M1Y/B+_G^TO\ \ Y/_CM'D^(O^?[2_P#P#D_^.T :]%9'D^(O^?[2_P#P#D_^

M_CM &O161Y/B+_G^TO\ \ Y/_CM'D^(O^?[2_P#P#D_^.T :]%9'D^(O^?[2

MTO\ \ Y/_CM &O161Y/B+_G^TO\ \ Y/_CM'D^(O^?[2_P#P#D_^.T :]%9'

M1Y/B+_G^TO\ \ Y/_CM &O161Y/B+_G^TO\ \ Y/_CM'D^(O^?[2_P#P#D_^

M / .3_X[1Y/B+_G^TO\ \ Y/_CM &O161Y/B+_G^TO\ \ Y/_CM'D^(O^?[2

MXB_Y_M+_ / .3_X[1Y/B+_G^TO\ \ Y/_CM &O161Y/B+_G^TO\ \ Y/_CM'






M&O161Y/B+_G^TO\ \ Y/_CM'D^(O^?[2_P#P#D_^.T :]%9'D^(O^?[2_P#P





MC_P+3_&GR^
]'N=$U2_T74K'47L(#*Z0SA@O!(W$9P#@_E6W'8VD
:1QVL*(
M@JJQ@!0.@%,O--M;VPN+*1-D4Z%'\OG!]Z 
&V\5

M(Q&@8\'DGFK







%PTJRB:)QN0B/R^
@C!7@Y'OUH V$8.BL


9

N+:*8^)=
B
M
B!_+DND#+D9P1G@BI/$?P\\+^++B?6=,$\D%(RLSQX!.3]PC/XUNV^G6=



MN839(/L%M)-9&YD%P[. X(!1=@.2
UIZEKMW:Z'I]W%9

MYMP0%N
-CDR-%YFY1_<Y YYY/


L(F6*$JP



8!$6

-6O;F!9(;1HI?.REI
M<&::$1YY= O .,<$\L!S0!U]%8D/BO2[@HL37#2M*8FB%NY=-N2PQD*-Z\G


M')7GCOB@#=HK C\56HGU?[4GDV]A.D29+&=F X@9SN.T 9S4DGBS28[&&]
M






M[/0KDV#@:G/'$Z2-M:W#H6R1CG&



M&;80 2

DKW&O#OC+_R
M-]I_UX)_Z



M_P _NE?^ DG_ 

M .?W2O\ P$D_^.4 7;ZTDNXD$5W/:R(VY9(B/0C!!!!'/0CT/:LFU\(6%I/


_N

 9QN/)R3QSQ2_P!@6X\.
MR:*LTRP.C(9 P#_

R7

=*?J^A1:ML)


M 


\Y*KV7/H!P/8K58_E^(_P#G\TO_ 
!)/_CM'E^(_P#G\TO_ 
!)
M/_CM &Q16/Y?B/\ Y_-+_P# 23_X[1Y?B/\ Y_-+_P# 23_X[0!L51ET329Y






M )_=*_\  23_ ..4 9U_X)MM3MVCO-1O)9)!*)9'V

M-3:'X8.FW37-S=R3LD\[VT1QLB$C9)' .2
=\#)QUJWY7B/_ )_=*_\  23_


4(PQMV@;54# XV@U8\OQ'_S^:7^%I)_\




?^/WT/_7.B

M=Z!C_P ?OH?^N=+_ 
+P^;'_  CO\6/^/WVS_P \Z** $'QRR ?^$=ZA3_Q^







M?^$=ZA3_ 



M(FX#XX?]2[_Y._3_ *9^] ^.'_4N_P#D[]/^F?O110%P'QP_ZEW_ 
G?I_TS


C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#T3P9X-\+W
M7@?0+BX\.:3+-+IUN\DCV4;,[&-2221R2:W/^$&\)?\ 0KZ-_P 


M1(2P!8[ ?[O'7VH ]-_X0;PE_P!OHW_ ( Q?_$T?\(-X2_Z%?1O_ &+_P)
$O^A7T;_P  8O\ XFC_
M (0;PE_T*^C?^ 
7_P 37(Z7X[\3ZIXLN8(-'1]&M]0FL)9!& 8_+!'F%S)R


M-Y\2-;VW^JVT&GQ:=I]S:VTEA.K&ZG
PC)*D
 N/


6X%G.[!4\Y&./EY- 'HO_  @WA+_H5]&_\ 8O_B:/



M_$T?\(-X2_Z%?1O_  !B_P#B:\M/BC48=2N/$'AV1?LEOX5M[LQ:IYDKNBR2
M?+D

 8
MO_B:WZ* 
#_A!O7_0KZ-_X Q?\ Q-'_  @WA+_H5]&_\ 8O_B:WZ* ,#_A!
MO7_ $*^C?\ @#%_\31_P@WA+_H5]&_\ 8O_ (FM^B@# _X0;PE_T*^C?^ 

ME?0@' K-\_\D_\.?\ 8
MO_1:UOT 95CX:T/3-1FU&QTBRMKR?/F3Q0*KM
ZV-/U*6
0228_P#=)).*MZEJ$&E:=/?7)(BA3<0HR6] !W). !W)%8^G
M^*CJ'@H^(ETNY#!);(


M+!KV
H4N# N]2F-A!QG(P

J&E)5?E3+@
M;CP

M26



=



MH **** 

-W^BAH5B.U=VTGY

\\LWULTT2EI(Q
I9 #@DC.0 :KW'B#2H+'[7]OMY8VC:2(13*QF@Y



M;IRM+9J[6-W; 1V[E4DGV_O5\QV8$!?7G/:@#JI/%.DPWVGV3W*BZO@2D60
M6C C,F7&?E&U3S5J+7-(G2-XM4LI$ED\J-DN$(=_[HYY/(X]Z\YUKX77PL[R
M:PO(+J7RY7B@:W222/:BW*F4MPG 8#''3/0U%I?PRN=1M[2XU.W@M)()9E:


MNZJ#Z'UYJ/5YKE;^2


KZ;86

KYNH ^T+KX
OVB_B
M-VT_VGR9@!-'

M;#$?WAFOD/3O$FN:0X;3M7OK4CH(;AE'Y XKO-#^/7C+2F5;V:WU2$=5N8PK

M$2V=Q



7W(1G=GE0I .
M!77T4 4-%TBVT'2HM.M#(8(F=E


M#G_8
@9R/Q3_Y)CJW_76W_P#1
ME?-U?2/Q3_Y)CJW_ %UM_P#T97S=0(**** NH\(?$'Q#X*N0^EWC&V+9DM)




MUB;.L6J9CE8\W
8[_P^._J.?6O6Z^]

B_
MI_\ U]?^R&O2Z\T^


MYS\NCH/
?IU'4]!ZT 6*T[6?SX\


J?]=;?_P!#KYPH Z?P9X?L
M/$=[<V=U).LWE,T AE0,S!6(HPS(20!M!'7.:LZYX4L=-\/O<V\URU]:FS%

KD;NF

NH6
MSW3R1W):

MG;DB:=(B40


MT0*Q* 

MZUFBA-LTKFW/FCR2QV1MGY4?=\P/OZU9\5^*[SPYXDB&6T&FF=[667RVD;





NQ_G&UNW-:J^/=$M?#NGPP1S//;BW'DB':X
5
MR91NFW?.NTD!=OWCGM7F%% 'IEOXAT!;M'MKF2:&SOKK72;N
1;I2BB&%5W'




Y6:(LD2%V*AADX';UKY2(*L0000<$'

MX;\R:!V/Z*],O\ X=:1=Y?2M2FL9#TAO5\R/\)$&1^*_C7)ZMX)\0:/&T\]
M@TUJ/^7FU831?BRYQ^.*!'/T444 %%%% !1110!ZQ^SR[+\295!(#:?*/7Y

D_\.?]
M@RV_]%K6_0 4444 9'B:+S= N?5

MI)IOE+-:P64HBF0$LJN'GSWSD8[G\*U=4URZM;N]AL[.&86%J+NX
LI3*G=A


M






J


M


MSP+_ 
D_\.?]@RV_]%K6_6!X%_Y)_P'/^P9;?\ HM:WZ BBB@ KS[Q/9?9

T/SI[^H_*@#RJ]TC2]3O&-RF^X$





XN)761E)D (!!!XX8]/4UK44 9!\

$8/O[U(FKR10S0P6UI$LY'F;(SEE#




K6[I;


94D/F#:S$YP2I8^E5+9M!
UK$T%JJ
DK2RRRL3

=M;QM+-(VU$

ZGU'O5FB@#S?5M%N=)
ME^<%X?DE X^A]#6;7K$D:2QM'(BNC#!5AD&N4U3PARTNFL/4PN?Y'_&@#DJ


384444BBB@ HHHH
M *\T^

U[O10.YX#_8FK?\ 0+O?_ =O\*?'

MNENN/_'C_A7HU% 7

 ;*S19.\K?
Y_$UJT44BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ KS3XS_P#(OZ?_ -?7_LAKTNO-/C/_ ,B_I_\ U]?^R&@#I?%W;V/

MRMK



M6LW6/# U9H8_.2&UCMOLWDHA'RF2-G (/&4CVC'3-1Z3X7ETE[B2.]#RM;O#


#KT

?H:TO@&[+0-;
MZS]F

MF:-$#;]RP!D)A^]C&V

D-S8VUN%B

M?F(YSR: .ZR




 XYQG-26&HVFIVWVBRG6

JK@8




@@8(YZ
M5R\?A6Y33M=MX[V.WDU

;)M5
0B<JK;0I(PS;1R/4@_E5O(]1Z5PM
MOX!NHK:93J,32H$:2& J6Q%)&&8[LLQ

M9_\ D7]/_POK_V0T ;.C7O]G?#2;KSGA:/1XCQIO;=Y2X &#DD\#@TQ=2
MDN;WDEOYOLVEV:2W5U&

LG'!%1^#_%WAZS\$Z#:W.L6




58KDE.W//2LNQ
HJR

0K&M[<58W;
M8I93GDMO8C/^RV!QBNI_X3?PQ_T'++_OZ*/^$W\
?]!RR_[^B@#.;6-1T[01


MQ'&(894V%0JX9R
9!9MQY[;:=_PF_AC_ *#EE_W]%'_;^&/^@Y9?]_10!OT
M5@?\)OX8_P@Y9?]_11_PF_AC_H.67_?T4 ;]%8'_;^&/\ H.67_?T4?\)O
MX8_Z#EE_W]% &_16!_PF_AC_ *#EE_W]%'_;^&/^@Y9?]_10!OT5@?\)OX8

MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
' HHHH __V0$!
end








begin 644 g201702230232041877979.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 #' = # 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#T/PAX/\*S

S


MO&FI77Q

_%.K7D&J
NAKX;-G=:G
#_!

:1X1:0[U4Y )&,@'!Y]
MJ\P\-:^_A71](@^UR66ER0ZLD:[5:=9SY2C@G=C.!WJE?-?ZUX=UN[FGN7O

MQUH ]




M9IL]W#!JVI:;:JIMX=KE 25VJ21C)!VYYQF@#NO^$%\(_P#0KZ-_X Q?_$T?
M\(+X1_Z%?1O_  !B_P#B:\VTW6_$NLW^BZ:/$%_%8W
^II#?Q11B6[MXA&8I

MMW-[_:OAN^NI(YX8]D4D2C85 7WYSG- 'IL'@WP7=6\=Q;^'-FAE4/')'9Q
M



MMM?ZQ9ZLB&58)K:?SBJ^7G8[B- Q!/4+WH UK/PWX U%W2QT?PW=
@RZP6\#

7_ 





7_Q-'_^$?^A7T;_P  8O\ XFO+-?UKQ;I3


M(



M/86N%ETGPTC6R[IPT$ 

:9&(W#)]3SQ
E 'J7_^$?^A7T;_P  8O\ XFC_
M (07PC_T*^C?^ 

MR@522J@'OFMF+Q+XE?QY'8)XCM(8(+JVA@ANYP/MUNRKF15$1\PODD.' ![

MYIGBUFQ:RL8U4$0WN]0KYQQE7/7^[2:+KFH0_%1]$N]:NM1CV


MM_&

8&22!SGV]* -%?G@5Q;E=\/
+G_4$6L/[WC/R\?-QZ

MT

M'!STH  Z #M2T4 ( !T '&*  .@ ^E+10 @4#H /PH@= !QCI2T4 )M7;MV
MC'IBEHHH *3:,8P,'MBEHH 3 XX''2C:..!QTXZ4M% 8&



M &#+;_T6M;] !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%


J-& #NRP4MM#
M[MEM;EH4

?Q86

N)@8V!Z'
8ZXZCCIGOJ* .)TSQG?79TPW-K

M
ZN/LQWEC)YBA0X8SM#EEW<@;



M_P##G_8



 0,@'/$VHWOBR-]02*39:R@0-%K&[5
MFW +UV[5PA)&,G)]1V8      X %+0!ROB*UU7^T;6^L!<O'Y+/<6J-Q(\?S
MPKG/&7.#CJ.#Q4_A&VU73[:ZT_5%=C%()(9S.91('&6&X@'(??QC@%0*Z.B@
M K\9?\ (G:K_P!<#6[6%XR_Y$[5?^N!H ;X&_Y)_P'/^P9;?\ HM:WZP/
MW_)/_#G_ &#+;_T6M;] !1110 50UK5[30-'NM5OV9;6U3?(RJ6('T%7ZX_X
MJ_\ )+O$/_7J?YB@#B]?^*_P[\0):F35M5M)[61GAN+6W(=-R,C#YE(P58CI
M]*S+GQW\,I[.WM8];UNWCM-JV@BA_P/9!#Y+(FY3PRDYSDY.017SO10!]#7



M&H ^RJ*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ K\9?\B=JO\ UP-;M87C+_D3M5_ZX&@!O@;_ ))_

M_


MCZ4#0M%%%(H?#_KXO]]?YUZA7E\/^OB_WU_G7J%
EA1110(**** BBB@ KS
MOXX_\DFU;_?@_P#1J5Z)7G?QQ_Y)-JW^_!_Z-2@#Y$HHHH *[7X1_P#)5?#_
M /UW;_T!JXJNU^$?_)5?#_\ UW;_ - :@#[*HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***






MM_$^BS:3JNH7LEG

M;5=.GU)+NV;=&S3*P!P1TV\\&O2** 
F^@N[6PGN$U.Y+1H6 9(\''_ :Y7_

MPD6K?\_A_P_:_X5F44AV-FTUS5;B\@A:]8+)(JDB-,@$_2NL^PW/_04NO\
MOF/_ .(K@]-_YEI_P!=D_G7I5
3*/V&Y_ZEU_WS'_\11]AN?\ H*77_?,?
M_P 15ZB@11^PW/\ T%+K_OF/_P(H^PW/_04NO\ OF/_ .(J]10!1^PW/_04




M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H

3Z!;6MY8Q1S&$2*ZNDD


M(]U]KN//F+FYEQ@&0G[V

\0_\@&Z_W1_


MK?H **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB

MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH S=?5GT.Z5%+
5& !




MYM:/;SKK-HS02A1(
DH0!7H%8?A'55UCPY;W0GFN'!9)99552[@_





MT






O^1.U7_K@:W:PO&7_ )VJ_\ 7 T -\#?\D_\.?\ 8,MO_1:UOUPVE:I=
M:1\,?]Q (UB^PVPN)Y$
@@C\H?/L!!8;MH.#P3SBM*W\;6DUU'#]FF3
H
M@FRNV13(4+8SE1D



M(X6+J]P\:-M!SR-TB 8_.@#KJ*XT^++NROI(KJ
W!2W5_*6$0$-\[N6WN0H5



5





1


.[H
Y]: .DHKB5^(/_$M29M*E^T?9'E9?
55$B1*[IR=V!N5=V.IQ



XDE4V'#L#D$C')R3^=%% #Y/'W@*6V-M)'&T!*

M7E



N/'O@*[\C[1'

YL26D4XR&..1P.OH
M*:WCGX?

M?\+4\*?\_DW_ (#O_A110 ?\+4\*?\_DW_@._P#A1_PM3PI_S^3?^ [_ .%%
M% !_PM3PI_S^3?\ @._^%'_U/G_/Y-_P [_X444 '_U/G_/Y-_X#O\
MX4?\+4\*?\_DW_@._P#A110 ?\+4\*?\_DW_ (#O_A1_PM3PI_S^3?\ @._^
M%%% !_PM3PI_S^3?^ [_ .%'_U/G_/Y-_X#O\ X444 '_U/G_/Y-_P
M[_X4?\+4\*?\_DW_ (#O_A110 ?\+4\*?\_DW_@._P#A1_PM3PI_S^3?^ [_
M .%%% !_PM3PI_S^3?\ @._^%'_U/G_/Y-_P [_X444 '_U/G_/Y-_X
M#O\ X4?\+4\*?\_DW_@._P#A110 ?\+4\*?\_DW_ (#O_A1_PM3PI_S^3?\
M@._^%%% !_PM3PI_S^3?^ [_ .%'_U/G_/Y-_X#O\ X444 '_U/G_/Y-
M_P [_X4?\+4\*?\_DW_ (#O_A110 ?\+4\*?\_DW_@._P#A1_PM3PI_S^3?
M^ [_ .%%% !_PM3PI_S^3?\ @._^%'_U/G_/Y-_P [_X444 '_U/G_/
MY-_X#O\ X4?\+4\*?\_DW_@._P#A110 ?\+4\*?\_DW_ (#O_A1_PM3PI_S^
M3?\ @._^%%% !_PM3PI_S^3?^ [_ .%'_U/G_/Y-_X#O\ X444 '_U/G
M_/Y-_P [_X4?\+4\*?\_DW_ (#O_A110 ?\+4\*?\_DW_@._P#A6;X@^(?A


C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R


7_Q
GS1Z-XGO=0O)-$DOKT&!!]ANT*L(EP@V[OG38<\<U)I_COQ)K




UYY
MX2T'5+?X?VWBZVBLM-72M'U P3VN?M-V[;]IE&T !,@9:@#V;_A!?/_0KZ






E 'LD'A/P-=3SP6^@^'Y9K<J)HX[2%FCW#(W #C(Y&
M:L?\(+X1_PA7T;_ 
 8O_B:\WNM=U:PCUXZ==

M9_X07PC_ -OHW_@#%_\31_P@OA'_H5]&_\  &+_ .)K?HH P/\ A!?/_0K
MZ-_X Q?_ !-'_^$?\ H5]&_P# &+_XFM^B@# _X07PC_T*^C?^ 
7_ 
31
M_P (+X1_Z%?1O_ &+_XFM^B@# _X07PC_P!OHW_ ( Q?_$T?\(+X1_Z%?1O
M_ &+_P)K?HH P/^$%\(_P#0KZ-_X Q?_$UP/Q5\.Z)HVBV
VF:/864KW&QG

M\#(.!QTK!\_\D_\.?\ 8,MO_1:UOT ( !G  SUHJ

M3UXHP..!QT]J6B@!

M

MW*/R

#V
MHP
8P


F&(
MZ')JC?\ Q





MQ+/%!YL

MD+*5!W'G'OBN-'Q%U'6/[/6#[/;:ZL9MUK-YNV*9W4P2Y'RR#9R!_2@#I-



R+Z@;\_

V

M1SK]BG

MP^4[%)7H2


M126T$SH\L
;NARK


M:)8%
MU2.*60OYC+#&#E_[Q/3/OUKS.?QKJMYJD5S=R_Z*C?-:Q\(4/!!]3@GDUJ3Q
M&9D5MZ<
CC^)2




M;'

MWB8@E#C(Z$=B/8CFHZ9)O^'#^[NE]&C/\Q7RQXV_Y'OQ!_V$;C_T8U?4?AL_

M#1/%

M^
__ +^G_\ 7U_[(:]+KS3XS_\ (OZ?_P!?7_LAH ZSP+_R3_PY_P!@RV_]
M%K6_6!X%_P2?^'/^P9;?^BUK?H **** BBFNZQQM([!44%F)Z @#FO&WB



M



M+-MUO=PK*A[@$=#[CH?I5V@ HHHH *\T^
__ +^G_\ 7U_[(:]+KS3XS_\
M(OZ?_P!?7_LAH ZSP+_R3_PY_P!@RV_]%K6_6!X%_P2?^'/^P9;?^BUK?H

K%5;
M*


!?^2?^'/^P9;?^BUK?K \_\



K6;
M@9'0G:QSBK(\8:)/)Y@\8*9 0098[A3D$D'.P]

MN6C5


MY.!CT %%%% !1110!:TR\;3M5L[Y#A[:=)E/NK _TK[SC=98UD0Y5P&!]C7P


MMQ/(TLLC=69CDD_4FH:* +UAJUUIMM?06K*@OH/L\S;

MMXPU22QM+.9;66&W
60\ S
(@1$LA'+A02 #VZYK1\)ZW::/X6\1B6XGBNK@



MH#\H/7G&05KRW4M-GTJYCM[DIYCPQS;4;.T.H8 ^C8(R.U %.ONCPHI3P=H:
ML



MO_1:

M_P/*?SKZWKQ/]HSPZ;OP]IVOPIE[&4PS$?\\WZ$_1@!_P H ^;**** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@#HO#GA.?Q+IU]+:3Q+=6\UO#%#*ZHLIEW@ 
Q'S94



W4@
QX]Z *TW
Z]<3PV0A!@A
\

M=0U2:PLX+*WU'[.UNBY194@#WRBDGZ^M &G%X!U.


M3_PY_P!@RV_]%K6_6!X%_P2?^'/^P9;?^BUK?H **** L[7M'MO$&@WVD7



M?Q?Z)9
5LU8?ZR;NWT7^9]J /;_ 7A=/!_@S3]' 7SHTWW##^*5N6/Y\#V K



)#WESCB-/0?[1
MZ ?CT!K[&TS3+/1M+MM-L(5AM;:

M?7_LAH ZSP+_ 
D_\.?]@RV_]%K6_6!X%_Y)_P'/^P9;?\ HM:WZ BBB@
14=?;?BG
MP'X<\8P[=8TZ.28#7
?R2I]&'7Z'(]J\4\2?LYZG;
\WAW4HKR+J(+K]W(/
M8

M4\0:\X72M&O;L'^..$[1]6Z#\Z 

QP% R2:]D\.?L[Z_?LDNNW
MMOID)Y

O_@T+)I]@);P#F\N?GE_ ]%_X!0!XEX


M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !63?\ A;P_JF3?Z)IUR3U:6V1C^9&:UJ* ./D^

M-

UL@!0   !T I:* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *\T^
M_P#R+^G_ /7U_PR&O2Z\T^,_P#R+^G_ /7U_PR&@#J?!3.OPY\/M&F]QI5
MN54G&X^4N!GM5P\;$VJ?;;9Y+E75;M((]@MSB
*VYOF;?D?+G(&0.F6^$-

WT(]:C?QK$J6C)I6H2F




IFG?\





MRQ7ES;M(T$ #8D503&






DRC





NYKB:XET262X4+


ZQ
U%[A;JR%NUC-J$5C ) <N Q$LBX
MZ_Q <@80GG-2Z#XE?6M7N8BPPJKO C1-NDC5RGF;\XP2IXP#R.3S3S+X0:.

M!MT5F_\ 0Z)_P!!C3__  )3_&C_ (2'1/\ H,:?_P!*?XT :5%9O\ PD.B
M?]!C3_\ P)3_ !H_X2'1/^@QI_\ X$I_C0!I5YI\9_\ D7]/_POK_V0UW/_
M  D.B?\ 08T__P 4_QKSOXO:KIU[H-@EK?VL[+=9*Q3*Q VGG - 'I/]D:9
M_P! ZT_[\+_A1_9&F?\ 0.M/^__X444 ']D:9_T#K3_ +\+_A1_9&F?] ZT
M_P__X444 ']D:9_P! ZT_[\+_A1_9&F?\ 0.M/^__X444 ']D:9_T#K3_
M +\+_A1_9&F?] ZT_P__X444 ']D:9_P! ZT_[\+_A1_9&F?\ 0.M/^__
MX444 ']D:9_T#K3_ +\+_A1_9&F?] ZT_P__X444 ']D:9_P! ZT_[\+_A
M1_9&F?\ 0.M/^__X444 ']D:9_T#K3_ +\+_A1_9&F?] ZT_P__X444 '
M]D:9_P! ZT_[\+_A1_9&F?\ 0.M/^__X444 ']D:9_T#K3_ +\+_A1_9&F?
M] ZT_P__X444 ']D:9_P! ZT_[\+_A1_9&F?\ 0.M/^__X444 ']D:9_T
M#K3_ +\+_A1_9&F?] ZT_P__X444 ']D:9_P! ZT_[\+_A1_9&F?\ 0.M/




<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterials'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherInventorySupplies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Supplies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Land'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BuildingsAndImprovementsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesAndLoansReceivableNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOtherThanLongtermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesAPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesBPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_CommonStockCurrentValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesAPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesBPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSoldExcludingDepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToSettlements1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSalesOfAssetsAndAssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareCashPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossFinalizationOfPensionAndNonPensionPostretirementPlanValuationNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAmortizationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetPriorServiceCostCreditNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetGainLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcceleratedShareRepurchaseProgramAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentToAdditionalPaidInCapitalIncomeTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensationNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardNetOfForfeitures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueRestrictedStockAwardNetOfForfeitures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockGrantedDuringPeriodValueSharebasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesAcquisitions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueAcquisitions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcceleratedShareRepurchaseProgramAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentToAdditionalPaidInCapitalIncomeTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensationNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardNetOfForfeitures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueRestrictedStockAwardNetOfForfeitures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockGrantedDuringPeriodValueSharebasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcceleratedShareRepurchaseProgramAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentToAdditionalPaidInCapitalIncomeTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensationNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardNetOfForfeitures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueRestrictedStockAwardNetOfForfeitures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockGrantedDuringPeriodValueSharebasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareCashPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSalesOfAssetsAndAssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnDerivativeInstrumentsNetPretax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWriteDown'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNoncashIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsAndNotesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireAssetsInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromCollectionOfNotesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessRefundableConsideration'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromOtherInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividendsCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfBankOverdrafts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebtAndCapitalSecuritiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebtAndCapitalSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowNoncashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsIncurred'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_NonCashRoutesSoldWithDeferredGains'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_IncreaseInPropertyPlantAndEquipmentFromFinancing'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalExpendituresIncurredButNotYetPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_CashPaidDuringPeriodAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableByReceivableTypeAxis=flo_ExecutiveDeferredCompensationPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowNoncashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherSignificantNoncashTransactionValueOfConsiderationGiven1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableByReceivableTypeAxis=us-gaap_NotesReceivableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowNoncashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=flo_AlpineValleyBreadCompanyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowNoncashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIncomeTaxRefunds'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingChangesAndErrorCorrectionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DescriptionOfNewAccountingPronouncementsNotYetAdopted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PriorPeriodAdjustmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingChangesAndErrorCorrectionsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancingReceivablesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAssetsHeldForSaleDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtAndCapitalLeasesDisclosuresTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_VariableInterestEntityDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNoteTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiscalPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TradeAndOtherAccountsReceivablePolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventorySuppliesPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssetsPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsGoodwillPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationRelatedCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InternalUseSoftwarePolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilityReserveEstimatePolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationVariableInterestEntityPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansPensionsPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomePolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCreditLossesForFinancingReceivablesCurrentTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRevenueByMajorCustomersByReportingSegmentsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_DepreciationExpenseTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=us-gaap_InventoryValuationReserveMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SummaryOfValuationAllowanceTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceOfDeferredTaxAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SummaryOfValuationAllowanceTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProspectiveAdoptionOfNewAccountingPronouncementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNewAccountingPronouncementsAndChangesInAccountingPrinciplesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PriorPeriodAdjustmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfErrorCorrectionsAndPriorPeriodAdjustmentsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestAndOtherIncomeTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAssetsHeldForSaleDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ProceedsFromSaleOfAcquiredAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForSaleTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsAndGoodwillTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfChangesToGoodwillByAcquisitionTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleofFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=flo_AlpineValleyBreadCompanyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRecognizedIdentifiedAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAcquiredAsPartOfBusinessCombinationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=flo_DavesKillerBreadMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRecognizedIdentifiedAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAcquiredAsPartOfBusinessCombinationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfPriceRiskDerivativesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsInStatementOfFinancialPositionFairValueTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCashFlowHedgesIncludedInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsEffectOnOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNotionalAmountsOfOutstandingDerivativePositionsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfOtherCurrentAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfOtherAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfDebtDiscountUnderwritingFeesAndTheLegalAndOtherFeesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfLinesOfCreditRepaymentsAndBorrowingsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfLineOfCreditFacilitiesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfOutstandingBalanceOnLineOfCreditFacilityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfReconciliationOfDebtIssuanceCostsAndDebtDiscountsToNetCarryingValueForEachOfOurDebtObligationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsForCapitalLeasesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsUnderOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRentExpenseTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfLiabilityForDeferredCompensationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestAndOtherIncomeTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCarryingValuesAndEstimatedFairValuesOfDebtInstrumentsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByAssetClassAxis=us-gaap_NotesReceivableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestAndOtherIncomeTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfRepurchasesOfCommonStockTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsDeclaredTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCashProceedsReceivedFromShareBasedPaymentAwardsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationRestrictedStockUnitsAwardActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_PerformanceContingentRestrictedStockAwardsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNonvestedPerformanceBasedUnitsActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNonvestedShareActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockAppreciationRightsAwardActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCompensationCostForShareBasedPaymentArrangementsAllocationOfShareBasedCompensationCostsByPlanTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualShareBasedPaymentsByTypeOfDeferredCompensationAxis=flo_ShareholderReturnSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_PayoutAsPercentageOfMaximumAwardTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualShareBasedPaymentsByTypeOfDeferredCompensationAxis=flo_ReturnOnInvestedCapitalSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_PayoutAsPercentageOfMaximumAwardTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_PerformanceSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardPerformanceBasedUnitsVestedAndExpectedToVestTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=flo_ReturnOnInvestedCapitalMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardPerformanceBasedUnitsVestedAndExpectedToVestTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfLossReclassifiedToNetIncomeTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheetTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_PostretirementPlansRecognizedSettlementChargesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAllocationOfPlanAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfAssetTargetAndActualAllocationsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectOfOnePercentagePointChangeInAssumedHealthCareCostTrendRatesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfMultiemployerPlansTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanDisclosuresTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCostsOfRetirementPlansTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectOfSignificantUnobservableInputsChangesInPlanAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfEmployerPlanContributionsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCostsOfRetirementPlansTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfEmployerPlanContributionsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfChangesInProjectedBenefitObligationsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SummaryOfIncomeTaxContingenciesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReconciliationOfAssetsFromSegmentToConsolidatedTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomersByProductsAndServicesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalInformationAboutEntitysReportableSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfReportableSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_SignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredGainOnSaleOfProperty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingHandlingAndTransportationCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasedAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesLesseeBalanceSheetAssetsByMajorClassAccumulatedDeprecation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedCapitalizedInterestCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForUse'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MarketingAndAdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalizedComputerSoftwareGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalizedComputerSoftwareAmortization1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_PercentageOfUnrecognizedGainLossOnPensionPlanAssetsFairValueAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=flo_ThreePointFivePercentSeniorNotesDueTwoThousandTwentySixMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_SignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_DebtInstrumentDiscountAndIssuanceCostAmortizationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=flo_FourPointThreeSevenFivePercentSeniorNotesDueTwoThousandTwentyTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_SignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_DebtInstrumentDiscountAndIssuanceCostAmortizationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_SignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnCashFlowHedgeIneffectivenessNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TrademarksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_SignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsIndefinitelivedExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_SignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_SignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_SignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_SignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_SignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_SignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_NotesReceivableMaturityPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_SignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_SignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=flo_PayByScanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_SignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLossesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsCurrentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLossesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideRevenueMajorCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideRevenueMajorCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideRevenueMajorCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=flo_FurnitureFixturesAndTransportationEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=flo_FurnitureFixturesAndTransportationEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_NewAccountingPronouncementOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleRetrospectiveEffectOfChangeInOtherNonCurrentAssetLongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_NewAccountingPronouncementOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleRetrospectiveEffectOfChangeInCurrentDeferredIncomeTaxAssetAndLongTermDeferredIncomeTaxLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_ScenarioForecastMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardExpirationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOtherThanLongtermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOtherThanLongtermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ErrorCorrectionsAndPriorPeriodAdjustmentsRestatementLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireAssetsInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromCollectionOfNotesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromOtherInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_NonCashRoutesSoldWithDeferredGains'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableByReceivableTypeAxis=us-gaap_NotesReceivableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ErrorCorrectionsAndPriorPeriodAdjustmentsRestatementLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ErrorCorrectionsAndPriorPeriodAdjustmentsRestatementLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireAssetsInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromCollectionOfNotesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ErrorCorrectionsAndPriorPeriodAdjustmentsRestatementLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ErrorCorrectionsAndPriorPeriodAdjustmentsRestatementLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireAssetsInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromCollectionOfNotesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromOtherInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_NonCashRoutesSoldWithDeferredGains'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ErrorCorrectionsAndPriorPeriodAdjustmentsRestatementLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_FinancingPeriodOfDistributorNotesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongLivedAssetsHeldForSaleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsToBeDisposedOf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationConsideration'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationGainLossOnDisposalOfDiscontinuedOperationNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis=flo_FtWorthTexasTortillaFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongLivedAssetsHeldForSaleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsToBeDisposedOf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCostsOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis=us-gaap_DisposalGroupHeldforsaleNotDiscontinuedOperationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongLivedAssetsHeldForSaleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsToBeDisposedOf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongLivedAssetsHeldForSaleByAssetTypeAxis=flo_AcquiredHostessAssetsPlantsAndDepotsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongLivedAssetsHeldForSaleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongLivedAssetsHeldForSaleByAssetTypeAxis=flo_AcquiredHostessAssetsPlantsAndDepotsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongLivedAssetsHeldForSaleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_NumberOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForSale'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongLivedAssetsHeldForSaleByAssetTypeAxis=flo_AcquiredHostessAssetsPlantsAndDepotsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongLivedAssetsHeldForSaleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_NumberOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForSale'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongLivedAssetsHeldForSaleByAssetTypeAxis=flo_AcquiredHostessBreadAssetsPlantsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongLivedAssetsHeldForSaleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongLivedAssetsHeldForSaleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_DistributionRightsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongLivedAssetsHeldForSaleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongLivedAssetsHeldForSaleByAssetTypeAxis=flo_AcquiredHostessAssetsPlantsAndDepotsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongLivedAssetsHeldForSaleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongLivedAssetsHeldForSaleByAssetTypeAxis=flo_OtherAssetsHeldForSaleMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongLivedAssetsHeldForSaleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetIncludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=flo_DirectStoreDeliveryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=flo_WarehouseDeliveryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByAssetClassAxis=flo_WorkingCapitalAdjustmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByAssetClassAxis=flo_AcquisitionRelatedTaxAdjustmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByAssetClassAxis=us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=flo_DavesKillerBreadMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=flo_DavesKillerBreadMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=flo_DavesKillerBreadMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=flo_DavesKillerBreadMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=flo_AlpineValleyBreadCompanyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=flo_AlpineValleyBreadCompanyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TrademarksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_NoncompeteAgreementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_DistributionRightsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_NumberOfIndefiniteLivedTrademarksImpaired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TrademarksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsIndefinitelivedExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPercentageOfVotingInterestsAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionEffectiveDateOfAcquisition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionDescriptionOfAcquiredEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionEquityInterestsIssuedOrIssuableNumberOfSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationProFormaInformationRevenueOfAcquireeSinceAcquisitionDateActual'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_NumberOfProductionFacility'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquiredReceivablesFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquiredReceivablesGrossContractualAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=flo_AlpineValleyBreadCompanyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillTranslationAndPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=flo_AlpineValleyBreadCompanyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredEquityInterestsIssuedAndIssuable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedFinancialAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=flo_DavesKillerBreadMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedFinancialAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=flo_AlpineValleyBreadCompanyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_FiniteAndInfiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsWeightedAverageUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=flo_AlpineValleyBreadCompanyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_FiniteAndInfiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsWeightedAverageUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=flo_AlpineValleyBreadCompanyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_FiniteAndInfiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsWeightedAverageUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=flo_DavesKillerBreadMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_FiniteAndInfiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsWeightedAverageUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=flo_DavesKillerBreadMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_FiniteAndInfiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsWeightedAverageUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=flo_DavesKillerBreadMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_FiniteAndInfiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsWeightedAverageUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=flo_DavesKillerBreadMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_FiniteAndInfiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsWeightedAverageUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=flo_DavesKillerBreadMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPercentageOfVotingInterestsAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionEffectiveDateOfAcquisition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationProFormaInformationRevenueOfAcquireeSinceAcquisitionDateActual'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_NumberOfProductionFacility'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquiredReceivablesFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquiredReceivablesGrossContractualAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquiredReceivablesEstimatedUncollectible'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PriceRiskCashFlowHedgeAssetAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PriceRiskCashFlowHedgeLiabilityAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PriceRiskCashFlowHedgeDerivativeAtFairValueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PriceRiskCashFlowHedgeAssetAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PriceRiskCashFlowHedgeLiabilityAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PriceRiskCashFlowHedgeDerivativeAtFairValueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PriceRiskCashFlowHedgeDerivativeAtFairValueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherCurrentAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PriceRiskCashFlowHedgeAssetAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherCurrentAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PriceRiskCashFlowHedgeAssetAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PriceRiskCashFlowHedgeAssetAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PriceRiskCashFlowHedgeAssetAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PriceRiskCashFlowHedgeLiabilityAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PriceRiskCashFlowHedgeLiabilityAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PriceRiskCashFlowHedgeLiabilityAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PriceRiskCashFlowHedgeLiabilityAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PriceRiskCashFlowHedgeLiabilityAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrealizedGainLossOnInterestRateCashFlowHedgesPretaxAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeCollateralRightToReclaimCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnCashFlowHedgeIneffectivenessNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrealizedGainLossOnInterestRateCashFlowHedgesPretaxAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=flo_AprilTwoThousandAndTwelveMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_DerivativeTerminationMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeTypeOfInstrument'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrealizedGainLossOnInterestRateCashFlowHedgesPretaxAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnInterestRateCashFlowHedgeIneffectiveness'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=flo_SeptemberTwoThousandAndSixteenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_DerivativeTerminationMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeTypeOfInstrument'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrealizedGainLossOnInterestRateCashFlowHedgesPretaxAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=flo_SeptemberTwoThousandAndSixteenOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_DerivativeTerminationMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeTypeOfInstrument'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrealizedGainLossOnInterestRateCashFlowHedgesPretaxAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnInterestRateCashFlowHedgeIneffectiveness'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowHedgeDerivativeInstrumentAssetsAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowHedgeDerivativeInstrumentLiabilitiesAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_CommodityContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowHedgeDerivativeInstrumentAssetsAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_CommodityContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowHedgeDerivativeInstrumentAssetsAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_CommodityContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowHedgeDerivativeInstrumentLiabilitiesAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_CommodityContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowHedgeDerivativeInstrumentLiabilitiesAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSoldExcludingDepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeAxis=us-gaap_ReclassificationOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_InterestRateContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_InterestRateContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeExpenseNonoperatingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_CommodityContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_CommodityContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSoldExcludingDepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis=flo_ContractsClosedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassificationFromAccumulatedOCIToIncomeEstimatedNetAmountToBeTransferred'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis=flo_ContractsClosedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassificationFromAccumulatedOCIToIncomeEstimatedNetAmountToBeTransferred'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis=flo_ContractsClosedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassificationFromAccumulatedOCIToIncomeEstimatedNetAmountToBeTransferred'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis=flo_ExpiringYearOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis=flo_ExpiringYearOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis=flo_ExpiringYearThreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis=flo_ExpiringYearThreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis=flo_ClosedOrExpiringOverNextThreeYearsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis=flo_ClosedOrExpiringOverNextThreeYearsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis=flo_ClosedOrExpiringOverNextThreeYearsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis=us-gaap_CashFlowHedgingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis=us-gaap_CashFlowHedgingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis=us-gaap_CashFlowHedgingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeCollateralRightToReclaimCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsMiscellaneousCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ComponentsOfOtherNonCurrentAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnamortizedDebtIssuanceExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_InvestmentsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesAndLoansReceivableNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsMiscellaneousNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableByReceivableTypeAxis=flo_ExcludesDistributorNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ComponentsOfOtherNonCurrentAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesAndLoansReceivableNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedInsuranceCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BankOverdrafts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedIncomeTaxesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyAccrualCarryingValueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnsecuredDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SecuredDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=flo_UnsecuredCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=flo_ThreePointFivePercentSeniorNotesDueTwoThousandTwentySixMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_DebtInstrumentMaturityYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SeniorLongTermNotes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=flo_FourPointThreeSevenFivePercentSeniorNotesDueTwoThousandTwentyTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_DebtInstrumentMaturityYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SeniorLongTermNotes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_UnsecuredDebtMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_DebtInstrumentMaturityYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=flo_AccountsReceivableSecuritizationFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_DebtInstrumentMaturityYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_DebtInstrumentMaturityYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_NotesPayableOtherPayablesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_DebtInstrumentMaturityYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=flo_ThreePointFivePercentSeniorNotesDueTwoThousandTwentySixMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_DebtInstrumentMaturityDateYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=flo_FourPointThreeSevenFivePercentSeniorNotesDueTwoThousandTwentyTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_DebtInstrumentMaturityDateYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BankOverdrafts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_CapitalLeaseExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualExcludingShareBasedPaymentsAndPostretirementBenefitsByTypeOfDeferredCompensationAxis=flo_DeferredSalariesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_DeferredCompensationPlanPercentageDeferralOfParticipantBaseSalary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualExcludingShareBasedPaymentsAndPostretirementBenefitsByTypeOfDeferredCompensationAxis=us-gaap_DeferredBonusMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_DeferredCompensationPlanPercentageDeferralOfParticipantBaseSalary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LessorLeasingArrangementsOperatingLeasesTermOfContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LessorLeasingArrangementsOperatingLeasesRenewalTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LessorLeasingArrangementsOperatingLeasesTermOfContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LessorLeasingArrangementsOperatingLeasesRenewalTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=flo_TwoThousandSixteenUnsecuredTermLoanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=flo_UnsecuredTwoThousandThirteenTermLoanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=flo_ThreePointFivePercentSeniorNotesDueTwoThousandTwentySixMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_PriceToRedeemNotesAsPercentageOfPrincipal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtPercentageBearingVariableInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_DebtInstrumentChangeOfControlTriggeringEventRedemptionPricePercentageOfPrincipalAmountRedeemed'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=flo_FourPointThreeSevenFivePercentSeniorNotesDueTwoThousandTwentyTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_PriceToRedeemNotesAsPercentageOfPrincipal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtPercentageBearingVariableInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_DebtInstrumentChangeOfControlTriggeringEventRedemptionPricePercentageOfPrincipalAmountRedeemed'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_StandbyLettersOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=flo_AccountsReceivableSecuritizationFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_LineOfCreditFacilityExtensionPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityExpirationDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_AmortizationRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCovenantCompliance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_DebtInstrumentUnusedBorrowingCapacityPercentFee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_FinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=flo_AccountsReceivableSecuritizationFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_LineOfCreditFacilityPercentageOfAggregatePrincipalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=flo_AccountsReceivableSecuritizationFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_LineOfCreditFacilityPercentageOfAggregatePrincipalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=flo_AccountsReceivableSecuritizationFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityExpirationDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=flo_AccountsReceivableSecuritizationFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityExpirationDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_DebtModificationRecognizedAsInterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=flo_UnsecuredCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCurrentBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_LineOfCreditFacilityIncreaseAvailable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=flo_UnsecuredCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityUnusedCapacityCommitmentFeePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=flo_UnsecuredCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityUnusedCapacityCommitmentFeePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=flo_UnsecuredCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=flo_UnsecuredCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=flo_UnsecuredCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=flo_UnsecuredCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=flo_UnsecuredCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=flo_UnsecuredCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=flo_UnsecuredCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNoncurrentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLongTermLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LettersOfCreditOutstandingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=flo_UnsecuredCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsIncludingCurrentMaturities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscountPremiumAndDebtIssuanceCostsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_NotesPayableOtherPayablesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscountPremiumAndDebtIssuanceCostsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=flo_ThreePointFivePercentSeniorNotesDueTwoThousandTwentySixMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscountPremiumAndDebtIssuanceCostsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=flo_FourPointThreeSevenFivePercentSeniorNotesDueTwoThousandTwentyTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscountPremiumAndDebtIssuanceCostsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=flo_UnsecuredTwoThousandThirteenTermLoanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscountPremiumAndDebtIssuanceCostsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsInterestIncludedInPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationLiabilityCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationLiabilityClassifiedNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_VariableInterestEntityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=us-gaap_VariableInterestEntityNotPrimaryBeneficiaryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_VariableInterestEntityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_DistributionRightsNotesReceivableGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_FairValueDisclosuresLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_NumberOfIndependentDistributors'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_FairValueDisclosuresLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_FinancingPeriodOfDistributorNotesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesReceivableNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesAndLoansReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesAndLoansReceivableNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=flo_ThreePointFivePercentSeniorNotesDueTwoThousandTwentySixMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_FairValueDisclosuresLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SeniorLongTermNotes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=flo_ThreePointFivePercentSeniorNotesDueTwoThousandTwentySixMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_FairValueDisclosuresLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=flo_FourPointThreeSevenFivePercentSeniorNotesDueTwoThousandTwentyTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_FairValueDisclosuresLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SeniorLongTermNotes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=flo_FourPointThreeSevenFivePercentSeniorNotesDueTwoThousandTwentyTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_FairValueDisclosuresLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_FairValueDisclosuresLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=flo_ThreePointFivePercentSeniorNotesDueTwoThousandTwentySixMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_FairValueDisclosuresLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_DebtInstrumentMaturityDateYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=flo_FourPointThreeSevenFivePercentSeniorNotesDueTwoThousandTwentyTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_FairValueDisclosuresLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_DebtInstrumentMaturityDateYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockVotingRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchaseProgramNumberOfSharesAuthorizedToBeRepurchased'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchaseProgramRemainingNumberOfSharesAuthorizedToBeRepurchased'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareRepurchaseProgramAxis=flo_AcceleratedShareRepurchaseProgramMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesAPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesBPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareCashPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualShareBasedPaymentsByTypeOfDeferredCompensationAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=flo_OmnibusPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfAdditionalSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitRealizedFromExerciseOfStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualShareBasedPaymentsByTypeOfDeferredCompensationAxis=flo_ShareholdersReturnSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestingPeriodOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualShareBasedPaymentsByTypeOfDeferredCompensationAxis=flo_ShareholdersReturnSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestingPeriodOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualShareBasedPaymentsByTypeOfDeferredCompensationAxis=flo_ShareholdersReturnMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsMethodUsed'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualShareBasedPaymentsByTypeOfDeferredCompensationAxis=flo_ShareholdersReturnMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualShareBasedPaymentsByTypeOfDeferredCompensationAxis=flo_ShareholdersReturnMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsRestrictedStockUnitsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardTargetPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_PercentileRankOfShareholderReturnOfStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualShareBasedPaymentsByTypeOfDeferredCompensationAxis=flo_ShareholdersReturnMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsRestrictedStockUnitsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardTargetPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_PercentileRankOfShareholderReturnOfStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualShareBasedPaymentsByTypeOfDeferredCompensationAxis=flo_ShareholdersReturnMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsRestrictedStockUnitsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardTargetPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_PercentileRankOfShareholderReturnOfStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualShareBasedPaymentsByTypeOfDeferredCompensationAxis=flo_ShareholdersReturnMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsRestrictedStockUnitsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardTargetPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_PercentileRankOfShareholderReturnOfStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualShareBasedPaymentsByTypeOfDeferredCompensationAxis=flo_ShareholdersReturnMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsRestrictedStockUnitsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardTargetPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_PercentileRankOfShareholderReturnOfStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualShareBasedPaymentsByTypeOfDeferredCompensationAxis=flo_ShareholderReturnSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsRestrictedStockUnitsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardPayoutPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualShareBasedPaymentsByTypeOfDeferredCompensationAxis=flo_ShareholderReturnSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsRestrictedStockUnitsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardPayoutPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualShareBasedPaymentsByTypeOfDeferredCompensationAxis=flo_ShareholderReturnSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsRestrictedStockUnitsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardPayoutPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardDateAxis=flo_TwentySixteenPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardVestingDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardDateAxis=flo_GrantDateFourthJanuaryTwentyFifteenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardVestingDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ReturnOnInvestmentSharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardPerformanceConditionPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_PercentageOfTargetShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ReturnOnInvestmentSharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardPerformanceConditionPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_PercentageOfTargetShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_PercentageOfTargetShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_PercentageOfTargetShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_WeightedAverageMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_PercentageOfTargetIncentiveRequiredPayout'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_WeightedAverageMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_PercentageOfTargetIncentiveRequiredPayout'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_WeightedAverageMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_PercentageOfTargetIncentiveRequiredPayout'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=flo_ReturnOnInvestedCapitalMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_PerformanceSharePayout'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=flo_ReturnOnInvestedCapitalMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_PercentageOfTargetIncentiveRequiredPayout'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=flo_ReturnOnInvestedCapitalMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_PercentageOfTargetIncentiveRequiredPayout'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=flo_ReturnOnInvestedCapitalMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_PercentageOfTargetIncentiveRequiredPayout'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualShareBasedPaymentsByTypeOfDeferredCompensationAxis=flo_ReturnOnInvestedCapitalSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualShareBasedPaymentsByTypeOfDeferredCompensationAxis=flo_ReturnOnInvestedCapitalSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualShareBasedPaymentsByTypeOfDeferredCompensationAxis=flo_ReturnOnInvestedCapitalSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualShareBasedPaymentsByTypeOfDeferredCompensationAxis=flo_ReturnOnInvestedCapitalSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardPayoutPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualShareBasedPaymentsByTypeOfDeferredCompensationAxis=flo_ReturnOnInvestedCapitalSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardPayoutPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualShareBasedPaymentsByTypeOfDeferredCompensationAxis=flo_ReturnOnInvestedCapitalSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardPayoutPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardDateAxis=flo_TwentySixteenAwardMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardVestingDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardDateAxis=flo_TwentyFifteenAwardMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardVestingDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentToAdditionalPaidInCapitalIncomeTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensationNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_VestingAxis=us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationAwardTrancheOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentToAdditionalPaidInCapitalIncomeTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensationNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodTotalFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_VestingAxis=us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationAwardTrancheTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentToAdditionalPaidInCapitalIncomeTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensationNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodTotalFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_VestingAxis=us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationAwardTrancheThreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentToAdditionalPaidInCapitalIncomeTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensationNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodTotalFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualShareBasedPaymentsByTypeOfDeferredCompensationAxis=flo_ShareholdersReturnMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualShareBasedPaymentsByTypeOfDeferredCompensationAxis=flo_ShareholdersReturnMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualShareBasedPaymentsByTypeOfDeferredCompensationAxis=flo_ShareholdersReturnMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualShareBasedPaymentsByTypeOfDeferredCompensationAxis=flo_ReturnOnInvestedCapitalMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualShareBasedPaymentsByTypeOfDeferredCompensationAxis=flo_ReturnOnInvestedCapitalMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualShareBasedPaymentsByTypeOfDeferredCompensationAxis=flo_ReturnOnInvestedCapitalMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=flo_PerformanceContingentRestrictedStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_IncrementalSharesGrantedByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsCanceledInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsWeightedAverageFairValueSupplementalGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsCanceledInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=flo_PerformanceContingentRestrictedStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_IncrementalSharesGrantedByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsCanceledInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsWeightedAverageFairValueSupplementalGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsCanceledInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TitleOfIndividualAxis=us-gaap_ChiefExecutiveOfficerMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueRestrictedStockAwardGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=flo_DeferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=flo_DeferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=flo_RestrictedStockAwardsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssuedPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=flo_DeferredStockActivityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodTotalFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=flo_OmnibusPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_PercentageOfConversionPriceEqualingStockPrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=flo_OmnibusPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=flo_AnnualGrantsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=flo_AnnualGrantsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardSharesIssuedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=flo_AnnualGrantsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualExcludingShareBasedPaymentsAndPostretirementBenefitsByTypeOfDeferredCompensationAxis=flo_RetainerConversionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_PercentageOfConversionPriceEqualingStockPrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsOutstandingRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedAndDeferredInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardMaximumExercisablePeriodForStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=flo_StockAppreciationRightsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=flo_PerformanceContingentRestrictedStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=flo_DeferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=flo_StockAppreciationRightsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeAxis=us-gaap_ReclassificationOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedNetGainLossFromDesignatedOrQualifyingCashFlowHedgesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedNetGainLossFromDesignatedOrQualifyingCashFlowHedgesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetPriorServiceCostCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=flo_AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentSettlementLossMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetUnamortizedGainLossMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_InterestRateContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_CommodityContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeReclassificationsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedNetGainLossFromDesignatedOrQualifyingCashFlowHedgesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeReclassificationsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeReclassificationsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_CommodityContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToShareBasedPaymentArrangements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDefinedBenefitPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToSettlements1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansEstimatedFutureEmployerContributionsInCurrentFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansEstimatedFutureEmployerContributionsInNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_PostretirementBenefitsTenureOfServiceForEligibility'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_MinimumAgeForEligibilityForPostretirementBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansMinimumContribution'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_RetireeMedicalPlanEligibilityRequirementsContinuousServicePeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_RetireeMedicalPlanEligibilityRequirementsContinuousServicePeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionOfPensionFundInExcessOfTotalContribution'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNumberOfSharesOfEquitySecuritiesIssuedByEmployerAndRelatedPartiesIncludedInPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountOfEmployerAndRelatedPartySecuritiesIncludedInPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_EquitySecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToSettlements1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountToBeAmortizedFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=flo_LastFifteenYearsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAnnualReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=flo_InceptionInNineteenEightySevenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAnnualReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=flo_LastFiveYearsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAnnualReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=flo_NonQualifiedPensionPlansMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansEstimatedFutureEmployerContributionsInNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=flo_NonQualifiedPensionPlansMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=flo_QualifiedPensionPlansMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansEstimatedFutureEmployerContributionsInNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=flo_QualifiedPensionPlansMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountToBeAmortizedFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansEstimatedFutureEmployerContributionsInNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByPlanParticipants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=flo_MultiemployerPlansMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=flo_RedZoneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansFundedStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=flo_YellowZoneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansFundedStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=flo_GreenZoneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansFundedStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToSettlements1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToSettlements1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToSettlements1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlanNetPriorServiceCostCreditArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossFinalizationOfPensionAndNonPensionPostretirementPlanValuationBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAmortizationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetGainLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAndNetPeriodicBenefitCostTotal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAmortizationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetGainLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAndNetPeriodicBenefitCostTotal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAmendments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanSettlementsBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanSettlementsPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountRecognizedInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByPlanParticipants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByPlanParticipants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_DefinedBenefitPlansMeasurementDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_DefinedBenefitPlansMeasurementDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationMeasurementDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanHealthCareCostTrendRateAssumedForNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanUltimateHealthCareCostTrendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanYearThatRateReachesUltimateTrendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanHealthCareCostTrendRateAssumedForNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanUltimateHealthCareCostTrendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanYearThatRateReachesUltimateTrendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostMeasurementDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsByFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=flo_ShortTermInvestmentsAndCashMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsByFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_EquitySecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsByFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_EquitySecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsByFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_EquitySecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsByFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_EquitySecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsByFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_FixedIncomeSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsByFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_FixedIncomeSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsByFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_FixedIncomeSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsByFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_FixedIncomeSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsByFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=flo_AbsoluteReturnMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsByFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=flo_PendingSaleOrdersMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsByFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=flo_OtherAssetsAndLiabilitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsByFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=flo_AccruedExpensesIncomeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsByFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsByFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsByFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsByFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsByFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsByFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsByFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsByFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsByFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsByFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsByFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsByFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsByFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsByFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=flo_OtherInvestmentsMeasuredAtNetAssetValueMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsByFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=flo_OtherInvestmentsMeasuredAtNetAssetValueMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsByFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=flo_OtherInvestmentsMeasuredAtNetAssetValueMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsByFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=flo_OtherInvestmentsMeasuredAtNetAssetValueMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsByFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=flo_OtherInvestmentsMeasuredAtContractValueMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsByFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsChangesInBenefitObligationAndFairValueOfPlanAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetGainLossIncludedInEarnings1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfDefinedBenefitPlanAssetAllocationTargetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_EquitySecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfDefinedBenefitPlanAssetAllocationTargetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocationsRangeMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocationsRangeMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_FixedIncomeSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfDefinedBenefitPlanAssetAllocationTargetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocationsRangeMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocationsRangeMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_RealEstateMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfDefinedBenefitPlanAssetAllocationTargetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocationsRangeMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocationsRangeMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=flo_OtherDiversifyingStrategiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfDefinedBenefitPlanAssetAllocationTargetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocationsRangeMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocationsRangeMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=flo_ShortTermInvestmentsAndCashMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfDefinedBenefitPlanAssetAllocationTargetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocationsRangeMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocationsRangeMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansEstimatedFutureEmployerContributionsInNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=flo_FourHundredOneKPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanTypeAxis=flo_RequiredMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanTypeAxis=flo_DiscretionaryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsExpectedBenefitPaymentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsExpectedBenefitPaymentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsExpectedBenefitPaymentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsExpectedBenefitPaymentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsExpectedBenefitPaymentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanTypeAxis=flo_ScenarioThreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsExpectedBenefitPaymentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanTypeAxis=flo_ScenarioThreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsExpectedBenefitPaymentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanTypeAxis=flo_ScenarioFourMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsExpectedBenefitPaymentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanTypeAxis=flo_ScenarioFourMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_ScheduleOfPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsExpectedBenefitPaymentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointDecreaseOnServiceAndInterestCostComponents1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointDecreaseOnAccumulatedPostretirementBenefitObligation1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointIncreaseOnServiceAndInterestCostComponents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointIncreaseOnAccumulatedPostretirementBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=flo_IAMNationalPensionFundMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCertifiedZoneStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansFundingImprovementPlanAndRehabilitationPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanPeriodContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansSurcharge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCollectiveBargainingArrangementExpirationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=flo_RetailWholesaleAndDepartmentStoreInternationalUnionAndIndustryPensionFundMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCertifiedZoneStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansFundingImprovementPlanAndRehabilitationPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanPeriodContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansSurcharge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCollectiveBargainingArrangementExpirationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=flo_WesternConferenceOfTeamstersPensionTrustMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCertifiedZoneStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansFundingImprovementPlanAndRehabilitationPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanPeriodContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansSurcharge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCollectiveBargainingArrangementExpirationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=flo_BcandtInternationalPensionFundMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCertifiedZoneStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansFundingImprovementPlanAndRehabilitationPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanPeriodContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansSurcharge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCollectiveBargainingArrangementExpirationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanNameAxis=flo_FourZeroOneKRetirementSavingsPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_IncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_NewAccountingPronouncementOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleRetrospectiveEffectOfChangeInCurrentDeferredIncomeTaxAssetAndLongTermDeferredIncomeTaxLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsThatWouldImpactEffectiveTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsInterestOnIncomeTaxesAccrued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCountryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_IncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwardsDomestic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsCapitalLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_IncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxCreditCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_OperatingLossCarryforwardExpirationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsThatWouldImpactEffectiveTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationOtherReconcilingItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsSelfInsurance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsEmployeeBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsDeferredIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsHedgingTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOtherComprehensiveLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGoodwillAndIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsReductionsResultingFromLapseOfApplicableStatuteOfLimitations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SelfInsuranceReserveCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyNewClaimsFiledNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LitigationSettlementAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LitigationCaseAxis=flo_CollectiveActionTreatmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyNewClaimsFiledNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LitigationCaseAxis=flo_IndividualClaimsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyNewClaimsFiledNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LitigationCaseAxis=flo_NorthCarolinaClassActionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyLossInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LitigationSettlementAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LegalFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LitigationCaseAxis=flo_ConnecticutClassActionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyAccrualProvision'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSalesOfAssetsAndAssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_CorporateNonSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=flo_DirectStoreDeliveryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=flo_DirectStoreDeliveryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSalesOfAssetsAndAssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=flo_DirectStoreDeliveryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=flo_WarehouseDeliveryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=flo_WarehouseDeliveryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=flo_WarehouseDeliveryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_CorporateNonSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=flo_DirectStoreDeliveryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=flo_WarehouseDeliveryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=flo_DirectStoreDeliveryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=flo_WarehouseDeliveryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=flo_BrandedRetailMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=flo_BrandedRetailMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=flo_BrandedRetailMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=flo_StoreBrandedRetailMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=flo_StoreBrandedRetailMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=flo_StoreBrandedRetailMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=flo_NonRetailAndOtherMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=flo_NonRetailAndOtherMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=flo_NonRetailAndOtherMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSoldExcludingDepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LitigationSettlementAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToSettlements1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_flo_IntangibleAssetImpairmentExpenseAndReductionInDeferredTaxExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfBusinesses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableDateDeclaredDayMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableAmountPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendPayableDateToBePaidDayMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableDateOfRecordDayMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfBusiness'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfBusiness'

O+G)E;'.MDD^+
MPD 
Q;]*F?L:5\'#8CUYZ6U9_ )Q)OU#.Y



*P).B0\5?UX^8 TBTH_0(:+L A#&^NQT:E8(C

0;FP@R8;-OGYIH(?
MMWF\81AU8\K(XK%T-8943OTJDH\ Q:X831F:3LTXXFBD(3^ G/
6+V2?$9/
M-(X'PJ8%EQV^3O8:W7..7AKQ%/25V^9CGIYFHQ*/B76_..7+8\#?NW_+
*-7?/Q,0X$9#3B@
M0T\9FKH!UB\3XVD:.K@%AAA<OF[@&8EENJ?V-(!=DY.V:ZI<1SK493<O$
#
M;T^/+V7=ROI


M$P   'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE
2YX;6SM6EMSVC@4?N^OT'AG]FT+QC:!MK03
X%<R)!%!,!FGK_# J5
7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#
MW(*+$MX%,O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S

YV?/;$[9^
RMIT-&T:









M2^JVE+ZU)CA*]+'







N2D5SJT^.7]%+(.&3E[2
M)1(4BK 


W)#V%0E\Z[:)@N%


+$CN'MB[\!



 S9SAPQE \N'B15\94\%I7C5R&5Z7:113)XY755#[QEC7Z
MRYF+FBK=%9=(MH+1DR755400RJ*:EDVX*NS87JP*?E-5V;].2MKJGXMV$5


ZWTS)$9D:L8D=E0E#]NK

MB_[%)J^3.5#)MKSZ4Y[4=1GF87!B9WJKU#-_?&5]0FD8]-E_9W=6:;B9B=8X


VL6VW_3R2#UZ7Z$BNILP



PL03*K#;
ML6]FDK@J &9*!;8\]AU-W#J#
=.97?3$;.A4[*].<
MZ;;H;B==1_&VOWE%P_5O]1]02P
$%     @ 8#172I4J%%N/!0  _QP  !@

M*6B[67CGXF+;KG?SJXOIVL?]U47_.&S6N^[C?G9XW&[;_3_+;M


M2P#)FP%\F 5L#@ZF[KZ8SNT5Q?[_GFV/X[60SM.OK )9G7X\4I=]/_2F\/



M!)O8B.


$Y=K4
87H2&TJ(5%K T-+/='4(\NSW,2D'TX@:Y@H5/Q@[%&P
M?J+V$VR.0R[UCS:$='ZKL(@Y0L2463EPDB23E2-H2$D;/5!LU#%2R1!5-


M.(+9);8RU!OCI=B2+XJ(KI%62





L;FPV@
=EX4W-TLCC[$C5^&ORM

YWA\_R1U/AO[A



DV;M$E5IW6_

M(K$]THZ(&S;07CW9


6+L60^^[=8ATD2TI5NI4Q!U.=.:MJW.



]6M4+/G39FL
MHK/.


D


!$],JM.&.1/L&9-4I4,W*M%1
M'1.O@Y;NI;XMU#VW9R4[D&P8SX'1]3Z^0=02P
$%     @ 8#172F5BC(KK


ASEQI;D;\B?Y&A^




MCH:AO#7-U^'F]\
V9H
B5[I]/S11^*]WE[FR'%KR.OZ=&XT??0Z!R^N/UG\=

MV8V?T?[6]4TUM^*E5
6WZ?M2C]_WN?V/

M(%% 









1\YAG)L/*0LUS
M6IK3+@BA#0+#/CA#2\
%[4L&]A.*
Q9L

M0E
AEUIAM*%6O8)5YV,I(+21$%F+=5H2P+DP![$H1^PYE1$.0:P?GUQQO=

*C_
MJBZJM'#'Q

M 1\

(AZ*5UN-KG)E_-&7X.F7]Y3[G81?10V^ULWV26[^V;3


@)+9
(SG+5$
M64M$ML0=Q*B#V)=-@9Y5CY$W1 5)06XV/B@3


I


 4K_L4*?Q

1B#)VR#H-S!(!


[-L1/S#5D8'[E

MN^T'1I^&SCT:_SXL_P%02P
$%     @ 8#172ADMD&%+!P  /RD  !@   !X


O]8E6OMXMF/=K4#^?C7_3'6^]W!?:*



%S!=
M 7
LH





M0YK5=@MDNE(N:MQ3%O:4!3W%&KH\:.A=0\;$8J*A)MRLD'FO+LFIQH:F*4
M]M[;0E

M:3X]*WG+Y;+



M %
G!D*RTI

C4^5^
#(U8*;CS-02FBFH
MJ=*88V1JP$PG1A- TWC'_4AFOA?E80X#TP!@.@;
F9' G'@^ Z_[5+D=S%0#









MI_.X+[RY 9CN^6
5#T*V45;Y$
5M-41Z
H+]HS/.7/!X[@7\DU5 !I]<-:H!%=:MSM5%8!I^I.M-8DT)(




*Y@+=LU(!Y=)C&839W


+1H

$%     @ 8#172B[I!I=K!P  

YP

B8L-BN




8&=&Y@PP\;\-B


1B)=YHHU'Y?<H7I4'6L(F8<82,HV8<Y.R*^C&QH)

M%-.D'(E*.@G-1C/
M5TVA0]%Z.
8A$MC#$UFI,XQG



1=@1A)'.$JI
M8*D66Z(-VE2+RP,;E 4.)9VPMMI7KJH8U50#L*S$<BR7 %?96)IKV*:L]BFG
ME$A[RY7U)),@!$N5K21K#0MI8M.7K+%366!54O5JJQW&LI?&V0!8GD+1JI6M
M<52P5\)V1<N9'Y2$[(KJS+3!N)R7B7L;XGC

%:20DK89F]5?T09NY(V3K#7JRE8I%824L&L1
M<BV9B)$V&G;!.)D@()R-++/G)<3YCQ0Q]9%#BAI08P)VP@!&XE2D@CZ0_9V
MM4P 

M 2:08X*[+&R,U!VE2BS5F*J JL)!W;$4E)
HJ6/:XTZ;L,Y!UN0)J!IMB
M46[8- 5+L= 45)+*4 C#6=@:;+O+UFH.F.9:;0(%AP:I4 U#1)N&2-W8&!
M.\AMA)IAM9&%5O$&P!]-'\$R]FK+2QOA_W& ;^1.U^U T:2K
PW 8I8;3@







S5!G3;C#6106Z0?90F-/3E()9JRISEBWECI28)CLEBLL&!U
M@_+4^PXJ3^7%\+J!@XKT10BF_FV!RRY#




3 N



M



+5L+3FC\R\;
6S 0  T@,  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T

M?5/MCIP@%'T5P@

MOH+[-ER
M]BJ4DL-O978$P--01_2TSD+^ CX+F&RFS
)E5P17X+QJ2YH$A(
M!94+L)O-W@$I8*03^/GHDG7D(&X/;^I?XBU^UJNPL(CJA^R=EU!CY34T(A1


N^[A/\TUV6&C[
M!+X0^$HXQCAL#A0S?Q).E+G!B9BY]X

M%H06S'G&\ TF71'
JZ\A^%Z(
_^'SO?IA]T
#Y%^V-+3X[Y MBN018'LOR7N







GS
G75)&X/K\ROXAU1YJN0@'#ZA^R-IW!;VCI(9&#
H_X?@1

M 0  T@

BVD




M3
5_@BNH$!Z5A!PE*I=64O;.HYY8@A0MWL9=FK0/X\WN

'6 7P\!EPG_*P
M,5%2_B2\*#*+ [%C[SL1GWA[Y*$W972F5J2[(-X%[[7@_)Q:R2:8DYC#%_$

MT 
$
M7;QIMRO;4C91U$J-M$K5Y)FUQS8*&!?P.OG[#MAQK,;JS##.6<N#.E@[(MK
M #QYU:IU&6V\[PZ

MH^]D\]3T7LD63I:X7FMAWXZ@S)#1+7UW/


=$^\/7#L31&<L17Q#I-WZ+WDUTG*+D%G@AQ'%] MC.


$%     @ 8#172BWI2UVT 0  T 

:,6%4Q%B9=Y[W7<I_GFCB^T?0)?'PEW

_\H








M
Q([];X7X8GW!XZ]*8










^/C+FR

M

M@_-&SRPH18OG:9==W



96Q#L4[]![+?C^D+%K()IC3E

7\7LE@B&[$L*OI7BQ%_!^39\


M:&5E='
_UZ@O5[5ZA=@AGEOW@Q#/J)]<AV )\]:&5?0SOO^R)BK.M#





];RB9B_\$5U A/H).2I4+JVD&IQ'
M/;,$*5H\3[LT:1^GF]MLAFT#^ S@^ NY6%3HJ3\G?BSV.Q$Z][T5\XOV1


)L-C/_\@MGSC
M\A=02P
$%     @ 8#172AY=(FNT 0  T@

MK8AW*-ZA]YSS)$G9.1!-

J<!?ANP\*





G9

[HYYD
MZ9N

-MH[3Y$AA^C9.\L([#^PMCV_R%CY.^P]A:]DZ


M

M2)IE:[HO@(W?\[
QZ8#FR38 CKQHU=J

M

M#I:GG:CA![B?W=%XB\TLI=306HDM
@_&URNDN


M?5-A;]L@$/TKB!]08I*N661;:CI-J]1*4:=MGXE]ME'!YP&.VW\_P*[GM=:^


R#*



K8AW7KSUWDO.KV]2


+5L+3FC\R\;^U\A


M;M0P$/T5RQ]09[U+6ZV22-TB!!)(JR+@V9M
$JN^!-O9E+]G[*0A0.#%]HSG


J\EO\UR=HU$

M#8Y0AQ]L
10T(1[O\.RF
9N

M_17$!X1=UME$*]M2-E'52JFT2I7DF;7'%P48%_ Z_?L=ARWM?HS##GS)EA

H(4I+QS6;/






%DG2%8)DDB0_+?$M9CKOY*P



M4C0*M&N



M
A;_'2X@

@RDC2BO$DN6-:R);F:?2=




M @KA(1.
41CEXDJ*WGFC)Q5


M4IB^C9.\\
X#^\CCF_R!C]/^+&PM6T?.QN/+QOY7QGC 5)(;'*$&/]AL**A\
M..[Q;

$%     @ 8#172I\AM1FT 0  T@
  !D
]P?&7-F%N[*]-#A36VL%AY-VS#76Q!5!&G%^&YWS;20'2VRZ#O9(C.#
M5[*#DR5NT%K87T=09LSIGKX[GF73^N!@1=:+!KZ!_]Z?+%IL8:FDALY)TQ$+
M=4[O]H=C&N)CP \)HUN=2:CD;
Q+

S%?X$+* P/

8\;$H4E3\(+XK



M&K/)\*:??Q!;OG'Q&U!+ P04     !@-%=*Q?4#+4!  #2 P  &0   'AL



VS'461)5 6C&^V=PS+:2A199\%UMDV'LE#5PL

HL#L6/O


M@7U

=QVPT


N
MQ








V:(!

A.QEML9BFEAM9*;(F!*J.WV\

M#]SWI@C.V(IXY\5;[[WD?+]-V24033''


M='

RYX;6Q]4V%OVR 0_2N('U 2XG999%MJ6E6;M$E1IVV?B7VV




JK-M5?-3Z=)\D[?8HJ[R]

<H/\H?4/T]/C1DE8Y9=4<FZ+50=-7*_

IEU

M[/Z;O
C2P+N5&(ZM*EO[&VW/K5;5D


Q3V99[/M)NVCL/^9Q;=F]K*F^6R97+I$

M3))!DLQ/L$@=$H0)/

#QVC7!T$@
MA2L  HH0&!?P8I7 U 4$ $ MM?^-[FU)4!!(5T@N \.W-PM
! H5T@(N
M\!W.PM
! H5T@.N \$W.PM


M G(C7 [(=[I@=G@ B$



F-<#QA8G=TR
MD&!



MFS 4?17D!ZB!0+X$2$VG:9


M3N

&J@U[-YX+9RDO+9!5_/.0F=
M(^!0&D?!['#!^#<
5D?OT=2

V=4ZV)#C#



M.

54VK@Y

M


9J[A'T];



M'7K?\O#$ZV.O2F
[8BWJ%XA]YKOMGM4G8-1&/
:8A)9C'K*8(A^Y0B64IQ



M3I:X7FMA_QQ!F2&C&WH-O
JZ\2' \K03-?P _[
[6?38K%)*#:V3IB46JHP^



7F
V
8*@^I^!K*8[\/SI?


5:O!S8ZR@?S$]IV7+/1
M\::;7A;GW'^%U!+ P04     !@-%=*#SAC]K8!  #2 P  &0   'AL+W=O


MI6K[S-IC&P6












M3(AG0KP0#MZ'3$8^\V=J:)$I.2(UG7U/W15O



M#YF



0TV)6*8#XJ
M49




M970T
2YX;6R-5&UOVR 0_BN('U!BG


=SSW-WF




 T/
MDO]J2]
P< = ^@2D'H=



-BRRXKL @2[&Y$09A\6V0=%]@&)$R0! F2#[0B




M970T
BYX;6QU5-N.FS 0_17D#UASR8T(D#9;K5JIE:*MVCX[9!+0VIBU3=C^




:K84@1[

M8.4%5O^T&U:Q##_J7*-FJP1@61A@F%6N,D&-=D@ NN%8;9X9;U&2+&P7
M)AAFAYOL4)


'C?)HR9Y1.#^QB2&.=R8
MD


M4

.G_S93&

$%     @ 8#172E8AS4P[







M V;?8^()Y@-!#/LH$6
2^_C!/

-MD=6]8N=H_R![SO=]^9O%2-HYFZ?=/<!G(3087Z(G\TZ4IL6.
MPYG;:<K



M





[!9)
MG*)PV5V(^+'-PBJ5
DO2
( ]]-D#D)LO_8BGM


M3#


M6\JEBAJIE4ZIVOSF[/6' L8!?$[?OH!]CG.A?PYV/3

M2

I7=(?A?]FS6N;/1=)$F7D[(06S&'&T TF7A'$JJ\E:*C$

M0C87)T U_LEJ5




M_

N*M50^\9YU^LN1BY8J/12G0/:T8,-:IL@
ML
T:&G=^45NYW:BR/E9-77'=L*3Y[:EXL^6-?RZ]HE_FWBM3Y4R$T&1]_3$
M?C#UL]\)/0HFED/=LD[6O/



M16(H$@.Y4P$8598)($BR2-!$LY$$,:QVRD420%!-!-!F 46R:!(!@CBF0C
M)%AD466@&!^\ CC./@5%%D!@OG!(XSCX$F(718^4J2A@\)A5 (HR-RI.1P



M9%]PZ97\W-GRX6YVJA(VD7T'_\&'$N


MQ 
X:61;VFQ5M5(K15MU^TSLL8V6BPLXWOY] 7M=-^7%

.YS& @'Y5^

M
@^YBRYS-5C.)%PT
H
05/\^ U=C@;?X/?'

:&CIP^ZS&SS#WL\=H

M)ON(0'9G$L

M:&5E='

YX;6QM4]MNW 0_17$!P2;=9+5RK:4316E4BNM$K5]


.?



MLK#47(*R7MDHGP77HX9B$^!OSF
M

MB_#=&GYSNTV0;1)DD2#[I\3T2XE;
5]5DE5/)9@V3I-%E1Y4G.25=QG8.QK?

O);GR(]3Y#[88 AH7CK?^;*8QFPRG^_D'







M%AYA$H5G%+N

%



0L?/P@*7S]RTV[44A]]HV6RG3HWOLN[61V;

M@?43J]JANR1CB[OYU!+ P04     !@-%=*RQ%\EN$!   !!0  &0   'AL


A C#.:D$9)3;4S9$C5*H+4+XHQ$09 23OL!E[GS7629BYMF_0 7

\]VVGK8.4^4A;^ KZVWB1QB(K2]US&%0O!B2A*?!C

 .WF1B-



\LIX[V42'G-RMT0+YCQCH@TF7!'$L*\2D4_B
]UCEMCA@,ANFQ!
M,'TG!^CM2BV58,:&JB%Z4, J3Q*<TA*B6!=CXO
YTZJR.3%\*Z'DT+Z(@13


M WYV



B5'I*:]'YC[




+=4[OML=3&O 1\%/ X!9G$BJY&/


FG4



MV/_:& ^8RN8&1ZC%#S8;$FH?CI_P;

$%     @


M3^*



MRM;N7BNV;%






:CWOMOY7.Y;/#6
MDF:-VVJYZ_Z.;I]V=;7JM32FK(I?^]?%NGM]Z?4?Q+ [ 7D44#H00'5ZA8

YC/? &
2GYF]N7WYVX[/
3&@<$YK$A#%!Z$[WC/&\
M39RC^W*-2%2&CZS:)UYC$[/4X


MSTN+O;3 RZ!
SRQ92@ED$N4TXN9 GQNP/
66I\#RH 7-4K*2:XH@LAV1$FW\
M') ZM0/V.VR_ _:'Y=71'=4H;*XI*+



14)2PVT2GI6DT0^K


M:\VCM/K^

M1DON2ARUG!L/O30:Z=U F-A*FE'8=!9%.H[P30A9I0FH1.((C;+:9U2- Z

M8LKT&



30M;
ZVO2/E4V.
MS[9=_ ]02P,$%     @ 8#172HNDSJ5Q @  )0@  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE
'. $M

\E'0I]9C3&W7KJV9UN[YGS8. ZK:MPA
M]D &W(LO9T([Q

4.M


M*3U7$A3B=X-'MGJW9I'0I[EXMMI:[O2$6YQQ:4$$H\;WN.VE4KQ]]9U%[V
ME
3U^ZOZ%Y6\2.:(&-Z3]D]SXO763FWKA
_HVO(G






MQM7W$L









M1#

I]W


O





MLT

ME1=0






MYX627F1N*^5P0$B4+5 L'M@ O=JI&:=8JB5OD!@XX
J0*$&!Y\6(XJYW\]3$




MX4P(WPC1NX1H)D0; K)63&U.6.(\Y6QRN/V[ ]:7R#]$JOJE#IIBFSU5'J&B
*$ZV#;<FXQM_^^8-UTOG N3ZB*:ZU(S
M)D%EZ3VHGFK5B[,L-123Q
UY[;O[$*R87Y2T/*NY?\ 4$L#!!0    ( & T

MVXZ;

D+MH=S
MCL\

M5!



MG0


UVVQ.D3^
M*I+5+U10%UN_D^7A






?A+Q
MJ]DQ.7
EC51&
MI0'H22P?-S(AI2E4I)Y_.U%[<%3$<?CN_H77;PL9H\YV=#R3W$4EZ6=V-:1


IAP#*?NP0 (*))_? 2DHD (9&(6NT^D.0'-UN@@^

MGPC.\)V2_P=02P


ZBJAA
BD+LHF7BV&O;MVM3!'
M6Y6-OFNC[EC71?O[5E?FO(PA?MZX+W=[VV\DJ\6AV.EOVGX_W+5NE5R\;
I:
M-UUIFJC5VV7\'FYR.A@
B!^E/G=7[U&?RH
QC_WB\V89DYZ1KO3:]BX*]SCI



M''#F93%Y !I1HB2*?=36&$$92G U'V? #2CET1DQXBI.ID3JD0E!*DUG








V^R64


M8R7+E91X^_:E9




O%L7RVO]O^C^-#Z^ZB

)3'IODVW/RRO9NKP9&M
M[*8?0I3NZ]46MJJ&2

M^6QKG\J7JO_:G'ZVTX#B^6P:_:_VU59./CAQ?6R:JAL_9YN7KF_J*8JS4I??

-:&I EP8Z^; !3PWX1P/S80




#F#& N4YFGJ).FN2
M47,8-3=::^7)B2C+

%%)E8F4\
MQU)TH]
\C['C!#I.0)XSSW(B^F&3*./9*8!
9ZRTYQK)8B?$KE/H.I6N
Z^?


M-&D5(%+A?Y$K=X6&A9+=Q
]U
G 4_
L;^T)MF[M

MH%[$H1F/^:V33V0/PU0#FOJUMM  @*DKCWY:@(PXST.SH-22U+Z=;30DFXF
M297O1ZINW(Z+ G8P!#6@H%\DRWIQ61(9@CH-.=I8-$0!ATAT/G


MS*P#







MA-Y=+R=JX$[Q?ZRR;8YO
*J@ICVWCVKX#E



JT&I



M 8?:^NFUF^OQGHZ!5=WT!

M=Q)YRCM%ZP9.PI

M@T;6O/$$7#/_




ME5?M;ILP%'T5Q 
4;



K ^S! @P:^
O#'
M&@3*(!@;$E$&9*R'4!F$8PVH

E=7
M(#+6%=P)$=0*:0\%W&M0\(EUA+L(,MN(V91*7L?$MD2F;(?;*$(UCTRA4_
MJ(<5B.BGR@-K#-DLWHL ISG[ ?1F;W&8G; #C/I;BW@!@6.';- M(^EC@




Y?


TYA=):D;.'-+


MO=_5GTSMJI8+%G!DY&^=RRJQM[:50X&O1#ZS[AL
]82V-13_ VY %%QGHF)D






M ^V(4'*26@*KYDYVA%*MI'S\L:+^^$Y-G/;?U3^;XE4Q1RS(CM'?]5E66S_S



ZS:1+
^F#




G
ME6^E+L-Q0


2YX;6R-5.V.FS 0

[*R_


MDX5IFL4SUSTFG=1)
U.'S%PO883&A%*_G=1K)_78F6WT-EW420B.HMFAVBUA


MP9M@=DSQ7)2_BX

MP+#W+C#D8HLGYGCH()\B(@Q[B

ISF@(RXE!.3$@)QG):3'QG1\:C_



GPP


MX#L[\_99'!B3WDM5UF+N'Z1L[H- ; ZLRL4=;UBMGNQX6^52#=M]()J6Y5L=


M6
R:?
]^


BPJ



CV$%H@E #&BO]1+%K(8=5

Q:+
'3&Z0

M 85-0]'THE#8--3^&ME%
:#8491^G6!T5JU8N]=]@/ V_%C+[CPWFAUZC0?2

YHCOUEQU4SS0
2K:3





M$8Z=*)Z8W)A
$

$H(Q-\ 5HP, [
M 



M1@[



M





M$(=#V


M

&IMY

M+FOA')A4=ZBYZ4Z

M4$L#!!0    ( & T5TIK







M=IS^;4ZJ+L(O87

2I.I?T&52\59UY%



M29M
MNGV-Z-G1K



M6$8MN?;?J+YI(\7L8E
1[&UJN]ZWX[22YW-8.(#
 60)(%
M$\AG_ID95A5*





MMM]NXB2H@)GM)-W=SS:$!7/HNC\!.^]YGW.
.7AQ%O)%'3C7P6M=-6H9'K1N
M;Z-(;0Z\9NI&M+PQ_^R$K)DV0[F/5LYV[J@NHH(0FE4L[()5PLW]RA7W'4










MY#J?31IUIIA ^WS;I_O3#KN^H&^^7LWYD%:

Q\P] H3
M7V



$$4KM@X X2B(6Q+





Z





3Q


M]^
'G



TB(0:=^KLC[9N


M2FYU?RK



FN$

:R#8OCHQH!2


M2P


Y*
X?^5:D&];6OUW
M?N*9

M3#NP@8/35=9*_9S(9+6HQ-FJNFZ52?-0D#NF%G/3W&S7KOU-J:W5W=
J#.*%

M%-\0+XI7$P BPFZ!X3TEPW[A] _G-[: :()K0V&JV&N;4QS!)/:&T\I[7$
MQ;RY$YJKC3[H+K(B)/80T&&%P 9-]C +L'PDAGT$HPO0?RRH5X&UC_V#&TF
M&&&&/8
JK]T-1=3!\)02+3$XOY(]$,N1@N@N@:
MR1WC999+,5T4T64*@7F@9+I<:IAF=()<;=27:WJ54 P-1= 8WNT4TT]&6(Q
M#11-JY'8\;@RBL7$4$1




M;ILP%'T5Q /4?$

L 'S2I

0F((R;V$U!#20'UU=7+M<8


M_MKN T%;\R*AX5DL_@)02P
$%     @ 8#172L2$]P\Y P  7PX  !D   !X



I4C?VFM6JNM5^W\W
MPPU &\!4@T ;!)T!6\:A-H@G&H0:8/(,/#:W-7#?$Q%NE[6[.K4;3U4:5-V
M9!')[=HUDVIWU)I\GES.7M;QGR]2^-(8QY:#/0Q23C$/&*8:(C9VACH$)Z



)&:$D% B3^B9()+F403

433




M+GAM;)56[8Z;




7ZM





S[W^
MA883:$^@8PFL)[ K01G[$<'O?X[P?^0P'L'TL0/4&,)00](1A+'M.)80
M]81H;)2 7%:.C)T#KHO]OMH@/J9<EAOHZ%DNPY
HWA=+K;)_36NX_FT+
Y.
MV=7G

3 CL
M%K
T

K




7W&!K[@PDY1HX5H*TW(_
MXGK;7&PB!$&FMT(3(2$6ZHSP,T.D$3EN$*(*X3CZSO%:(1H8L
9QF+M*Q=
MF2#NZQO.&E

/&GHLK Y;FC@P

MKQ0^W]/O

&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#@W+GAM;)57[V^;
!#]
M5Q#?6_9GU42J6DU;=(F59NV?::)DZ 9N DW7\_VU#*\+F+P$[[][=N_#

M*@L/?#_RRBROW

MVZSJ[
A^

<*G!\_\;^28N78IZSECWP

M#RD 2[$%(WR2X

MF$ICPICZ$[$FZ8@:3C1BZ H#1.\XAM.#0J3H#B!!%*$
WO68P2Q$@%P:1G



0BT=H[@;J#]?+L7=0
U7@RFW!XWE)JG%N!2W##4M

M$.HVEO=-=VKI%H+7_8G
&XZ%FW]02P
$%     @ 83172JE=]IP  @  '08





735HUAPF#5YI


M-AC=?3::WMM0W[


@B)Z#VKI&O56+P



M$Z9_7]LP-+$]?8D7SCW+#3;51-D+;P&$]]J3@6_]5HAQ@Q _MM!C_D1'&.23
M

M_#=-H? :\+.#


71 M!=%:$/Z_(%X*8J



GF2P5M[ZZX+ 6:AI

$%     @ 83172BV[;KDY @  ZP8  !D




(UUIMY-)-V[^R:KE;JV5N1Q3A'
M-V
T:+:])IIHHGO%;JG ?R1( XP4D9
BLO'XCB)V&VG ;8&\9U!,BNCUZ16
MTUA-B--X5HE#1-+0C1([46('2CI#Z37)) N.5\$,Q2%*,7&C)$Z49(&2S+]M
MLD@2)O$JFF^+4X;#!QN3.FG2!4T\.T?;=)$FA

PX8G)7I$MT7_?7;
M#Q1OAZ


_/-@(8L;D*^JC/G.GEKFTXMT[/6
M_7.6J?V9MTP]B9YWYLM1R)9ILY2G3/62LX
S:ILL!Z#(6E9WZ6KA]K9RM1 7
MW=0=W\I$7=J6R3]KWHC;



M[&H=C9KUH

P 311ZER)T]FD? ).X 11T@YP#?I5%Y:0R:
MPFDZIRER@@HOE5!%$:$P#H.C




V$'T5Q 
L]AALN$HBW9MJ

M-O%J
8Z]MJN%.??5L=&O;=2=Z[IL_WW1E;DL8Q[_&/ARW!_Z82!9+4[E7O^I

M+F
V


M DV
@_D*N8!-ZIG3XSV$XR[$!6 AW
((OXVDOKQGV/U2#^N;X[;&_;Z6R8 0


P)IQBLK (5:J

MM6[WX]% %VW

Z;7




 3(W_:4C:9F[A.

.DXW

MFB=QF**K%IHQIPD3K##^@D!*?;$(;!:G8$





M\UMDD02X)&V3M@&*'N[NV6V4Q*AMY6RUZ?W[DVPEL+DSJO32Q.YPN5QR9I?2
MYN2IVGS?/I1E/?FU6JZWI].'NGY\

MS[:/FW)^NQNT6LZ
3[8_5:K[Y[[Q<
M5D^G4SU]_N++XOZA;K^8G9T\SN_+/\OZK\?/F^;3[

MTS_TFQNM0SMB!_E[43YM#WZ?M&OY6E7?VP_7MZ=3U;I4+LMO=6MCWOSX65Z4





$
M'6:]P^B4E%<JV^QK Q2

I_V&'\P5=1%ZY)P2B)#4.H8

X8Q)T\L@#DQ(50PAF
M-)B(1,6P##PB!1O'0.2<

X*2AE#2(+9E



M4\

UP0 X$
ME3O0X?GS?7

]D0-/$CY.G_NYF7*;P*#'GM(H Y]6^&)



MT*P -+/
64*+PH]8
*%%@3*C6#  6?;NB+T\0K3([PL=:&A6*PA]DF?& @%
MT*?8@1](J%/'%)91UDP&P=+QPYY%)W^UYR1TVBI^+YJ_\HD^1SH9K7




!   G


M;D)D#9=5;M2*T5=;??9@2%8M3&UG=#^?7TA"7L_:


DBE9$4-;B(O.Y

V^REV*;KC%P<T8#9!TPRP:SCU8@A


S=D_HA:H3:S4Z2F.OBS_4



M;6^;
!#^*Q;?5X

)2X?L.]X



P&TF1J





M='








MB219REGG\?[KMD1?HL4F5J=_TDESV.:=.AZALM=LC9


9@D
ML



M

#6:=&_T/R$:%$
M*R%

MBZ]BS)C
&UL=93;CILP$(9?!?$ ZT
(AX@@-5NM
M6JF5HJVZO7:224!K
&L[8?OVM0U!%)P;?/KG_V:
[;P3\EV5 #KXK'FCMF&I
M=;M!2!U+J)EZ$BTT9N4L9
54U=H2C2!
MA/


\Z#(;B?\ -
MN)';3 SC*+ARW^!X55K4@XM)I6:??5LUKNT&_WN8/X . 70

F=E;D24D1S=K-&AVO89.- F)1PTR

;8)+

AS:5V5^\LA 9CB9],UJ5Y6\<!A[.VW<3T9?_] 
MVN'Q
M1.




CFK3T(H8+WJJS;97A0ZG@?

ME44MGIN@/555WOQ]$*6\+$


M\2C*LG/2.?X8T_!VSZYP?'YU_]PWKYMYS5OQ*

M+\(TQ



MF\2A8!P*Q&%6G$'#QG&2Q [CBA@C&([P@
B
*M*
R-@M(DML.X


%FP
M#UJ
:-PO19-9
+QUX6+III%@NF ?O& ('=D
E3'

!

M
2(
CD-@FA ?FA@1GXQ.0EEJ!2(N3N*

C



M+ZGH]CFW^@=02P




M.H_?$VE\US2!\_&-_9


M@$X!U E(QLQLJ1^98NOE(*[1
)Y6STQ3X 75F[DSBW;O['^Z6JE7+^NJ*);)




M 2G8.C#H'6Z' JBLHB'WP+!]8
@_/)L4!E%* M(P1:00_QNM1'I3E.0QL(


+ZR

M^_L3-G@+^-W (!=[QU1RX?S5&-^*U/5
0D A5T:!Z.4*1Z#4.DT_DZ:[AS2
M$)?[F_H76[NNY4(D'#G]TQ2J3MW8=0HH24_5Q^^PE3/H^M
Q7^'*U --YGH




$%     @ 83172HE=_T'B


B#]/0/F8^Z%_:SQWYU:9!BJR@9SA.Z@?PU'H


DV[=_:=3BMU]UI\2)

M78W0C'F:
'B%P6\1Y3TB^@=!VL#B CM=8



\/
B7$^
OXB

M+7/3._(R9U=)VQZ.W!'7KB/\QQXH&PO7<^^-Y_;22-U 93Z0WP&^64X<E6A




M^%=




MJ:EJJ0

#@UBL+5W)
MF;$7O?E6I+:C#0&!7&H%K%X7. (A6DC9^#-IVG-*35RNK^I?3.VJEC




MN'M?-3/70=
[\TU5*U3TDNUV?H(N6FC'$:,M\X
P(I]3F%MY7BX-W1O=L$



M_MN+Z#P1'CU]AE?Q@YH4X\5^DQG'S _
JZ85UIE)=4/
.2X9DZ L.@^JD[6:

3 V+GAM;'U4;:^;(!C]*\8?

&WMC9JLG99MF1+FKML^TSUL9H+XH#6NW\_0.NL)?LB/(_G'

-

3PHD0SH0@_B\A


MYK1NO#1VOI-

MI+'PJ)+7'!I5BP9)*!+O,=@=B<4[P.\:.C79(UO)68@7:WS+$\^W0&#3%L%

/XON


M3UO9










UH:)
M[&F$UE)#+1!.!!:+&P*152#2 M%$(
V2624VS
S.K0V3V1.)K8G$5P)QLK +
M)%:!Y'XK4JM ^G\KUC9
:@^268-D5P)9.C^: R;6F'8X6UZ0V*
LK%$6UV:F
M@5W ]^QWR+O?3O_&-?3O
-0*NG%P?.M57/G!'9X:T






=?!?$ !9N;
;;IC<KH:X;




MBJ;_;ZW?FE:4RHM

M1 H)3T


MJC]MY(S)Q)A

'H$G3E#+IGF1GF':-XAMNH\+2
4\O$P$1HFPCQH _08 4&1'UY1Q-!0
M# NEKR\&0H4


M$VB:1))I)+V*C)]P\=)

N

3FG#UV+_U!+ P04     !A-%=*UH\L/F(  !#!P  &@   'AL




8CEW($F
MKZPJ&W0@!KW6-21_4E3A;F
ZYGWBK;P43$Q82=S_J!V'M[('QD#2ZGLD8-



M)7 ? N^IP%
[W]7\)7 ?PBIX) 8*'87WHR^6K/X.

E





MLP$NNC4.\2WP4IU+;0


MLV.:Y9D4'9+^Z[;
7J)P14WWQMTS7;O3'N4B5[S,(AH1JY6J0=M/@:@P8$
M


X*4= QTU(
M@DFC/9UF



M]H.0#-
X_PM02P



JH450V-JD3C23AM_0_!
M9A=02W(GQ5T:M+W;D'(5[LX$NQ]:E-!!R.VDHPTUQA!YQ;)9/C]R#JCYZ6
M..W?U#^YXDTQ!Z9@)_BOJM#EUD]]KX 3NW#]++K/


*1$$1O$J*!$/TCI*[X/IDK
M]2/3+
^DZ#S9OZV6V8\BV$1F


8EP@0@4B)Q#=ATQQA26JL'R(8!36LS)[
MT


M='


M!4QM)]G^?6W#LL1
MGW!%\Z9.3

OXB2DJE\]K4K5B[I93=TO/$OJ0-


]DG
MG]CUQTBEQGB/X;O=!:

;)MGFGTJ/4+N7#49!
MO/(NVM( RGN0/P6-$^9'WWXD(_<G]']6P?;.2*P(

-##\X90
M/X4MA*%T%@(;U.56*GJ09$!M084!E%@A3L'Q3C#5L!S4(JQ#PN.0
$1)#BU





M:&5E='



M)314/+ .6O7DQ'A#I3KR




WN36Z






MIX'_'(8'T& C@$D=;WTB5SEGYAF12[%*9]^!VS_S%YID:;TAXZ*=P]4[PR






M1&&ZRNG%
8U%NZ$HGA=-%=323QHQIK&+_X/'.'R!6EQX^/*UQ01G6*(
2\^P


ML\88;ERK*
3O;OB!9J






JR;
F6F+=L
M^USU*N05RMHJ;_]^;4&&O+*X+[2]G'O.O;WM;=)P\2IS .6]E:R2&S]7JEXC

M\.2U+*GXO0/&FXV/_;OAI;CDRAA0FM3T M] ?:_W0J]0SW(J2JADP2M/P'GC
M;_$ZP\0X6
2/ AHYF'LFE0/GKV;Q^;3Q Q
1


&#-
.HY?':G?
M:QK'X?S._M$FKY
Y4 D99S^+D\HW?NQ[)SC3*U
OO/D$74)SW^NR_P(W8!IN

*1 VHC


TL40CV1:T'*0#(EF


=*GGHNW4[4+Q
MNGN%4/\4IG\ 4$L#!!0    ( &$T5TK@_
$#;@







%)-3YA83P\;((

*PZQ-\6Q_3P


M\!!E5& N1#3%


M8^P8;6F&B8*;S7NNRWUS;%%Y&W

MC+4F;S;Z.V.L=F


MV\\VA+'6D=H_V+Z^Y]QSC'W3D8MGV0 H[X713F9^HU1_0$@6#3 B[W@/G=ZI


MC)4SY\]F\;7
_
 H @J%

F4AX


MFC@9DO=8=27=LKIWEMD[&)(;?Q4'[KL;?


3(R+GAM;)55VXZ;



M:H5&EGU50R





/[A=1H/
M&$(K0V@8@BF#Y\=VALC*$-W'X
71S5'VH
B &@


?N32E^+@*+P6<_[G9_F%.

ETFUK









M^HE/AV$^3;9/E9.


M@F5G
QI!-H5!1D/(KJ%PS0@
P;:(-(?LA#7S01PM!2$= @PC4@KL$$D6'$
M;:%H$H$D$2P^:!)AHE DP@4B3 Z!Y=@DG@#/(XC6\(TC4 =S&#Y.  :- BF
M%$T3!1!X\._5WTHFL=^:-F\0)
&$14KL/B@28-X2LTT1$! 9-2\!I
BEF 4

M'T@=1


%:8Z0Y
B6+\T'3CF)D.8#J9/(V-MHGD2!G^ 89V_0
MD!6BVK?-;NULY*E435LS&+TTU/?0-'2C\:5NM+NV^-U-UZ7_2*M]5M;.DU2Z

$


MJZS-/R?55+DVC\W9;Z^-S(^]457Z/ ABO\J+VMVN^['79KM6-UT6M7QMG/96
M57GS[TZ6ZKYQF?LQ\*4X7W0WX&_7U_PL_Y3ZZ_6U
4_^P\NQJ&3=%JIV&GG:

M_S/+TYK1]RUC?+7VWSM/(V@W@/@4]$#XQOUC#H[FV''+G
\GR&Q$2![&[(2
MF$0( PU[^W 6:!A@#P)Z$+T',?? R%(-H*@'U0,H%&0],P 2@2 ! Q?O)D9

;6+$\AH]D$0&E$




*
 V$4



R\


3(U+GAM;&U4VXZ;
!#]




2I
AZVL!W
#_ZL[(1

M!
T(8NEGC61-XY3\5[Z/']8)MJLFMYY@N]2/DL



M+W-H965T
3(V+GAM;)68[6Z;
!2&;P5Q 8%C&P-5$FE)-6W2)E6;MOVFB9.@



0X? C]T?5FF]


DP0 P3YP:#=K)&* DM-# /$$$ T[%F]ZF
K(+-T
M)09JXC8?&#/&)[Q%A@%B$*!1Q6-5R&)+($P9S[218'*VD891I$A%*6E;S#,
M& NGSQFC('N


^HX%YT

MH\'EE)(Q&ART'[ ;'JNL''/


MD*E=W=R&YK[LSL#=H-;'_GSO7?[)L/P/4$L#!!0    ( &$T5TH4'3BP^P(



MO
M&OZ\C_\T




\1@H$!Y0B&4!^7&Z-R8RRU*7 3FV[HPG%+4\)EA00S#8Q4Q\ )1F
/'A!<I




/4$L#!!0    ( &$T

]OZI]
\BJ9 Q9DR^BO\BB+







ML[

M



M_1O-3@@&0C 2_.130C@0P@]]DA&@B104!]*;HW.RQPGC':.:Q_NBU6+Y&_






$%     @ 83172C]Z5U&3





MHF85H5FHW4_-I#7;?M/V2#U[62 TP8EW

L$S#*!
MLHPHG8(

M!]CE2X2?
1!N4A0\9& PD(S1H




2NGLN-('I3W.#IPKIHOT7[2Q)WTEZ@8Y

=

2YX;6R5F=M2XS@0AE\EE7O&

OOW*C@EQZV_&N8%8_KJE[I9^R?;I





YUD#U!FIO




7NG.A#UW$I(+7.\9VS&87K
X


6:)@5R%EA0KJ;(/"^81E8#K T$QF=GP!+3*(R7.8$
MESD!\S
C.9B'4!I3H4G Y!0!E@
LR0P5'.1





[ 7TJ19P6].2P@.Y\


MR
X!Y*-GUI5FA%$#890Q%49

;-+

BYX;6R56&UO
MFS 0_BN([RE^ 0-1$JEYF39IDZI.VS[3Q$E0 6?@)-V_GP&7@GU$:3\T8)Z[





7@W(,) ,@\@8Y5G:H B9I68V86RAUC8JC .SN0!7
ME+*1&H=@6N$]W1':<10(129I =TT0; &5TT8!Z!S.(.84]Q*'^!-GR-8
MA] ]]=.H0?]AA&.S?B .^SUA&W(:T49\S[G1J'ZL(*06(QLU\7$<C! A?01
MDSO.SDJC^J$HC6.3D(T*_+%MQ[F8GK7IE%HTQ@V8$P:V\W(.[&WL)BC@$U





RYX;6R55=%NFS 4


MOOF5\1=1$2*]UX:V8N574G9+ $19D0:+1]:15GTY





9'=YOL)DC


W893I^%T;CA






3

CR1.


MWU4*:D'0UP
EE\R13XG[M:1)-NWMY9)NRH#$J@JKK-19J
+Q
)-G(ZLVVR$L
M]C0=:)4V7HR6M5_^J*LUUZ.G

XU


MA-NM%
;@MJ@@IQ4L([[.

UC=J4!SU!((_+&/NP4*@9?.$H5@:6.0!Z!G# +,F/\





3
U+GAM;(54ZVZ;


MF?NM4OT6(5FV0+&\XSTP?5)S0;'2IFB0[ 7@RI(H05$0I(CBCOE%9GU'461\

M!-2Y_QAN#XG!6\#O#D:YV'NFDA/G+\;X5N5^8!( J4RE@O9]@#(49(I_$Z

]=S[WE3\=S@#

O/


9\ X';AXDS6

H'OH'[T)Z$K/*N4
M30N=;'CG:@.Z /9Y['!6\#/!@:YF'LFR9GS-U-\*0_(-X: 0:&
 M7##7)@

B;




MO?;4@FZ/('X&TL)T


M([U4D)?$2^736!84(3S(DD(2+Y85A5@K\*0)N

M23
 L^C'=**U


M/L7HA70CP:++!%WV)


71$)DK+H5





M#AS&%&:&XF
RQLQ0J)R3VV6*EG/14\T59I!W# A'X&;JVI,SI@;I4W7Q$7



M


M$A95DC%$!5HL@VEN$


M0U:6V;9Y[^0YRTI7!1]_J3;7JTN?3C\V[KFLO]:[+C^^M73\46;[]HVLZ/1:






MX37@5PEG/N@[*I

/^

A?:-.$P!"GB#GOD<(#2&\$O!= C8$_%E


/)G0DU/QS.D'C3 GA2
M &L!/%QMS[-VML/$&M-TF
3:M=4$9A9:V:['(!QCWUK8













MZI\)Z[U @D^+;:X2H]0+0(8*D8 NU-6/0%4GU:9S
!A-IHG5+B &:ILP5


IV$




1--SPZ

$%     @ 83172E)4\&K4!0





94)0MMXME+%W


N+&-!XYC*'12@'0B3A)).N.XP3!NZ!T/ \X7.9%H
M3U;7QWOQB5C.B6







M\. 06W*--:0*





$
M%     @ 83172D7+;U6G P  .Q

MON:R%

MF?EGI_(TTN8RWWO%
9?1M@I*$X_[_MA+HSASE_.J[2E?SM5))W$FGW*G.*5I

]O*'U#^/3[FY\MHLVSB561&KS
GE;N$^

D




[(R!+


$5+?8WJ

ML_38ZA
M^F
'9?=8*






M=#$T




)V)@PG.1
MDS[


M!XD!**^IY\'
YXCZ6A(Q
&.YR\D+YBSW280#*
%4F#T?Y44(SU68/@ SVFAB


K+C#I17J9E.&$ 3 QZ
M1:PZ$C-;(F9KRH(3'CS'A$O


M$BF )GR5Q*R5.19;8M;*%)-=0I0)/:4$-IM1CDAB!9!( 0S!6HE9*W.LML*L



..
HF8

M#0HF$873 Q6 (,4P!*VTQ %[QP[;C!K35+-V\1&&Q1, (HNF!BL  8I@6V






4TXY0


.8R+
M


.KH2/.KSD!EY&-X
P8IX.%IRX&21Z/$$0S!-Z
)Z6Q3=#


V/;='ZY

]?<22*

KN3 V*L^?#MN_4 ; @*5U Q8+5?8 R&:
M2-GX,W#ZHZ1.G.YO[%],[:J6 Q:P9^1W<Y3UUE_YWA%.^$+D,^N_PE!/ZGM#
M\=_AD3!M1.E43$BS*]7781D=&!15BA^LVO3FK4?^&]I[H1H2(C&A##[;T(\
M)

MM)(MK*RSF9%LH?$I#8)@YL2!2J:H.R^YTTON:
NDL=9-OFA+E.;Q[+;N':C5
M.DMF;M#DA5#@9S-

M!R;5^S6O[

%C1.-W+?U!+ P04

=LRPN_RY%



GT=[)5A[D[=IVMV
7'5#W)\Q?1%A2Z3EO]-W$2J8;7
6MJ =$EJ$-XVGT7@U,%=V8TW6 ]2V$X[ 817<V//K*BPY
M!M!#8#P$UQYZ::YN02.:]$KY&'.520@S6\SH=R&Q'T$-VQ&R/H881V@_=V


M=#$T-2YX;6R55MN.FS 0_17$!RSXPFV51
I%52NU4K15M\].XB1H 5/;2;9_


CWVNJ_\S
O#-QF8F)L
2#0/]+HV!
M#@A!4XKS9L4TFTVDN'BR^;PULZL(/5/C_M9..K/=.V./


PU$B





M*6\CM-DBW4:V%T)SDV3X9+P]FL-0-RCX7MO'Q#S+YD30#+2HV]-.T!VY9O\
M4$L#!!0    ( &$T5TH%K^0'CP

M:&5E=#$T-BYX;6R55VUOHS@0_BN('[ P8_-6)9&:M*==:4^J]G1WGVGB)*B


MH20




P#XA1J#U#/P&.:X)5!Y;7_MQ
M LWEF4\\1Q?H&\'(*X'CIZC;2F(?U
7FB]0G937@@4QMP^



M0O'9W]1*9JU&8WH#J;GZX.M/+=J^RSV6M?N39MI36_T?TF$//W++Y[8#&Q

2S1KZ#&UO?/LCM4;1\\2Z5;*M/X[*540F\Y_J*/T5%WV]=!




M& C)G0A2DJIJI5:*KNKUV2&;@

[AK735L@W
M50!H[[WBM5KXA=;-
R$J+Z!B:B(:J






3PCXA
M'!*
]O\2HCXA^DA(G/FN
F?U$]


M]/A:(\898I0A=@S1%4



M99@]X'6.

M

$%     @ 83172B!*$
@^ @  Y@8  !H

MB(U?2MFN$1)%341#ZR%1CTY,UX3J;;\@D3+@9P,J:8H#(($U:1J_#PSL0//
M,W:5M&K@P#UQK6O_VV!LF[C+_Q[X*FZE%('4)ZUY *_0#ZW!ZYV:%0Y534T


H:*W
M?(&C589N6FD ;7M0. 6-*3DQQRA*\<VG-'#]PEV<T1D0?9SR J[343.0B/#
MCZ8FTL M@)TV C@=YW@=6I'I084&- 7^*E5:P#D\16M2[
!VYCI]O8Y79A






M4.5%[6]6_=A+LUFIFRZ+6KXT7GNKJKSY[UF6ZK[VF?\^\+4X7W0W$&Q6U_PL


MBJ.^K/W


M(!AJ[R=SE^M\LVK4W6N&_7#-NVW'EK%9KD
WV*]._YN9S]:
OFU8%$6KX*WS
M-(JV@XC/19
B


MLW#

9@)


S4&4AW9NC:+[.




6:H@ REW (JD MR

 8%1CE%Q !=))P'O+@IP$[**O@+MD2I
M7:5A* L(90HOH *EV2(N'

M0&32H+


M
L1C8


MLN&M(Z!
W:?-[A@:O 6\--#+V=TQE9PY?S7&MR)U/9
04
B542#ZN

MO\
5J(:;3'2

M!.\$_D!CP2\(*A%-N;(U$D2P3O'3'\NQTQ0[398=W]W#AML^TWW1ZIO==L

:?DIAK\68^_?T?V/ 0[WB& !.=Y#MG@]B6UT
#R

3_9=9E@@/XBH
MFE8Z9Z[T*-N!*SE7H)/T'G26M=Y9DT&A5.8:Z[L87NY@*-Z-2PE-FS'[!U!+





M!(OX6?%+?]6/3C/0KR8P9?=(@9&$:_Y5AD33#=GON9U;2QI';]'H_'DTQO
M^V_6/]G@=3#/K.=K4?^J=NJXB/

M'UM1]_8;;4^]$LUH14MIV.O05JUM+\
?FHVT


BT1(F'2BD8X4\.G(
MI$C#


-:
Z HYD&

M =S]4P26(DU=R1L?!G-4.!Y+'U6@]

M!#A/G1R4 5R!
[+H9P8!DIT
M8ZF43/7:\B]02P,$%     @ 83172E=;I17& @  BPH  !H   !X;]W;W)K

34R+GAM;)56[6Z;


)$GQI3W6I6U7/@GI9K[

MRZ3S^-V3^H-F&SA^?F/_9
QK




9FLD
MRX3@#!#B;2+\P





MI7[FW932#HF4+@&+0A/RB\Y0EN.(MS0P_L$ART&)!RTDCNPE@+11H/EB;
M2(!=(+(*1%H@NN]48'1J L4:U&L02@! 1KE;5.'




M*=#V(


$%     @ 83172L-YO_44 P  3@P  !H

M@%2HJE9JI56KMM=9

[^8YJ4]:&VC



L74A6,LTF,91.*F## !
M_KQB*CDUM0*E$1A-ZM&(L Y1&?-H,!601J)TDB
1GDT


/7%I

M*5.--X#?#1G$8NWI2@Z

MN%S?U+^:VE4M!RS(GM$_S5'66S_SO2
YX0N5+VSX1J9Z8M^;BO]!KH0JN':B

G/UJHN0K)U4E)46OX_WIC/W8=*_T=P$.!'@3 B33PG11(@^.A3 IH(

@R\%5*TV@
MW0B2]
 $I^S@%=.79P18?W?9K1&1!RC7D$;E-1,Y(\./EB;2RV G +(
M*#[3CU:G1I!B0%U!I3UIVC8%A8('*-0AEBVQW?F.GW]CA-PPLOR
H7J0)
M49:YTR3.-(DK36BE259IOJ#$ NT=H##*+

MA&F
+
MKT.JXRS7F[KA'OV#QO;:$G\TL%%[%+IW4;_TB.H_;)ZB_=RN^4V-X
MG)H?
N




GR2P-)F!+PT!HP\)
M@24$]Q)2PCO)426$/TG?.PAMH2X%\%K!LN
_HI(


MM!ZXCAK,9[RW!K'H'%L!()NE 16$%PB$786T9[@!Q094&1!.?=_O6;X+




C1_J^G$ZF6QO'HIUOOU0/A:;^,M=6:WS.GZM[B?;QZK(;UNC]6H






FJ0ZZW$%P #G
^LPU9[S&/C/CC-X3D^CG
MWED0G;T$9@_]'CYQPAK;9_[@C.D3GSF!I*
VSH$DZ!A:!21K/@N=6H^.I/@7 ?
6%8GTE81%WTBGUQS3H Q:TMQ7
M@=/&*9KZ

#QG*4V[E*;=LRK4BLS3;
?:@)S ^
M(U
^YU3TFS2UX)!6J+SLLI-==CQ+R:J=.=Z-4=X1;Y@#JCD18P\
$E]#.3

_!:PS.)!HO?\]K+?7D@0NK=X/O4FT(2=

)T\&1Y%^(K86#':?G=E/2

[JL3VZ\6]E^RIB\$QBLJ(QUT
M&)8
:&8+T DZ12
L4-XEQI788[2PR3#MNQ H861\ SF)!5E&%5+D0MP?Z? $
MSBGPJ86;V)(TWY-X\E\(E#!OML @G-T@!P+N@.(%#H;6KZ$CN7YEN7TXG-


M&/!P#(@VBP&&L 6@)+'& UB1T!
ZA /N







MU(+6%A3V
M0.$M8C-&1.^0 !QT-D*GC=#PHUL;F5LA<BI$1H'T%-(4#^JPF,1@:EM'FF4
M9(-J'+B


^QK-1_
U

M\YLY[,#Q9NVJP?=3XOE7U!+ P04     !A-%=*&W3VT



#QT_-V_KJNZ(9M-=


Y GFN@.@-UKH'N#/2Y+

'%$//=Q_ A



H!@3%!J%
U/Y!!
MA6;2*?$[!*8%(P[3]QC
QN8




2 
$)_!8^QG+6
:NZ*(

%X@D0:4@=+3)':8@9)I*JA3
M8@L,9RN,NLJ(X31$D(D!O2(^GH$_?WTT$E %BB_A



M96Q:Y)N=U+5)5L=&:EZK^E79]Z*]SFT;5;[KKJJCXWWY[']02P
$%     @

EQ 6P%]$SNSP2L%; /
M0?I(&@%05\!;P6\KTT M%7(%N![M0K4#U7:6P%81]
Q#_[IS_(1&?2QYF

M\&=F9C/!
_'5)AA(-







YOBA%AVVQ2C
XV@D ,W12*#P19]T
M2Q12P& 4@OYBD 30!H, L\48]9NWO,*-59BQ8.H3U<=8#+*,Q2 *?[*AD:Q

Y+9RWK#0[G7HS


M







W.

Q2G


MLZO4
GL308@2.RT;&:4@LP_+V@9F8'@(!CEFSAPS5T5&+Z@\LY20ZWD





?U+UJ]T)/4(CR[&J:2


$3OLW]B^V


+4*^^^TJ&@R'6&ZK_3*V4:;C+1&@?.I/UU




M9613=')I;F=S+GAM;.R]:7/CV)4@^GGX*Q!^Z6EE!
3B3JGL=H1RJ7:VLRIS
M2F57=$S

N
749_OGT37;QX^?MOZC_\_AM\B5\<3Z+OB[Q^

OJU)



MO'C
H]LTJ8H\W43OJNJ0ELT7_BUM 4Z7*ZOY



.:WK9^3ZH&(




W
M)7F[[=[..H(_B/[KP[[_39K




XWT;)&JCS84LW99

M_

W!##B4]@C=T6^3WEW!E
M=@#152V$8)_A5%N@[&E4 .FZ)S#W4X1]\M0%-=X=G%IY@!/;^K4=OR!''GP?
MK+:U11[GEVR)EWP
C!^+JKXLTSHK4T2G;_;X.=WMM\4320Y'!G^3WJ6P1;A2

-Z*+8;8)S_\_^[FHR7OR/J4C^UT8197(5O1/3LY'?1
MB^%H#%_1S0
B& &+.*1




MI_0#H&( 


M

M0*6J2@'8




D (T0FZ'S=L
I5FJ=W68VWGS$++KX=;9^00MR6*].2_ NP

M1);4['-WE6_

V=;G7T3?]*B@
M@1!I1]/!^@7'8RM$



JT

JRSP6V3M.-
MK+!6]:S =98=^:]5-WXP;C3=8J]F!1@P%FOGHE+=UD.5.($+H4242RZ.+[D
MC2AJ-PF%VAX12W2U1TNNV2[M6+R2FY9\/#M$ /.3-RE3 )--B-]E!JK-*


)_V:;PR)*XL#$BQ@LAM U?K!JP_W



M&%V0&R\EX1JX%+J3)Z/?/:;TQ_AWL7Y3'


M_CG/'&940SCI-)(5LBQ5

M\.
?DS5H1&L@(Z6.\$/Z.=G(VZ^+;5$FFX)WTMJHGAV -T_6GX =?D*JL:+(
M:F9NQ7:+:P?&B@:MZB';[U%8 'T4&$PJ?!A8S7^D.6FBA-[ &4LTA6]C@!A@
M$+MKX@@4RPTY2XEY%Y=[FA24
1[C KS8FA-R1/M]6P10H.NQT&H@*X

0&AG= ![]C3@R@

M@A






M8LP3

MP61 Y


MY+U-E?LB@GLYS$F]*


M8B\5_6N2'U#?$-\S:#Y5]&(Y7$0[)B]



MQFAQ)HCY8-O]R!'B*5)PQLYE_!?TC(94J2LY:QU]




B)8LZYK9Q5QF=88,LN!1^YTX!9(+:VVX%EJS%
M7%$JDFA8RI%%DL-X<2LQ@&;QBXGOM+ZABQ!8/BA01-'
UCR-Q8J
_C=#4

5F'SCI@E;#7%Y




=CDNE1W\
M+
;ISIT1B=+-$/
.%0.S,@L;(1.3D62]HRZ^M%V%BOA5-*T0A7HMZ=XW*'
WR<Y1AM?;PXI\ @=08G-8F7M;9'J=XKY

=V6+\AX]%LVZ'@!
MLD5#5H9V1[0R(_)E%ULA@P=XZOAU6^Y=,#5\/JW,=_FM3T4NM,QX@
\A7R

M!R$H



I!!?;$ X/.7]-U-(_#G@-D!6=


MPN487'2O

M10P

MS]8/= 8'S;O .*O



;[2 D(=!\%



GAJ\+QX'?P2<'KAFH/Q:# ;#7KJ

M.U[*OMMXYRF6K*:' AS19^(^A:97+NR:H6DW@M&GBV53HH-OER#O-6Q!XV4\


Z.PVY+]1IZ+Y;&EV3=(2599TTN
M#2H(LK'^L9*LJ







3$AF!16.F%+YC([=)(8552<IH83F/%<3Q?9 2\<2H:D6=
M,O4]<)*[2

MIV9\@W@'H0S

M







MJ;!_W!I 0^0\NE_H0


SD19V%^&WEU(A2#J :'
/L?-M

87\^

ME; 65+^


M?V6A

:OLD2

M]M+I%*![LD[!G%OL PFPIB=:3.5MO!RCCB5;Q'ZE+JT0\LV\-(7D%K:TM?XN




_(PWR2C

1[O#3*C FLW N*F6M.1JBNZ

8
C/3#*][X=1


MA1#DNUITV5DI*D.R:
6^H8:-KRD=






MB6/=
75S8
[_FDY]L%

^N[4AR%)]M=D8L*ASHJ5;^9 G+/%9N6XYPIR)G%.





EKS3+50CHR2
.VH
MTG$V9AQ&%4W=\'JV9%QP/X5_QQHY54WYU#!D;

M0EK@-O[:C+2;CC2Z\S=A*



M
[R5-CF/^](+EJ8GTZMA\




VC6B1)VY








CL/U

M]RI]*K2\EYA9R0Q]SJ)6O:ANK:]7)ZRO?P%&3I!RLNQ;[*+AJ\#AX.6^**6M
^SO_/P+ :2<3ZFEJ3!6#?7
7WQ%CDY?C?
MO7&4PC0]D?6MS/*[:

#:KKM27BUR)8Y:9
M
=:IZW)(M@NN7L-=!W4Q*N/B
:Z#@^#O/2HVI-6KF%KP^B/!@NM_Q$2NTV
M;.*1

!C






&V

M6!B4RX1QL_B-SPBV9EI#8UP%#P\V1=JI@%.8H=:_C]-_4??O]-E?WA]_C_


LKD
M&O]-+


.[TXXTZ+&N_856'$NYR
M&=P%SNF6-M0:#NL.-7&\S:^'X:,34]J!)/=JTKD:C@/S@=QB HFK_^JRZ.U*
M[5SYUUQX.F:A6UG=OMPW%=$RJA6!NR'R10J?65M,D#@G7L@';X4%) VZS[[
M6XTJK

 V5##BX^






)9VK FFI!1
F





M81



M4E[0OQZV3SV2APF+(\E2KFB


M&\V93[W&S-@%Q*]2K$/3Q


M0 %!C.E22!1$))5&'*6X&%%ON%#HVQZ58/,32)NQ@&G
; Y9^JZ..K6RZ0
M&N

D<
M2Q
/-@KG[JXT-4(LL5Q24L5/'.TD4;^
2 =-\C\?4#*DVOX'#7J6M;07#D
M<*Z@/[\! D HHU0'$T_\O')%


MAFY)+!;3B4$*83';XI'ID^L#RUG1F#]




MM: .;9B'T!C&%C.BI!Y
6$3I6AK?8187D5@


Z&YB.S
MIRV.


MQ'+E;EU'(D:.#A&&DT(?T=T/7'ZC@D?0




7Z<_]MCW#-84E-);=J^493<NB!C$W6=B+1U+H5W.RN+3P[)??19-M)=$4S




_8-* & #2KF1 T@!G4RM






MX







M4C6XD^.DK+'



\RR]G<UTK?6:6T:KB.
M+G-#BDQUD+-CU:.^AG[UM2_0\LL( GTVZ,Q+ 0V''56F-G6:NKNBMT4(CW*

^3Z;,E]CX%?-SZZ?#2)6Y0\R
M]:((!6/!/PD[=

:^2SP'.GM[!6E
M/G7FHTZL\QV=JZ'M+.*K6;/3U'4\6EXW=9U9/%Y
L3B3YJHK




M2TGVJBQEX(IM7/%?T_9P)M

M6K1PR9;#PU4NQ2!F6Q)VN5UZ=!E:2M4DK8VE$G


T4:/:DSIF
M%&KPKI80Z








M-6!&T+5G(\*(43P?6]1XSN3S^6 &Q&@QGS1F;*



/]-L.]DZ[Q




M=3Y?#DR9VTN'AEC'WKQT




-#([V=M*-1:P]MYJ

8V.!KK?I!GBX



L#
M7[O,YW4=J8*CD^L=YGO!2%Q))(O!S_YC=0D0@N#/H? B*W('-&+\=PP%#
1


C.)W\&9)40MG-U@]=A;4YV@?4
M





MN9-@,I183^7_+[&A$U.%Y5.FU%2&??YI;8&)_IP$IM4E84HDG%'*B8%M6D
ZVQB 
?%ZXGQYCGHH_#A!.

M:%#A
Z




_13M+M2?^&U+9-380\S])XI$SBC(NU%6J$G9;!Z+
MVE*0CBFS1W'AR0=S6L%!DXGFXU[W 90)2!PNJH/#?4-H6X2)45SF_FX(JF(

:UG%EM(;@J^4N\+.;S(5X/QV



!M_!I=ONVH@L@@1_!]G98/WT
METG/X]GH)(7G_'^_HU$Z-ES1&B X3GR,QWO/TIVQLD#P7EJ(M^/\X=*/*?

MQ.-1/!E-OU8D'F
0RG1N96+L



M;BP
0P'2F!4HH]N&\)DV;GKT'EBILZGIB+;:






8EG





1]D_D;R''-


53/CO\KHADGJ6=AXB4^-!X1J73Q8*
?0A4Q+%5'('\Z4TAZ_6&^WSC
M0:E83^O4/I_2)C6UP-0N6





MP(ZN!KA%\B)I2JD0*P6!Z;_G[0M4U+PQ'4^K#IPAVHYHDE0W-J1R?R #3=




M[8L*NV//3$8.Y+P.G@T4((O


MBZ$DB#D@+W]U0L
-FKA$![!:3HL0Y\J_4*&P
KIX#\!Y&1GO


^.N
M\P%\)&


@SXILEV1+


M^?TZOAJ+_H!JT_68# B^&LSD*AY32[O9
EYJX3^NV?@K /#/N2_+Z#M3W:6I


MK.Z)=5K5OS2$:3S!&*83$X

2*0.E&3=?&NWMF

J+FRYT!C)1I6OR+#
W=[&2@]EP=/5;E\L^






B.*3I



MV&

T@D






M
$@?!;1
VO_QXXS










$%1OB1O%H7R?=
M9LA0JABM)]:7#YWN6J*C%K$GHZY8N;DN*3)T8-C//-8!E]IUZQ1MFB;UBA




Y




._

.5D%PN2-P2NQLQEX%4U/C-MTDX9O\-S(2A\9=3
\2@<PW55'IT8&A
?-_U


M7$N!-]]0(+6O7I6PT6\T1!E0+\7;0UELT*19-AX;XV-- 2JH'N^
VU08N$']

A%J3G6:
M:]732!71LB='Y#*@BA[V*U*?3CQ)9F0WNCIV!T.HQ\-<^T:71T@%'=+9$WJ
MJV.MN]UAY\4#?




)/ %MUV
E ]\[
\
YT)8J?J


M:

M
$FA!25KN9AS


M=ZF(7I(03+RENZ;=D::
L%BNX'K6H5)OB7#AQXJ
 #UW!9[G\?QZ1C7PN-K(
M\2HC\MHDGL]\H9&N@A_C90Q\:+8SK3@AZN!)S_!7_%R2?^.KJAYG^AHVR(



M $!CY(5YTN-*U^[J(A@4*
(G]BP:CY9KL(
HRS';9'&4@$T
M#Y@!U N6/H.

M


M9%JJRCZWD4YYY+;A9,L_W8],I6CV@%SC7%?4!FZZ?*XAL0.I&'=9N
=
X4
MP


\$%=)+^
MY -


\O#A
PG
87ZE=
5]ECNZ9B]L-$


M3NZLX$4$.Z$




P


M- ?;)+A$)OL#
=KD[7/;(

-WT1&2QM0E
MX#NQMX

M4]
8)((






M%8'4?!7%[SKOSN.;:T9U8M3








MEM;F'&3VL*/39RUIWC+GFG=5(ZZB-G4%O$6/HQ.=/?(J#%C2FD\&'E_W?5']
M1ON-*FCWS.5
8L




(DT

CAU

MQ^)[$@



?'3?.00-SN1X \\=.

72

RROA;-61P#;J =EUCA)$5


B
[13J:

MFR?); X#(*TWS29)#B




MMR8Q548 8U['GK%.2S#WQ*JF@.D9=B?Q_9X84,!J#Z(4CTJ*1;UPZ!ECCSN
MLDZ&4GT&D7H@(\ M'@UO

0.-J&H//

]5$5W9ZG'[HL





MK!AUFO@Z!AL_YZ

/TB2

#MV
MECDJEP(<75:KD$_22VEO37S]U3WEN3ZLG%@LVH+$$<ISM84MQG-??;[VU<N
)/G36Q'!]LL;9#Z^)%D*%
M;_:WMQ+A'G'6]C:TFSP EXI*3!






M525H=*$]28
:G!_N W?MI'\L5+LGR 3@=HL]&W'$3BFWEP*_D@Q=-CLJ9^R7

MJ+;:^[?(H
D8L*H03E^:(52N#^7V&NZ'^6AWTT.4]F]Z4_R8%OBQH(_T;8X?


MQ31O_53T9@@+CF)!]

MVR-Z@P

6=;?@Y.R&?9(T ?*TT EB6D\\
E,QN26LU+BL=$8\Z?:?DVG6KE\38FAO!^MF<=%\RT-=

Q(B!\@KSKIE2?RM./


MIC+
CBBD.P\S40RG@?^91)_]VN P1W9-S
H2Y] .L^;7(@J:/3FP$Q2W'YAW


M2AD7C/*M:;+8;:6YV$P]@H*%9PJ/P =_Z*2(&N9:6AFFM$42I+I@)I#!W)/?



O^R7[*\@5A]K+#_2F*(YG][: =K@UF2!?6O#?RE%CJ?[2S2Y[* F




 ZS4??.*:.84:N
M%AZ+[[Y?QKLCX=
C3VM
F5WJX [_H$1$KT=?'^[0Q$[Z%QA;5DH\
X:@Y=CAE=

MDTLWB5)MYP76EC?H -$PXRCMV%'9(I8C3%*-5\?8GWFFPQL3)*]%Y7$)7(UL

MF[A\UY



MD6SM]\YHCRH/_J^8)87'D!)J90NSVUU&J0V

MA_X



M##

D

5M'B$

MG


B*F'% ;
MCXJ

FR(6R[9M$[$ )D+:UZ?#A6UK4(DK4:Q




TA6?UKK6UM,H'W.Y<1G6=27<!


M\O&9'%

$/92S[/)T*-;SI:D]D.
M5B2ZR'%J$W613/
1'L01


R#?7XK#QQ:G*$2C3[7C8RDK37@:\
M9#K'N-QY
IGETN3!52


MB.K

M)R\HQM]8%5'^

GE@W\1=4
MR-1ESH 5\(8]G4^Y9AY- K^!STR*
3.#
4(CU% V5ZHNP1*(\B:\('%CFL

!?GF20%SL6-FBV@'@JK
Z!]_
MH
W$J :Z![1#$^*FH'4HO6EXG89JL8M'WR*

E

=%MQQEDS?X.D\$:6JN5KSPJT\.*P7U@/\ EJ'TR




M9 VCLFVD.?)+$6;6'SC\6WE@AW8:7)QB_GN7,A-G#2.U]&X\*$X'STK/2F



M63*=C)C\5MUGXD1K$46_C7U\8-)_
O$ULOC!)VGJ:X4E!H(*RX1=A'S-%E;4



SK3/D4Z
MZIK:4YW84YW6TP.3LK-!]#WXYQ$=8
F?PW'<ZUV;AF;60;3
MK!FG
S\(O2)XF9I3O5TZK%[M(*N=A]TMP';C& 6O][#_S
P5\Q9*2;DXB3C
MP%QI1&)0]U)_ 
@%R/6;-M).:2HG.Q=SXY%]-38$1%IKPNX1L6WH87VB)




#U
GB

M8$6'4XT@H6H91&

AK
MI


;?O(S=(M_V?AJ^'\I.P=^]V8S
Y;%M5+XF.\ZZ%(P*_U;:


P_%;\G785?#NI3=
9* $@_ ?_?E=_9E4


 KM6A;N3.T[4SU'W83

YL7I W4#'B?9

M&#8X\.(UGY]C[PWF4_5]B$5H2F *Q2S)9P1R53F;7E?RY2++J9,= BL_QQ

M7Y_(H2=)

TNBOHQPZ2^&9+/[S
M= X]2^:3L?[S.W+H
5PELR\8J!OPE'(GOY)#P\NCR1=S:& H?PR'GB?3V?@7
M\-I!3EZMK^*WZ2SWW+: W1I1[-PLP2()THQWE^9YCC



M9P/:O'ID

-9)L;1UDBH
M



M##S)RQJO(+(-8I AEY'TJ4]:I



C#FPH-T8BKN8;Q
M-@07B1'=Z]PW@?QU+F0;WQ]A!DD+0

MT;AY6MX

7;CWM 1WR;
*U$]&


M54ZY^=%PWDNA8Y8RTQ$.@O^/;;YR(D7BI!T4&\?\=EDF&_M61ZGOI9
LI'


N[^IQV[ X

D4H  7SC$ 3 9[ !T@NV9RJ Z5T[3R1

%[+I5V6:1X%.3

IBIT4R+N:]OR@_EH!H8=SC43(#

]T\F4ZP
MQEN6BI9!DF.6
3YJ^E?:3&3W\-NLF
'@G.#U9#P;CD.9);.)8+@P)
[^N!GV


M8C+?8#3)T1QEHG\UKMR 1H!1;R2B8-QE?549F=H?&JWG@$%4-Z(C:F 37'#7
M'&/U$%R*4:7UVAC]7
+O*56/H3^II0.2'QYUKI=

M._





(MIJTD
;NIK
D(U;_,J?\MFH
MG:4*HC]EB ]F\YG_]6@ZVQ3.R\S/XM=*,?6A1OJI,W.TZ<W&:6\R'9^P%,?G
M^@59H^VQ?6W6:+NESJQ17N,S!A;-?TG*J+;TQ+3US)&





M#!:\B0-8.O;7V9K(
&Q]7 G^E46@1.:;TXYX[+S_8F=1=XW6W]@G=+%:A6;&



$YBW


M$)RPIYX?Z]KQWAB8@8!W!_/0QF LKP@.N?-7C(RZ
\



1)

M&=




4




M.Q/&GV$P?E@9K)W
*#2)BO-D


6*


M=

DJZ[CLJ
M1YS  <1*])@5R?(!+C5=,.]WR [-.V?UAJE]VJ]W(


MKH

M[.#_TBLR:#J=%=..T1/(+GHL4XS
GT[YVY'S@?Q%


Y)Q/S4Z 7/+NM









MPH4/
 $Y=PV?%Z(SN^-
=7O%X6+Q9%R6Y+8FPTU


M

VXN6=3G;*JRZ-M437P^HAZG$\(X0AD=/T^2'-B=

54X[M@P#


M7H!^[V77*Q2H!E)[


.9^3HUCR@3XEH[_$3MT
M=;
I$-C2C/BGQL8_U=F




MKV_5(M)UB+SY$@

80+P
M!B.!)N:X(W7%
2T@O3FWI7
Y'8VN#FNY\^4Y[+^N/U;H.$CZS2^?1YLVJM#:
MW$%PK16EZ3 


M#

MYU/+AW=Y

MI2J5-R=E3I(@_1H[H-D(WI2#L2#ZI9Z7]9(H5D0D)PGXL&!T.2PLL_'^T\9=
M0C$H'58L)QX$#Z[J@

MCL+]]W3+:FTB F6?S5H8HJ_+NX;CAN2Z::+[!M

MFH2C3)-I

M!H@.O5GO;MH63Z4X-&PV6
(
+MK1(%*RG508LD%
MK1I4%8HJERB'Q:JL;RG7_TH




MA&Y!@0\OP+HY% J'*RQHL_1&T.\6DX.
$;MS@)MM=PGOW4:.)*8I.@5- UQA

G(CUPK38D

BN71Z3TP

57M'HP_@/94
M[@<+5WU9X6A B%NNQ,Q U_/2&\LVR&P8&!!SE) PE+MK)%G$QO=KCF2C*F*H
M!G$[^]TBC!37T5!J,9^.Q.K_HSX:_B*8;.5SASO];&Q/@&R(@14M8HBF-

M9JV7M5Z6/G3*:#;E$D
X*J/AJ
R*Y_%TUH$D8YA'%(?WM\T]6HT2UYT4)671
MB0VT:ZS'QVA@HIJY FL$SL116E0336*^1
#GG--A/Y3FHZWBS:8TL D?4$0O



M+T(*N1';E@J=).ON:@E&E_ESNC


M8?_3







#
XEAG(0N%N5A21=/0Q;Q-% E*ZX[O1:!

YZ).-K'1=



MX8Q%FLH;$+


M8@)


MH[O1NCM4##Z=QI&Z_FNS_9@$*\0'%.3




P5XZ;QM&


M
!V[:2UH





3 B:




/)4J#!H]$*_H*5K$#_42[N:
M2+ZO-MMK5&I?ATO-L@4*N4$
WW




G#.YKE1T *AI
M*B4

')F]CHN(=
%U@SAN
CRSQ[;_O@1'HZ\-?

MGOMZ!PO!



FX2/T



MZ0&V



L)G/H M[-Q\B/9[*P

0R_T]K






%:YE/ R.?T
M&C*'K
 SA.R#9SB&LS0'21D1J$6.D4Y =L)I/D'Y*N4N&/4:612\[3J8((+=

Z 8P2;NAG95
O$%7)!ZWQ=K9:$A\$/XIZ!^J-#L:CB;:?PR

#



56ZXSB:AB^X.OK.+^7KW0JF&VC6<+8,.1XY:@SZQ=49R
M!T%%D(X.(8N!K02@4IP!FP5
MYS4=ZP9'W_Y7KYR
_]T*[-4C&#HI?](CLO

HT?R

MO2W5G[7&XCTL%0-%

IX$.*87EF






DOD]N[8E4VQ5BKSC$P5G.43]5!
MQ#C6@5B?^Y%HC8TC0VG1A#M\K$M]S2ZO

$1K%
X4$TV*Q$E;)?\2#

M0$=EE1Z4G[AUBAZ6S3^P%GBWG-3<H?<I)\7/T[QKNN8!$T27.VQ@X*
7NAX
MC4JYV.7Q
=]56 &%\#OUV5/*H3 QF](CM-^NB5
!Z+G
T-04GR%^
_'0=%T0
M]8=64R(-R!QY\] 0

D



MA1FRQ[3_MVK%P-MHSQ:V..S_I#6&5+3O;KIANEE7]\='C0\$](OE)D!BJ:JG
M))A1T-?B9H
7SLWFOG]3/6TH9KDA55E


MC5KU8C$EH-M50A+)

)\9-D+*D&8B_-BK54=
MJ)R$)F!PM!&A2H84XTR.JLUW[+



KJO AY%X[0;6 )TAZ&72U DZU=M*JTCU]525


%@J2$:Q-L

R$36&[VE[NKO5&M2!)UACDI

_]%\WS68D:[J5P:X[XE6/$




MAU'2AX+&GKDR?G(M])Y[ GHIX9P_ Y^ISM]H(AN7[W[)XH.^9J//




MKI[8ON&%(-




M9VWGVR[^2!X5[P=^SDK8N[KY&#W;_WR[^K:Y*Q?5__MO=W(__-O1!B+1QAF5
MV




MU8B!6]4+\_F R^/7F!]US5E1Z




C8_;

MBF& #9&3N4$M^*W*9RW?GS


%
E7O




MPUDZ3;(L[=DK%D%[UQM=5


.\/@&5



M32)3(\8E%.9ZVW06
@GHO6TX;NH!_;2#4V'-%-
M0:

MQ:BW9F

M@QOM8
^: W5 9AV$E^4#&=_U;_;[HNG&F:8ILM1^4 ZGN*@1Z0\5*K [





F


.H
M!5_8V\Q*_OC^R8XHZA8Y$*86NH8VW7IQ!X?)=ZW;$V%&/VR-Z'TBZEQ;&(



W$\3;^HG\(S@+9HFS;=C_)+ZUQ%?8\


M8#\3:V&?&7Y[+OA;N


X/7^_D<3EQV'_181NVOM 3%(; .UL/)LU([(-QKI X\QSFBTK'I)&
MH/\:!R4!Z[ZO?!4'-#VQ^$_6)F?#


D%L5##GQM5S8$OYNF9?T

N)
#
G2F(2%T64A/1%TQ


21SY42C.O4K/Y-M;QFB:[ZK
5ZMTY9QCIY



MD;Y9*KK;K^Z2_EUY1]]C6'RUVVY6U?Y64*M\F'SH!';0
N*[WF-!IFN)?=E+


W%AB;EV=KM*41:R=


Q;2XQW%\LBW?[

M Z&5YY*-X5ALKQ1#(GG48OU0L\?7 %8






5-DZ8'
M8P_''


M ^8Q+N%4?




B4*93$S8E67I)8H5OM4HGJ*:)M)EC

O

MI;97\X&0U
7.5
E:-8E IU8BDN%6E2PNIZP6@9Y1X@
B^TD)+\F
M:K'6%9%






MTJ(:3VDHQ@PLR1Q*$KU/MITG!WG6T%W-5J%?=C\$X



(0MRCCR:-]/9+Y%%J&*9Y1--7H#-



9-*Q_YBFS-M&2(L(X;RCL.TA!?
MH'I^W
07NE$Q\^\=S.L+R&21BGBQ%Z=N47 !@JNA=XKX
R-+DB-EM[TOY:

MVF)DX#7^U=W*8C[6)%V/@U.GPBW(+1J;1-S
^!X41L*7(-)W]V

4A#( 1*X6)TBQ!7B9LOI
MXH&K3U#_=MG5M! P16D0P'XHK=*R\_*M660(*R8?&X;U'(@+(*[^3O+2L;A

#&:,/FV@XOFAN&$5.!#=ZW=F
.

W
.$B-KDU'
MZ';Z&701*E6QV](EI

M!*V2VE6!RZ8ZTBU[Q^;J1D!GD#\:[/HVXSJUW2P6[+W*NS 1RS.&FIDN5;.A
M#!@/%87:=6R4J/DP9+E3N]$*2^J3AH3%UHX.5-6)5,4X('$J=FQP[;6\77


LDV
1/CQ)&* 6,^,8Y?\/' 8,-[?A0@.GZO.&!<S
M&+/'B;$*JPC#[DR6&Q\;RQ4AVW_^1C,.JZJ1C._&&GZ(U2S7TY4V]@!MZ6MO
MO;I;DZ5%<G7MV&YKU*5RF^/UQM'B?,-NUW&E&PM#&O$94758)1TC<U8@8RX


M#
JZ]1:ZT-[^_:UL;STO]G ^









@)OSQAA32-94X7!9WK!ZC; LW)

MH5WJ='XDC
-AZ^J/5?&%[8D@#W)IE7-=#-$


M]NW)HBT+%9$WVVU%0BN+ZDAXR$J TY*G]FRCXKV9LQ


\E42ZVQWPKBUHXU0PIS]?%6K
4:EP6





1(I^
MU\T& QL$!FNXKA:Z_F4/WQ%&E R2(7]M[C[HZ02&NNRFU$D2[N2@/I)J'ZQ2








MIP^^


M%GH9'-Y\



0^$B
.@Z7(M0Z.U



&OJI%-

JB:VJQB%YD89_
*9%@X&HTI:G;[RQ^05E0#!G!IF'

5RJIAAXI?H5%






MB2+?4'Z
Q]$@I:= 5DHFL(G!DI+ 6N-HF

_^0 :


]W
Z0547C6I'O@04#;_T@.&*'
M#;DSQA.=V5H-





4QJC
M%I'F]C%%C^]@[%TF[ZTD)
')L)WX& X\L*)]+7GTBZL$1%6A7L$T-L6KN39A



8_64XF^NVC&PW2 3ZB'E'_PE=*PP%E*XYK
MV\/?WAGFZ@^GET19RKZS4 OZY^J@JB.J_LO#TZ]7?]8_N(2%/8Z3K'XX]&/W
M)&2)^^]&0



(B1& OT6U/42'L4+Y27&]BM[35^IZ.EWA0W0=-V
M]3Y!]!2=O%ZE$Y\&I25&?!&!FS7@S,#UM[41VO ]N_6VN19347U4V!K^.U
7(L6RQ!3,P;&C^-409#:=9?B*##5]Q/]?APE$B]$'VSR

M7LE]Y)%OJEIJ7^:7BH-!(TXXCO(O7-T71=@K5&L8M8J*+:RN-E97^$)]=Q'C

!J.K'J1XPUMXCRT&\
:IV:J8EK6T


MK*6U+JC_HNOK!H2Q2-+TA-RI;1;:?E&M7=

MZX!BR#]0K-
)7 X]!CP](F:P7'.!)1D]9U-YW!IO9$OF9\86=3_9QY5N\??F





M!J&]_8$L=**:'N_AD1W.:;'G:ZL*;H@?JO)3C'FBNPN5WB4H);41MCEPYM:&
M-S@I;KU@^MKBLDZ!7BXBCOCUS$RQFR*L4  P375!@3Y+]CL$.IN-4BTJ?*





4X)SV
M\S^XN&2(&8J89_C3@'J$CQ



*STLGF) 1 S




MQ61
U98*#\!Z$_=^72!,&JG;O+$W0:5LQMW-!LS&BF51)BQ#*-0O
M[NU4

9!U6H^5)@

M^_(P%!\VY(BV2F
WE1D0W4)Z,Z+MJDZ%$^;R3=2']AX9[8FJ@=&.\!H/
M.&K*XEO2I34:R+)F!M^'%O('HM-JXY;3[:


/-4K2/DS3H]I[1T*X

1*) 4P0V2=!IG+$LD$T)WH.CM-$HXD#M15Z&$F'?& P2!
!$T




MKVAHT1#EB@QSS#SU0L&EV



MB)2]L$



G3CMRC0/AF(5Z)[)S)/AF!G- L

MU







M7!X;W1%NX1?5&3HI;IS.%KJSSZ8SVK^NP'07JK.6Y0CP*L



$9LG _IB%
4C
I'1?_).#UX;#!&V.T;;)9W@
97GB*

MA/N+)RD)N#F(B(17G1'H$ZB8! ./R-F9IVNVIMVZ2E

M;?%A1_*8%C0-T

M

%Q;^^AD=L8#0DM*^N.T,V9*&_31PDMA:_ ]$/T5
M!O3%T&])O5
$=26XH5QIQ[DA 9DW)AM_:CD=?)8?]S;KB*




M?8G1
H'!ZJYX


T@IS)1ZA#K:BXG/UO 0S:I
M


^N4)PVH$05O


M2E]1Z(UEY3*^#;0M]\6NW??+[M:SX&=M@KW!_S5VP8U
^-9; 9K]A-6MV$N$
MW@=GH( M&#RD][\1IN)_'[6!N380%S


M

.\AP;@F^2&\GY66G*O81^U;3B.][$:P-Z%V'JD<B
M#@.-8!RAE5$J6F:C5(OBUAO7QH&(DGZ20IRI!1#.R?^57#1H%6^#3R43W




-$8X&M-)*








MBZN5@88?ZV\P/F8

BS5A6- U

M0&7\M=N5\^Z-L6LEF+R=5?]\N_BUT+6[O




M
+1\=S&+=%/V[NK?8M ]P=@4WD9X]P9G\ZCI_=% 8T_VQ%9?'LGY:7JO-QE9
M.


M@ZMD?



8589

MILU6 @6NU+EOU19J;&K]ENP$ATV&7X#=H]@H5'X6
FD*OS!5Y!%!V$B344
M:639UE5M2-/M_:+83&&R3S#R_PB./++ 56]WR^73L3+$((#*6CGOU/-FJR-O
MNA5.J .9#AVJ9[[3\ANUR6FRB&DD]6Q9@-C#$3@2I\P](?=OQ@53I&5W'9





MCF$?G#A#5R:P+:K/(F6\7L



.

M_.W@54K!OWGG3P04.S




J%Y1CQELFMM(-^^@L5-*B\EJ]
);G0#78MPFPPV-#DKBG0

8!;C$6:?H )\[EPA&(LZ3A@I*T4;



T9NM@]
M=5=6_3$\6*

3-0EJ
J.JJKX0)A!92&3CQTYB$

7K?LG388N6:UZ9Q.I4E$K^8F=);^YA$
M]N






P/N_^T6HC
_L='

$II)_^
RP.

V+7$(/@K\\5!

M@-?&0JZTZ@(?52K





M\9^[4@LAAM_&^1@&I[USWV7C?M9]@

-TM#Z;[3



P(#
%88O(7A6W(H]G*RJ_7RD0Z+#:^Z&/ZRK-.3-$G28_]S

HF

D)WYIW969HMT\
F? 6DR=


]7C:B$S4</]^3IZ3]G(H
M*_P^7*I I4<%,U8T5%!U0K;,*TV@[QX715=J:IS&.PI7?EWAB'_Y58'RINK



8+!PF2O](%@5L


M\AS#S[

M@0@WFNFPAGCL79POT

M?T#





MD'L@* +50$L





MIK&*

M7
MR@Y*W;%
XS6!AAY['#V
7\OY:HU3A2?;PTK'#'=M-6:]A\WXP^L-T4E/C P^
MQ12.V0


7&^H!'1RB0;L+E\ )
MH6IEV 3?Y\#0QH'EJLO@)Z:)B9%U#]1W8C-NI7E:SBMWI'$R(.1-+/B11UQP
M

M


B#J08%0Z3
MCUKD ;,[,'*Y0HJ',2*R5 R#.'[238R\JHKK8P2UL](2$!!P;J#Y5\3H8@




MS56VLY7S#Z.U!18!
]!?W0([!&&!7.!EV'LGP'JR-W[YRGTR]4F8.P%;SX2M
M)RA# ADG 5)(4^0-0_@WHQUGMS.N(*CQ)H.$(6*S@OJ+=& J@#C@W-H^S^



M!#6O


F




M

FN&B7QR9
MG.IK4:KF.OVA6)$]V6JOYI%^%_[WEL*XRN[;]1H/$\CX?0R_%Z (BA)!J2
9
M_/E+01_B/T?J&S@]U:]VI?X&C[=\:XDO]L/2M_X:SH#[X]*?C]BP
C:A
WW?GSA\V^


M0$G:







9_^W[ZZ^)A
M]U#S-8SYH=7BH.]L9C:?!&TZ'(< /<[N#*6=SQ(*D.@Y_;8;PAB1Q96I!
WI:F;



M*



M(@?

MA*5G@=)%V-E&$=41^Q60!9:#@*.^AI
Q+?$T6RMVA=H)1M!V/SUB2AB:G@:I
MIYG!N$K$C+_%&H!6]O-T+B@=5$OWBYVK?+=;S+4
HT-_B6@D
%=@$[I;Y#M3

M#+

=F4:SH[8B

M9
X?7JSV]U!.VEC.^]0GGA'9DQ[
M

ML
 
7*R4


M\.1@\V=%

M






M_D2C U-RA






68$38IN3[ZJSV=H.DV



&#KC=L,I*!%!:8'
M76GZ.ZW08<SX \KX:Y6PSVK&IW2GH(5O@VHR.UFSC)\/0SVBRZ?
%^V'FC@

MR/Z(MG&Y1J5

M+)YAK\X:XQXO*F@&U=\O]0&9B=%CMV6_HS%;RQ8YD

MQV _O]%PU&E7]5GVTU8KZOO:HR7D#6)B_PE(%3[ U)Y9$$9J[UPJWEBQ.]8!
<O#N+KJ'8_
M?J8R)K^D' /FFCW;R&30]OWON&0#MY'(_P;6E#RJADD7@9NYI(*P=0/[_%W
MWQ?3;?TYN5H_W1335??C8EG_T =


(Y:L#-UI)?]Q!6<QV*-<]TXYQ62Y#B2UJNQ5
M*T^7WES468Y/V^:G?)34%XSJ!3TK=)+8475XZHN9G:3%UGEQS(.ZGY;\Z C
MGX98^A(%-$I?]C590CA8A0Y(UD_' 0/*P/]2;X05 'WE;$3M).-^/@G88RQB
M:RC]]]I*-=4

M8(^YRMZ)[ARN#S34ATY1)







$[@LM

M&:!RVWL/Z_'5Z1?-S7LB1M-B2


U2K[+&M5

MDRA5?#V2E4[%9!^^+@;!

M)J;GKB8U6XO%9*.BB1'

M\9

^G%7$X40;+0)V7QOLWL7H*5[
M[
]7V_0M-+\^.<UW:[AX@]XX<,#A2G91:T'5Q8ED=UF=D^.()JVXQ$SK9Z

MD?&H-:UYGI+M6SQMI6N^67S&+




ME+.%&U_11'




M [YFU=Z#$9/ZR[6@X);Z




&.QS5O9X&W_5SH8(V@NM,+]\ !*P:_M6+!POV=
$R2)%$V2@G






3@D@/X1O7.NZ/+2#G#M(]W00


J[A_*$JN-IW^^1#M&K&H/#EC'__7-0

2*'!Z])X74N]0;'CUTS1J;:ER^

M(P@YZOPY(WR9!UGBP;W$Y%/8REMT+
UVE$GV\?9V





K%K*7?97^

)+
:FI_4VCDW 7)XD\8E4U.L@E



M'73Y8?.5V[T5:S*$F. *P2\7*?D7I2@;ZTJC%CPQ_;HF V+Z&IIK)W &\)

M(U D2X9


MD6Y_=TH)(MC^)XR?4]8,=1;::**U^7(
5;\(Z4? B^



M9%
2/['7J36/=:!/[

BV;
W-F$PD[/.39_BLA:V






S]^@%NQ[;
G+5BSKB



K=LO+[AQGVQB:5$
MK9-J


M9!G(0!/?H8.PX;MX';^J7E*%!MNU 





F%&G
#L/RX%$38A\B
MX6%(PVUL[=.2ZWT&FVM\DY)

TJ*[:VIPST8%=: 0*67]-/X&[&'?

M/$!_Z%ZC'=HGX
276_3*\8^$(-_FQ4^E^$IM:4#SY/:R=7.63NV:\V#?3M



(.3L 7(X(NLLS9L!LP-7


-U@[3P0SM#[;BI8XS=S=0(\!ZH/C_9M1[)P
M:/K X6 'I=O#5!&2V/TB&C,K68WK11[CKISA9D0658KI_XQ.T^)SAFU7E.


M1GT/V@JET-Z@O\J*RI
X6:O;^P7H-; 6?OV^ %/9M_?WR*[FBHC:;SB3
ZU0
MB&@_]:_Z%$N L6GD.





=AD7SW
M5&Q%$;.J




MS'9-=34P-&!PW!U(/!P.O2KNUMM%./G88JA6I2P\_%_K%()RT/OEJ'MI.
#5



PF)O39Y-:) ]BI1Y*6V(M


XG7+W+]^






M+D#Z[Y2)T$RC.3G
9AQH1P
]%GEE-0DE%!$&$O6=G.DE-0$W50W+BOE[C;D
ML^! 2]R#5UT4-'B^I0Y+9S[:0V
%#FJ
55U!L-XX%;F:[+5E47QBW@FJ:):


:-1&]*8]B)W74+^55RV:0TI1J?MWHB@*$;'N@@'^!@:LAO-;UXA :G+-
MSY
66LJ?9\B)5C4Q_81ZO2N+@SH+O=6ZR\M4*Y*NPBE M$O%L5Z'5?3)$5


M&MWS)L[#




M4#/ZA_;U]P)HG7
I?% AKI6O9&.<H


M (RA'YC3 [RVM34'XU'=&'4[)OANW8QGH]]@WR@Y?D
=OY]N6G6
NL2FH8G:

[S^4W3?I8YSC%RC]A


R$ UH1%N!;PNA
41L5
M$4[9QIE[UC73JD3;D;9;ZU)_.[;N9?1)R#J=JBRWR^!^9_GRAJ.868&4











M82*G0.3T-47.F

MS@R]3!%SYLME7A-SN$R(&6'.7.NE9K*R-0UFGM'W2W_%N4P$FUB8-E]-1H Q



%GFRS]K^M#J

M+^4R$5#ZPD#YJ:QQBY^;QIJX7#4IUJ.!A(F+-$N4L=%/E=;:P?G)W.$R$4WZ


L26OC!;

#WVRS#%66YQIOS)
M!=.:%I9 Y  19=DNAU&S@7N77RN##$C($P
WYDJDZ
FZS_K94E;*0/?%GF
M


Q2F#
R7AWTN$U%F

THE$A<5<9EP
U\8-[M
[+(K$QMQW(P0;D;2NRYIFM_[QA(7F)_F


(*5\#(Z1:XIOO4WH5;;2


M!YN*;Q*.$8#&P@;0ACGO2

M7MJN'BX346@L3*$GI:$])[-'9=\Q;H3IM!^([,-X:YU$[33V+J_@,M$%!H+
M4ZBSCG4842X346@L3&:

M*0^*)XA!DY?K



M9JH?HB]6\R

Y

KRD'B*

MB4ZX3
2@J3#SE8KO:R:0D*'8X346@JW@
--BRF_'3-%%%H*DRAP[QQ35A6



7:$&(3DWI:X;OHA\9!9SWUOCRX5?-83E#%)I)

M



MJW1='9&=NVXQMB
0]R-PK7NN]E'4=KGQS9$^$HW\7Q!



;R+.A *R23MJM YZP^^L8%029I7X7.TX3=%1UHK!!+.RN$RU.^SLQ?

X@8
!S =6ALO


TB8

DG[-+#_GD*1\EI9OU-[6;0':P*AD$S2
M3@WMX9G%0[1S/.E:ZZ%+0RQMT]#81C1V!TE-\#PA)6MGU6RZS89H ^#;&T
M44.G5V?W_]&!3@VQM%4#\HZ)O3O#02B$DK19PQ.#T9!

M
:&X
=/)=_J0DAY?JG1Y92/WI=U;&;F]RE6=IB?TV&5VD2OWN'^/W3]N^OP_

O=V]R:V)O


][OUZ?FPWGQ_?=FMMYNG
MT^GPVSL=T_+ZW;]L#\LN_-?'O;'U^WI_.OQ<3AL[[YN'Y<AIU2'X^4U-I\^



MR3ZH7A]4[8/FZX-F^Z!V?5S#^K7!W7[(60


^B=





M!=2:HEQ3 ;VF*-A40+$I2C85T&R*HDT%5)NB;%
!W:8HW%1 N2E*-Q70;HKB

DI2CD5T'**
M8DX%U)RBG%

MBN).!=2=HKQ3 7VG*/!40.$I2CP5T'B*(D\%5)ZBS%




   !;0V]N

GH?[OMT9:_O._-=H\W;;MZ:;V]LQW+)VBS5-YW;&^'%8NUUC
M3??=VWZZ?ISWJK'^:S.&C:/]$/UUP?K]YO#W@SD]P''E+4_VX6=A3AUU7'CX





A:4&0M*+(6%%E+BJPE1=:2(FM)D;6DR%I2
M9TILI8464N*K5%UHHB:T61M:+(6E%DK2BR5A19*XJL%476BB)K19&UILA:
M4V2M*;+6%%EKBJPU1=::(FM-D;6FR%I39%5
H54QQ5;%%%P54W153.%5

MQ11@%5.$54PA5C'&6%.A3&6$V1QBBQ.DL5ILCA1%J?*XF19FY+F#!+F#)+
MF#1+F#9+F#A+F#I+F#Q+F#Y+F$!+F$)+F$1+F$9+F$A+F$I+F$Q+F$Y+F%!+
MF%)+F%1+F%9+F%A+F%I+F%Q+F%Y+F&!+F&)+F&1+F&9+F&A+F&I+F&Q+F&Y+
MF'!+F')+F'1+F'9+F'A+F'I+F'Q+F'Y+F(!+F()+[YEP'1_78]-/_QKEYSS?
M/)T?'0YTE[\!4$L! A0#%     @ 8#172A\CSP/     $P(   L





M:&5E='

  
(0   8

M% 



4
&UL
M4$L! A0#%     @ 8#172DW,ZXU 0  T 









M965T

  !D






M A0#%     @ 8#172E.J26NU 0  T@
  !D              ( !*$X  'AL


4AQE+0!



M2I\AM1FT 0  T@
  !D              ( !ZE

O

&UL4$L! A0#%     @ 8#172@E3DUX @  $ 8  !D




V+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( & T5TKR63!ALP$  -(#   9


M%     @ 8#172@\X8_:V 0  T@








M971S+W-H965T-#



&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S


M  @ 8#172I*.!Q.V 0  T@

M:&5E='

YX;6Q02P$% 



4

&UL4$L! A0#%     @



M Q0    ( & T5THO*'_/[@(  (P+   9                42E  !X;]W



M;6Q02P$% ,4     !@-%=*DJ.UY
0!   3!   &0              @ $O





4

4     !@-%=*OQC();L



M   ( & T5TIK
8]%\@$  . $   9                0K(  !X;]W;W)K

M !D              ( !


M2P$% ,4     !@-%=*J
N-1*
   K@  &0              @ %+S

M P
  # 


PW?L3 P  C@X  !D


YX;6Q02P$% 





M% 




BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     !A-%=*


' 0!X



M+W-H965T
3 P+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( &$T5TH&?*TLR0(  -(*   :

3 Q+GAM;%!+ 0(4
M Q0    ( &$T5THF#\!;\@$  . $   :                6 4 0!X;]W

3 R+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( &$T5TJ)7?]!X@$

3 S

3 T+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( &$T

M+W-H965T

$   :

3 V+GAM;%!+ 0(4
M Q0    ( &$T5TKY_[T
\0$  .$$   :                2@? 0!X;]W



3 X

3 Y+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( &$T
M5TI5YR_XH 

M+W-H965T
3$P+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( &$T5TK6CRP^8@(  $
'   :

3$Q+GAM;%!+ 0(4
M Q0    ( &$T5TK%:0 /%0(  )D%   :                9HL 0!X;]W

3$R+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( &$T5TJZ27)5#0(

3$S

3$T+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( &$T
M5TK9(.D


M+W-H965T
3$U+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( &$T5TH!_#!7
@(  % '   :

3$V+GAM;%!+ 0(4




3$X

3$Y+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( &$T
M5TK@_
$#;@

M+W-H965T

M 39



3
R+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( &$T5TJD!P)47@(

3
S
M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( &$T5TIUU:J0J0

3
T+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( &$T

M+W-H965T
3
U+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( &$T5TJV'!^^Y@$  / $   :

3
V+GAM;%!+ 0(4



30T+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( &$T


M+W-H965T



34W+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( &$T5TIQ3%BQ@@(

34X

34Y+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( &$T
M5TI3B$JYUP

M+W-H965T
38P+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( &$T5TH\!=U!R0(  -D)   :

38Q+GAM;%!+ 0(4
M Q0    ( &$T5TIOA.4.2 (  !D(   :                832 0!X;]W

38R+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( &$T5TJVL/IK\%\!






 P    $!
end








/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Windfall Tax Benefits

      
      

 Windfall Tax Benefits

      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Net of Income Tax

      
      

 Net of Income Tax

      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  










begin 644 0001564590-17-002099-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0    ( &$T5TIK_COH/I@$ -6EA@ 0    9FQO+3(P
38Q
C
Q+GAM

M#0)T 9:_O4WJP0 (@W :(*J(ESW!2)1[XS*RLK\^?_]6-C#-X0MG7+_.6#
M=#G\



MF







VS

HMOVP?'8L]?O5




J3NAYYP;

M4SR)289#ZYQ G



QN/# AJ
MMK
YX[9UE[Q.VUOLC;JGSLD$&PDDQL4DPZ%U3B#.G4!BG/6%%IN=$X+V$DB

M8&E)5TM%Z!WB
!L)EG:8GA9O=XB]YTZPU
Y(D$_2)-/^9CG(_FHIIGUE:GX7

VMWVT5!
7D/L


M XM3

[+I6;*0]*CORLWV](R0\
M!#^1Q_@N@=ZUM@P-X2?DN-BD7W ;*S9


M






M%J&*'*BB6R(:E^ABDRHH@BSJZDB7V&R4$4.5)&7XXD%1U\Q[Y\8GWC%4BN5
M BSGP@[RP_+6VZ848'DGFZ6TQ_+66Z04U')^5B
\YZ10+P1N\!/;
R3D'0I


M\M#[



MO$WQ9$/.LRE[$:K/INRW]9Z!& H\)9+@][][Q.A-!ZH8NR=$:J.0QEDV-!'+
M4+H\!T^^



MZA3_VXH'VV
]^_%@IP1
Q(-&82A%?$@LRIPJ]M;RU:,7['E;NGQ5!*T$G$
MI6'1@R&Q S=?+7-%#[IZ15)_0X9V9V'2/UZ1[\*-YX4O_EZAAI?[-L(*SM



MP?=,)0[1=4-0/Z@2F?N$W2B*J62[Y!(R%@K5W_LIG@%RSGLJ%156ZOUQ)S





K0XZZP\OS^F+DHF:\J19;4DY%B
MQ%/UN%/
;\
?
\SZ;




DC[L2(
M7;-6TUDE3D6X?Y(H1*&^
OT7K&AHH^#OO-5H5RK/CV/+5_*S GMOP(M;&X2I
<SD\\TS_9IFJM=DB!UVM,$+QX+6S/$_'N_,L3S3C/.QVL&_&
M:Z\I:<



MH78R*V7!TQ/-M



R?D(V1HA[:_$H%_+($
^9/
&P8+]Q
@
'%Z+-&19T


MD


M

^3;G_?

M@Y%





M++S-R0(PH0)09+Z#YPB8$81),N+0!*8[QO/K@




M-L21KPBH\^+87N#!ACCR%35T7APYR=X\; G=\@O1[%\5W?QJV?;U[F](6^GF
M*CQ/)C@_$P1W]HUAV4CCU757(X!WH:1!'6&N27C[3#.QH.%!'X%XP4V\6[


M8XT49Y_#J\6Z!L&


*8IQ*/B'&C8MQGZ6P
7W18=<IZJX6K(







M



MF]WW&E\

;3'9:8+&;+KPOU;_Z%@G5C()X D7+MXK=CT.UZK




E?T0H(2:$



M^KO
B87(;T_1X$2O
@ 68TFH@C:=*9S8L=R^$C5
&A#RGM#0HOG1!4+PLP1?

+W$5LKK&Q;1*0


D@D@T;O6EJ$A;#\A
MQ\4F_8;;RM\(S;U46E&JU[E!W[BJ$

I/=#??51O]R :D7
M*UJ5(?3L/'I6G!%];A4O5^QY6X/\S#;U*8.Z5&4JAU0C1XJQ5$UI5*&I2B



'W!QR








M(X'U=;ZQ!B4K\[I




MXPSC/5HZ(^=8#90\U+=;C%2=%K$^Z:NU$]N Y#$XRD2


MSJ^*;GZU;/L.6YM;9.LKD[X._Q]7
(KAA*&2!@B=H-<88A.
M


MJHYZ1MIS^P2]-(5UB!$G3),3 L1JY:HO+/[W50V%G;T?R,M6.IUUI5\'2I

!RAT5+T43Y0:S)QT4BG8M!0/L%[7Q/)B
MMA-ME









M!2








MD?;EQQ;(B&QOJZ'K#



M9

HZ)W2YNG'(/;
M3VV!*D1?'/!EIY1 B#[KHB^V-X7H\R7ZO$BJ$(F314(4=]27SA'3XGLKVM.A
M-!QU?89$SV4<I!D[MXJ#O*D10^EB.()G[+_=7XA,[79KPS!=[U0!J$#7=4!


Y!PAS$D'

)U^WZ[;<873LUTC_%GS\@TR_AG8JH(-%Y(


M





MN1$6WB+6'&'A
J7!C;TER-X4LP5D=;ORD_](V[X=5
[/$YA!(1C#JJ\_EL
MY$N!6V4C;QD[.G%+^_\L$_4P$HQ@+L*_J%C\$QF&]=Y3R8@C+X0C*AR_8H3



M0@8A



M7'1:CXY:%YAXM?4W9;
O+='-O\_AUR7O-I7\3\K+SIYLKNP#'6--P/!U8+

MO(7?;$=7;RP72+CC[)A2


W


=
MVG_ M6'E:MO!98'8W





QG?+4?:#N-9=5Z9C.^6
MVVF'\:R:^F;+X7CP$$U&!PQL[K!UM*;EVDSFO980QG1A]%TB+\*8M6G7$;M8
M

V[4EN=H=YB\ F&VO7QD=L
M::[J/.!GA-]T=7]R[1HKIH8TKV


:6*VO'L;!J.



M[B
9RT/SK40\&W4=
\)+*==0[B^KC^5/BKF*
/DWW=0W[B:VI!&45DPRDP
MY\;AG1%^]$8(E1]%D2PC _.BJ$M_H;X:46Z309?'F+5 .6%%I=$BE+D^##
MC'6)C!#F(!/)I*DUP\.DHY8OI$D!\83+9AR+IY!*MJ4RU+=U+VS%^[9J2/]\



S+ 1$VDJG//[S^QL4X(@D)@KXH!\%%6
K3
MGA\GP!_(
/YN6N_F

M]H/K$%]$=#@



MDWN3Q



ME6TCQSYV5Z


M[C=;;+W12BK[5VS989T?U6B6QQ
JQF' 

MZ3_(IR


)TN]QC7Z(&F^D
;S

M0Z!^(ORWNKVU;


-:Y
)U)
#K9)B($[ZQ&G[4 GSJ=53!9
MI^)0H\M;C$CMQ

\K)63&(/

CI7J5

MLZD;OWQP(-[*P

80#R*OKB4-=ECZ?)F ]^; S3
M_@P@18Z4O8\N+;SZ!$HD??J_OWU])H?.E OOL)
*

MSM?L\GET?IR;YW/HB


M)W(T Y


MG$D[6N4 OS(

D#5A$^=








W*TFQM)@
MIZ.F
']&AD&.-B$3885
\[O2-J3'ET..



%X
$N@LY(-'N;='_1$4:YB:3?#*;)@G*
M$2EH6TD<S <S<?#1L!M(C^P #[$HXHT,+2,C%TS&VN5BFK-(754G2='WE_
M0=!RXHEJW)XOXHWLJH6$SI4R_S
)K/1HBAHP7F?8 ?^6K%U-0QBN=%P(1#3
MCG2&R@)FBP.

ZX3J1FH\BW=^JFZ)YNLKXH)2&-\<GGF2.



FE.@Y7-X4-

[LOUV27
MDBF68:#&4REMN%T4D:/Y6

M EDR


_1+?=FA


RHF1)G(W

MTK3XRJ!=2IXA85Z:?@V3[]:?KQ96]2N
%7-%L?Q#=];WID8.Z[N^ SN:/21G





2H7


-I


M1&8.O&I?8R_F\Z3]?A9+(C/G:[45!#5
OCI*(C.'=[6CO8M%:*^1B8K(S(E@
M#*AIXJ'/]BHB


NL5ACK6#FL*M:'4VI+9C1


DW)%$L]

MF2[IVB_+RAQNTXI5 68RI-)T4J*9DMI,J?:M&\RP.'(Q6N2FZ;5&6+?TA0:
M28O).9JY%:-0$Y-NY%EBC_:VK
RA]FT8E D29I/YZQ49F7.NF' HDCQ:1JM

M:7R1PF=I5MZ()O9I4V-EUBAS\E


MGN=5



0Y76O0GK:I?F

0AE0&RB?4Z\



##P66)5O


5Q/3HRYFTEQJ

40^5S=!$CB]#

S%K$;(


#21-)8DD:C)O@2.
5'







=2

?4ZJA%??MRM:Y39\KAR

^-*O*('C E:58!+

7A






/XP-;1AG-D L7;02JY8J
M!

D+5PJ&+G
4'^'!R
MOZI;S<IZ:BYB_
II&F&R 4Z*)Z1R-46^L
IXT0N

M*S'D#Z^&OO)[#Q+H[43X[SNDQ6/#X_C1W#S0&H
O2-)+GD13S*:03XO+:3
M%3M^C&*G;4M!3U7%FYX0UK;
=('-+QNS&M\66UX@2QY06TQ<*JWD3*M:[9X\D9R4-!Z7IWH@2J')/1%-




MS;2^E&4I8\
^!DTUN)M8+L_B1*X=[$9:8X[IX;I*8#_@E6+J_Z;K:)**L0Q=



MAX_:X
T'Q;&V^P=ZMRTNA[
___2^UAUT0:! GTWK'2O;PY.VP0V$&A?T09_)


MI;&N29Y40ZX$2GTUXJMVP-K.0@K:+^WD=\^$CT9O^7KVQ%B4%0GQXH$:(-

W!G69K]<0&]7+P%TP6V<A4 2''&G@7SV5Y^-
[VO\A_?0Q_(OEXK2?
M7#ORB[-&X5]5;SF==K

MX'M7
V&M]NP56@IZO!TNP-&MZU1);_T8FD753\48R#L@D(=WX!0#
MJ4+X35?1Q\$;HN/:/-A4ZV)+7PH6!8(1O<1P5#'(<ZI:\4TD6%G&G??<(5V
MFVJ.8F+)LL


M]JH8HW(B!^#4& #D!(P*.J81*DZ5$9$9!D+F3@=YL&=U\ _@T)S9K@_A:C





##_P#E;M  L8)1#\O:V$!WL!P^$:&L^0Q(M&
ASA
MZP[F


7HF5

M\]AO^XZ8I$:HW P



M$7Z Y0(7@I4.L5^'3
$^.TU6COYZ



MGN;O4*1]QP$.N*!PIJS]SU!S$5CE[U5BT -B@-^$]0J-?;ZM'=L?EHI]*Z

@0
1@$*TGT:Q
MP8P+ 

'Y$@




=#)
4@
M_*


P0437]1



3(

M3K/EV9^PCXQ[
D](-F L0

UR7YVE&\JX

%&!2F+!H@C+4ER( 9UE&0A1$I]=8OL5W\
T5
WZ1(CXL:](LZ



V\H+DPWUQP
M\@]
[

I6*$

KA-6#7]

FW LKG.BIC@CW










M=E]W VN+R!!:



Q&
%SJ%$OA#^AXK
M*Y0XMW3P#@(@S2_G?Z;$@4^+/W_T1D.J8?;1 9$?B;3 4RJ

MA





RYR+:7EL#D65AJW.X9B




M6':?T!=^@@]3PYB?$$P1]K\;K'ZQ'
5@0_7$$-;SY\4:+VCR4V7=+_[C8@CK
M7%3(LL$)
RBR?%L(_L<:3#/_$Y'R['F9@V9W=

#)IR!8;W##=9RH%JV

M%:#YRI];H9*:=_JXC?5&OWY#F(PW( ^]'-SIIFZOX8(5Z1P_T
-08SKL(7R]

MOJ;-U ^7HW^YBD%N(HW[-7VY1!B1$1:OR'E'R/3'-=BT*_#A+L)7\LOA\?X[

9WZ5 W1W/)J(W<EGFL-+Y;$3G
M^HG&9@F<O$8 J0ED*^ ZNXB^-Y+#1
C&ENVSP-.S#Q+O!%6GGE.WNR'2/;3




Y(^CF11
M1,\84S@PB\)!L<()X:$@^JP@QK/9&89*=P3JYP1[HD53@CW)-Q3A]V3]'&X
M$+


;62
M

K_#\KG.BI&6.]

*)




8S=P+4]:FDN2H:
MK+'_WZ\Y5FF&WK
;6&PZ?-:WVX)(^BH4((?N39 \5CPZ$V%9YONGTYG@E*Z
M@V08+A$#G]TV

M 7I)).1 $PNW



M2)^(3#HNE
L-5VJ$4'/^U-G@X#
MLX]9X#HB]*X3D5+B+ A=+JBS\(7T52&2:9FQR<@@FTO7 +?R=A!S7\5C7IL



)CB7PIB5&K)7FS'^$T:G6$TVA\F3
A


)FO


M.7+&6 J6



*KIBYYXJCM',.;M'#[L%K\.

UM6?]7G_O-;4.B(0+*03CM%WLO39LL[?P



8'^#L

1UP

MU[AU/^V ]C\L\QPW/_W7

DNX<)K A?7VRWJTE'B<

&
MZ%*_CV1


LW(V
M]P*4L.LL_T([*F_8/]N[GF=F!W+X#23N?TIM9WEV[8%RF@45F3?!S1EH*45A
H@^D#_T/
^$;H3$!(!2%3/P%8HA11H

U-Q\7R&@+O4WX/S)P'O\! A%Y?\/-=G%D




&!;U&5

M:*E 0J-_FPB&A*BZ%]^$WJB@QZ
NIT;PM =I%A%4X#9V_[_M7:0C*/-I5J 0


M&N'3=6

MLWL'_U+]-QZ5H!?_?6;W:(VN'W_D'OI&H'\03T(P3YQ'N


M@($P)F$;F
?C:/U
#L['%)A^%N





ZW'OC[
M0PWR=:97($*O080 ._51YW1D?4(./;^H#V\S^:!K8:6/!P:SL7K;/H:GO:

IP8FH@
M$N@5PTBUM\T'6-/7*(L0=7C!+!



R





)@&<


M(ON!JP&[K*:%5).0 K8X%I



MVF]'TINE&C\UTXZU -H



MZ!%G!39HE!/S /?*\UH9TTTYNO4T+^T6=((CJ$J83'*W]FK.=L[R_C7+(F(T

8+LD;)7_
MHSU7K4

M+_UIXI1&AK==E^H#T($99#T4*]2HTHTJJ

;01V=






M
W7: 99S]




@\C.LQY1P0'J@)A.

O%*6



M7@^G'AEE1']UO]2#B

MT'9#333)

MWDY/0 :9P754I$5.@36;K^0N5I52^G)Z ?;7ZNRM9GB; =:)W
;8K7@1AZ_C
M9D;-$NN5]:)VJH7\M^4RB3$. L\Q4]JG]-^JO





?#L:]2ZLQ+X*D7SOV^&H7K&D

(-.446%

MFMFF@V)=5281\2LJ\X &;\/^^3KF6VUP-0Z:0NL52'6$WKF9^VD5']TTU%


MR&J4TF2S)U(]2Z&W


L
Z'7; :@TD(HY_.JH



9

J2DSK\L%

OY4U)*7
MD1'J*3CD5)&%;4

M;E6
M(X ]8#&E


A:40-%'1%3V.]\0/M%5&MY4/5
Q6B:HNW+=;



:QP)2MW4
TS\ECM'4]O!/*Z/T3Z]ISH]

4TQ3;!R9IAQ&

M

87KJ TNATXQ.


Q3++\5ETES1G;N



.F@;SBB?)T
M(F4QSZ35Z)[W3WU!XUSB.-WI'73.

:*
MM]#GC2[S;$*GV06I.246$ ?!BU'6\5!



M9[*RH)




M5%]P1*
MZ/:\#R72

&#N_'

W

H=*M151K)8G_NM.^+)6)W_7-


7&?E_/
M
^H
XJ8X'EA:H
^QS&.!E\SCI?;XOVH]TPZU\.!==*IY2?8'K$20W%!
(\*@


S&;-G&U
MWV





C-)@@E. 

WWL^3
M1$?\3YH353&Z)=7^<[@\2KI0&
LM0N?U:V!6U1B$E0A+M#H8[8!'' 2-W/K


MU_@4]1L(;RZ*

9F2:)7$&

JOT#K^/U)^&9-J?P^@5_F-
M%9OZWK#?/VUZ83#NP


&SAQYHD&#3D( DK]S=9
M%U@!KK3]# E&,H$;RE2]H]D#Y*50Y)3?$ +






M$!$0[-#\VW#(=:*]#8+\@@_O*?$(.;DP**)F4I78G@+7IH*\6K/ .*S)3J9
M$Q/0DN7;VG6W'(MS(=47*LI2HCQ8@DF&.(\S*234%7-5BK5]HNO
_5Z.H3L
M@&';A5A


EVSSALT%\):ZHJ2]SV&P1
VC


MDD



].EJEEJ6 
FWXWZ_



M
+9H_(J;I:K.FV1YGEU33^TI&C4F#5/@_8-R L




Q:V'BO+GO!4/HZ W@A
MP


LQC2CG_/ 5IL6[

MT0O*^\+3?Q73'UZ\PV\'@^'YQ?#\/ZB[_4%_1'\
AJ/!B[]@RW7#__#--_J3


%9H787[S^ZJF:OG1U5<LS[ GYP+/2ZG1MO3!A4K6H
MKGC5N0I/S@7$;E14HLL

(DK4+2;X<V72.61FG)D=9Y:$_E$TY5<F :YSB_&]!DK0KUS8Z8IZ]T%19V
M+6P4(5*YH-1E%E9?-[3L?8O


M1$B
?47UU;IY

=IG  


D-AD^UM5B-\+F;^^X<SYDA:]G(33LD[8348<
R[HUVWE&
MH6&-.7I8AKVGI9 .H0#- ]D$&(8O]JHH)V3#MD]E*0_F

ZR# 3/R%)M[ZD*]0#O V/:9MZYTUX5VR^9M0\^
ZM'9
&#@<WE;K=I3',3S8C7AZZ,8-?F+X.@;?D9YSXCXR3YAL
M928G(X#.B:G3L/'Y-2Y+'J4E5AG











M5&$\DALO4PV;@EDUR!&L O0+KJ#&@ A$L0R33 K3D30KZ/'HPXABNIFU7 :
M3C#KU$%];NAKW641YF
@$292:!7)(*JI==9F6B8)T*DC:= VZ_BK)1K8PAR



DAC?%WD?0+O3$!_T



4())

M45RCB=^(BX81AIGZ6M#
@ 50:YL_:%T;GQL]+]DLDB%X61H%_@%6UFH6Y/

MO@2*%4K2+$









MI [*;)L'=]8NIDX H!
7JDARHK]

H#FV)H







MV?3X*H177HTL('@EJY]GY6Q^JV/02$5A_:?T?GG[R9

B
MC\&6Z-Q-/5D#S:39)-WJW!

8OM

NG2G+
M\FSVW&Z9'M7V&






+I*KUX(
CU]MH#TXM8WU5'4' R_[8]E2Z&G _5P46]7

CDFQFST8TMQ+#M=?GV#* V@9MN?]TR:'8
MR]:D:DN]A\18&/.5$N=#Z7!YE22O2L*JR0:*Y^#J[$:@M0)W__4DP+S]
KA1
M?(KMPXH)S+K4=J#E










MTG!S4LJ)^
81=3U W4!RJ8XQR[+6$W-5$N_B 8HASSYK\88+Z#EF\W'M K
7Z#OZ@@&3TZ@24\17/]4W-9OIG)=CF1OTZ& C3N-:V





MTQ7 &VONZ9#BS*PX

ZG:PNA-)I/)1)

(-S5 ]5M%[W^6=MQZ]LWD&G1F8M6
ME;&E?I(ET9TUYB$[;+1E)_;4%DJ9C'N-C


M$;OA&JM6O^1O$.-GN5F(:G)G\:)B
7LK&9U((@8UN33*L&$ 
\VSA=XU1'V'
M0N?7%QK?%/ID@A0


?!')V76Z%

CH@



R7I_5(E ':(C0YP


AG)IU95*83=DC^0E/#HCR$]@-P-Z._=.SOJM
M':OF=

M

@O3SQ+T9#5Y$Z5M7ADE#7

MEK2]/;^S

MS[B*#/-

B







55+&-P[-Q04S:5

M'NHY9L-OU1DN

5AXZV77$&&FZBQTS%2'



19[#WW$:




\RQ_E^6Y




Q\^;;JCRIF=OFI7RY$!)+T@CFCS*(TG/::NR
M8 WJ.:KF:\8
M:87LM S7_!;$A1Z;.$1LJ6#+\W#8NQI5DIXIWSU_8K1?Q %W9_-GRR3CK9J

8P+X#%_LLXQF..H-;H'/#.MVKT?9





GPA4DCM6
'R0.<*AZM9L*5$IZUVA$L

M:ZV'4YV-VA8J'VA(,Z]?P=)265#NGX37O0QA8:4VBK;%2O]6ZK'MU: MJL


14@4MO%Q\C0LOJ/9]OO&RW




M+$H!^$DAOLAJ?#8*SRZBJJO@:_@L5ZKZJVV\YZ;=X(J*YJAJS[UJ-HPC;;.T
MS1 &A3=%IQJXX0L
W!7YUM!\W+:^T$7GI X2;4;0;C%(]G(532S*I(B7T+0K
M$!]4EJVV!I%:)N!W84.PT3




&R
M

1*MBUIK)$6;_1S?
MAB?O4FL*3.(L=&^5)2W'1#J
C4+Q=$

M 4B(-+$V!N#L01/CG%@'&O+M26_DP2@FJ-F:CM$FD%;Z6B65EJ$/NEPHES&B


/PP2JT5
M?F-=^MLL@#2UM:;$557V?BAZWF\9X.U[G\770/IP?5X :@$@$
8)+M%9+9J.

UFJ\(_72L.$GI9

MK-:-GEUNNEH$O-)FJC 7
2F#DAIU.#4

YAW!
8
MQ2E*_8:V@C(;]%C[.;0JDQ% +X]Z9TW=%IWK+D4)&H_B:NDO2Q
'8I=*UX

M!C6*/CY)K:;XMF^!2RO
]&HW589_XROI6BE$7EOD4(F!KD6^Q5+1XH% /O)(



MZ8B]3
 ^LD.**Y'3F@5\9ISBPL-JL9Z2&=5+J\R9[-_*N1]-:4(C\^VH=U(9



++WHDHR+U?
M@V5

P?6BYR

MG2A



Y2V*9]M)5K[]P\7
YB@\

;


M+G.BT_ P)S(G

'%P

-O









;4[#P]QVF.@QM]T-TM&IWQ\/



M
3N
*6X^7_90I\'Y?-F[U!N?G.Y[U^%.G2[+5I=)T6EXF!29%)D4'T** W__



G[M+U

D^LCB\V

#YWOP





F0R? #4
M#SI[C[F0N9YT!58F N9YD+'Q(8/NBPOJ
D0RY3YC+E1RV!;=:QFJ)5N'YM

3?KVLR9?5WO !E\?
M(0W[]--3G(9U!0DV;ZXBHSP(=APMR]']]X1A57HB3!YY2P@'*_N&X$C58D.
M(,.LLKJ8YGPX&+J+%VN2J\@PR^P; =8-5Y%AEN'8Q65,ML0NKFZ8^LP+)EU




]YC6.TXY5]?99+


G$=%FYET1/W8




M^NDR)RXAT8%MU_CTZ(Z='GV^DWO!RP6QM^/^T!\-^?QHQV#I@%ED@G(%28H
M)JB#):CAB3\87KB*)/.3L\@P/[F!/
3\]/!\M/H[

EJ



\TP%U@G0S


9QV#I^A:-AX_03UGZ.LP62U$(+YCE0BR@F;P;8P?TAJN=

<



M1(]Y[4Z #ORS\84;AI)YK1NJQ[SF-#S




MG.][72HS8J=
+C.BT_ P(S(C

B4R


MG'I!&GE_#](RR&^\H?K.]XJYR(5W'4COV^%XU.M[T.@DSE*Z^MOQ8-SKTZC]



 CU.70
MXK673D08E'@7=2J6






MBZM87&\R0%X4![

M%?3*. V3
D*3J\;(



BC*TK2+6H*Y:W*&DAXR$




_[^34$ORHS(T:HM)M
9K3*0A#&J)34UP+H7AJI7L5




MG@97-N0Q\N V)I
LB38F6\]W2;8^$BGMP+X'. *:B9VP+\]YK)TS +B^^\=&

'HG;H90/#L7_2'[J*
M)1^
^[A.Q)





MZ5

1B.!B_^@DW6+?[#-V:!AUFG@=)C

M#-/^?;;EIZP0];:VYVJ#8[R\$OC;[A]Y28W*]S=]7WR_#W
I9T9$A[W;EE




@%W


MN
^YNK\ZIR+X:AT0T[Y#_S*((W7P#[VA?]$;-4Y+BJ4L83C&YP/_9-Q7;97F

M9OJ20.KWPH!%KQ
00CQ_@@;9'
CRK]ZG'AZ-


AS@@S
MJ 41'E #7]+)0]7I @F=8049*2Y(666;$$'/J;01VBB;D!]#!GVM6G@/!G@

!UXSGJ@CX.S7J?K8:USAVVA-+!


\3U/HU4
$FNKO=XJSCB]?Q5GX;4G?\S$G

5

MXL.GT(%_


0<LILA-,]D_I)C@5UQXV/1<%KXQ'(&&^)%82N!E6L3ZXBPS.;




MQS#G5KQP0T?\)['6(;XL()URC+G!?*N2?MN$A7II
P6;/@7G;$9RD%9D
5











^B+A(6D[HRP'G'H+7HHIO!PGO[S4']OG%;Q^HS4;(A@KT9ITPW

MY







0^#

MSZ_#^VT9QA9J3.LKM
IN9-.8^NECZE68PMJ\S'7+U S/@ES#J0;A AD& I\%P%PF7

M+=?))]0


'G;?U:

LKU8&)AD27O16HZ#9E.@


X^-6
?FPZU6_(^(\2-MRWZ(Z/;


MQC+$%A291D8ZOXJZ:8[)SHIT+#K;A#4+[G=G/_LLI?@EB*48&P)1Q')@P-
M8II:;



@

N#^

MB]#\+;4_L+@%-/D+W?CC&^H]2DC0CR4^9N^:]Z5)(=8]KJXN[SGKT.^Q




M3TX;5=?G9%D$^@3SXF^


MG6D^K250NBV_:Y79X!KP!ZP%YM%&_ Z1X*]MG1]7;MA)D7B8VIV3
)'M41

MJA&BYX::-UJ#X0'@7(^@8D



\T@NPC
H?

MW


MJ1##J=4?TKG\5+F'7K?[=+T'F/;Y _5MTTYWO.M8R6'3[&B2+PN$RH9YJC!=







M1@G$*O%6!E ]

MXJ;D#$

O64TA =@J?+R0#%:H[LF+.:(X_D

5G6%CMFJ47 R6Y%%AMF*A+,
M5G6%CMFJ47 R6Y%%AMF*A+
5G6%CMFJ47 R6UUW6_'F6_I7VE;L]3MC\B#]

MCJD!2.PE(P@*]2-XUTILUM0--$SI^!JK!%2\4TGZ0\EC&H1(W#,7+6C231
MFQZ= H!-$.QM?TA#31)
D ))C*QZQ&&AYFM4:BQZSVW
Y;IK=62B#3&VEX
MF-X:B1[3&]
;2R#36]OA87IK)'I


B
R(S;A- WS8JT4
M+_

B:7B8%YD7F1?9@]I\F:1^7':OS+:F8N5/





-#]4Z03+SI# [[:/*7V0L

43THY[.L&8V\&RU-7-N_@XJF?O!VSCC9B).:A


1WIW1\+SGLE:I_






MI%9??1JB0_ L!QF@6

M7

Y[*_=FZ4-W9-P$QT34 \ZV%I6N 3+
5E20
M8+:J*W3
5HVD]F*+#+,5E208+:J*W3,5HVD]F*+#+
5E208+:J*W3

H-
*TPK1)%A6JD!2]-8SJH^E@EBPZSBT
MF%6H(L.L4@.0Z-2\8_FIGV9CCJ&1$MEA#FF!B][ V
R6A
%:JVRDX-2\3=
M+&U

'C
M_Y1P(ESLC=F

M'J:W1J+']
:^R9*WI4W1I^CS%.+XS^(F/Q$0N:_0

 U8&L;/\4U
M8!L:A
4U8*][M'%0]=%&+@-;AY
I3(5

B\^*%QUXG51][94Z\XI;OGV
+!BV_





4U!T,
MCA?87R(!4O8NN8,!$$,#Y_U(R5GZU23]2DG&5S75W&R U3.R=CO#+\3D?1=
M^.S#Y(^$DX $=



O6H









2O7T7ZCXZ%HG:^^W^D_
]7V#]5QQ'%/\<R']=BI[:BLW5OC5
M8Z 4/BMR5N0UD9^2(O\@YS+4.S#MU.?O?GW_2;SL$3E

M'A]GAKH1*E47*F1B8F*J*W1




M4@18TAZ?XF&--GA[+*/.SD$NB?OETH[CVYOLE*Y=HE


M.XN/%*@E7003CX,C8
M<CVXTIH%T(*76DAPHL-]01(!3-&K-_O0.8MQ*HZXZXVZ.XCB?&Y(-:6.%;DN
M5=PNY$\WHM_K3955XRE



$#9N]DF;V.OT)$^)Y
M\&[L[Q3;%C\%-IW*\6S



R$8K


!8G


MV^BJ2D51ZJ@;P\/M4Z;XN=D^Q3O;3I:)I[)]JJUC\3Y8KD*YD'Z$OW_R[6 I


I;2V?





C87?M+'PZN4O

7V3

SM:'2N1XJ3.+97*3(]44&Z8GIJ<'T
M=&JZ
Z8I5HY

M))2I[0!41$[R

8
MTBD%L-
&:3$RS=BKYN223=W/YNR2QSN:Q_WC2A?=7
?6([DDZURF1-+P
4R
M)3(E5N6A9DXDLIYG*F0J9ID*F0JK
JUS51(A I/K3GPY
AP[O
KQXV;G7'E

MHLB=N]+94LLM&1I5JV2C2

M/-I.DM@P'O+Q0$(M/KW+Z+3X:IM7KQ&3=7/K\HC%6DL2V=:R= 6SU-G+NFH3


+=3CI1@






R(S(C/B
M)?L_@UZ?AHIE1JR'RF5&) T/
R(S(C/B16O$T;FI;ID16ZERF1%K 
_.C:-3

MLS
 I;DQRM^51G6T.J*
8%8-$%$K9L')-073$;A*$4'H;/[ =/.L
QSL.L]Y










MW=ZYU:=NOR7%9@05)%B7445&FPML#2AKP)R0Q8DEBHRS#)4D& 9H8H,L\SV
M\:N)V3/IXL621!499ALJ2+



MF
Y8(3*=-1
]IK/G]N
RK;52!)G?2
/#_-9


IU8:EPF1-#Q





MV[[1'YQ;!(6/2E






YWTG#


!A80LL@PR6R$\(S/COAE(:K9NI3W2*^%T==ASVODI,CV!+6(3B
M(5NB#AXVDC P/J


64*
:8](9D





3B1@8'9B=FHV

IISPBA@H
M]&6(288$#P@9)%ADBF3S*A_;BU:EJ&:+39Y:_5:/T2Q-=(L
PN:Q*4PUZS




M
_N]%W_%]J7-^]


[+V5]D6#






M9)AD2




M(9^T(88*?2%BEB$! PL(66289;;@^I^)V3/IXL621'+#\UJ5%!L&FZH86K$W
MATA%
4JPU

=:%--$;'5T&CBT/M;Z=&/WAA(2B?$+RRHJ2I:]ZN)C7
M*&+#O-9



=J[#V#PP.PVBUBZ#+.FS0&0Y.4F
W


M%7/0%




M83UQ8UH[QJ$XJM2A: X[@]U939N-TLMWRR#QXTBXOH@701)9OA.](BM*;+C3

_L^-Q=RR\=S
N5$;MS^X]ZR

MUQH@HU=3%2Z6*.$UZ'0GWY&%BH6(*C)

ML3$V+#47(D

:01:JELI.#;0:



M&JK(


MN;%BHXH

TPN!

8G5## FL6:BQR1V(HE-C.ED2D-[
HE==;^L



?A:2?:H#UC
.4#
M176 BHST
=G5## FNV:BQV1W&J3C@3&:G%O
G

MJ!ZYW@]9)MNN$X'(V,TJGJ?D&FR5EJ7:;)F@#%-,DTR35YD_VNT35-&GJW


RPG@

MC=?P&


M8WCZ._6^#]*6RQD\IM\SA-GMC93C[F^6G^#8F/H[HX T;PY\U
][@
Y^VYMV
MI@(FL.?J_$)W_8FG6[VC8%COY(XM);=TZ7)I2=GKG:16#4Q GGBATL5Y:_
MAMD=!2 H#G00QF2V%IZ
P:!6 V^'TG%C\5(IF?^9F&;W[4^_OH_RC[VWKP##
M6-V9RL.WTTY/_]X;==]NCO:H







M:7V1KQ\6 =C[Q3S.'KCR$E W;CHO;2N2
)]L.TS2QR;^RG*='%L]!XHG9H\!
=!(/WI?:E^J:4L]]YY!(H9TH

MLX#KUUH0X8E@K(.UK*U:O$!K?M0-=VAP*ACR:04=P$D!STZ;M I@1*+TV_)



9C/I=)O*UB8+1#&




P$W;




S 1DL;I7'_.8'5;88;&^D0_.#43Z4



M(O@3Q




M

M_(BI)U?K4FL
H[\_THZ@L]0A(F_]&LQ57^@I@B356RO7X=R2:..F?J@JD0




M(H8'ZX0HIR9RF?!TB,EJ?&&JN7!D-$51W&G\]=F%'J7 O^YN/2;^O@F%I*

'L:GS2@WS?]L9EBL_.JY2?8*G7



MAXU#H@B7B8?'WT)U4BTU2&;*!(0^XU%
T
/JN-(C+=-H/?ZK.A0*@U8X7-0)
M/3UZZ


EC4QO
M*9N[L3[+O=W-H_TQDZ?\
850E-;8#UL^Q4W^T_;MKC.-^?E%$('\E&FA0SXD






-+2_


M[[Q]4J/#^8QNZM

M-KP/[ZEN;)QM;JBJ7).6 \OJ2'G6]
XVSAP/UOT6:'\[SUB&TS
WO^37U#+)
M5Y*&LNJ*S8DG+L^L&[7?EZT:-^[9#&))U\LX@%'I6J0F]%/'^=2=0==]11HJ


*9Y'5)J]7;OOMQ*=

M1*E.:7%K2-QH

M6(!Y[96A]I\$IUGJ[=N
\G$W?

[PX6
-'16[T 5;L-Q=R
TJ&3AJ06EV@S6



M:U^9_HZJ*$.GW







!TZ'?1!&


M:(XO
#]NG4*:2V&4X3JPZ51]I:[=IDB+:RQL[H(\BK(EL8&XTT)I




M$19
_.C&]B)KD2%^#@)G\Y9/_KV


$:V
GGB.L
M^1RKIL\3K#B979B^O%1+&M[Z_!69*Q.)=W=WH;S3Q85G6 7!D?5[SY2.'9.
MF^*AQ?,P5EN]HK2!N:MJO?3&I^[L_48:C+#C_/ \X*'2+R47[-')'Y1I%:]
58EK@HV<,INPL)H9*?9W%+6+^577C,_
M$2!8?5%%ADV D@G0'1GCZ8 J5Q$=8L[:Y$-
*5J.;
-0 0(5E]4D6$;H&P#

MF@B!=C:CBS4 $%9?5)%A$Z! JV^8XW





- &&(&!#7.KP0
WZ


F&




ML/\






M$98:2!$S#14D6$:H(L-
4\#5-[KFN8M0EJ'VRA#S#!4D6$:H(L

MCIEIB


5@_A8V8C#0\S6S/18V8[D=DFQG0R


M.ZIC[1^TC3'Z;J.G*L%Q:92FJZ?*+AU9IVNZVB5Y3[6D-.)N#
^V3Q&VT\#Y
M25J1C

M$FA\*/!A01()O



MF\I-T

M!C5M[3AWH6VQ6T'MQXD5Z=MF


4UKA\0:C0A:DFX#ENX$2Z?S#KQ!)FW4+5IX-G
MIMW\'4=81K;EI47H[K&LG*HB)^'9NK^&?H8?E*XL)LVNWL7!QD
]U_\B'?P6


MJ(3\'VF'H5


M


MB:<1ZO4[8_(@J7RT^1G6[/0J52.?7194D.S#[6%C@]!G.3T
(UICT]!$$.%
MO1ZUA.V=RDTA0KD*900MA%$3;IIM@X1-S^Z/NBV@V?U19_38_7%R'
9@PNZ/

MA[T@[ 6I$6QEN\-)I
I1Z_IY1D\2UCT[0NJVE&9'2)W18T?(R7$@@VG5Q^O8
M$=($1\@A*Z7%=8Y^F8
/&X&C[20X8+V&C_X*G



MP

FP$/&4$

MX(I& -E--#8J#!^HLJ

M/.J






S]H:-B
*(J'K'F(T(*@X&5F-7LA'X#
YSHC09&Y
19^
@A@K[$:@C5)@
M9&/7V02@@D1;U1AU-P&; 
H$F!CC;M7Q(51EAT-!R$43'!$P@1V:K'9)ZJXN

M)[%[+\7.[HO?/
L7+S7V$]/LOOWQP_O?\H^]MZ^$'?B1&\6J3$WB1_ X?
B=
SHU
M&U\'GQ+T5[N^%<-7-@

MX-JYE*IM2RE5S!A\CCJI%
!UZLEJ^LS6I=XL 2DQD_!R1XI5Z
+;X.W8O)D$

2NCB4K_'L\



MUF55

64P)ML\J?^@

E_RF 88IEN+S)OS*)048


MQ(3O7ZLB3DLKCC$U2)38VS&+,0L#%+EMD:(=7^\B!E*4:D?^^&@8\MMSS


X.4[_
$O
MY;'92I^CTTPD7NPN


M=]Y;*Z29GU11M@]NA(4S3Z U[^@Q?87_[ZIV^$^$MVUS]P?&'.?5*C$\4_

M.]X5HWG8T#]Z0NRV%4X0JTN
(4\_(VM_E6WY!;1789SU^EKJ\/I\NC^UN$#L

56JL_&*\
X+Q4*2Z&?V[+R??'!!9B)GU189KM$B=Q(ZC

/]DV\\BP[WCE5&9M_*(.I^EGRGZBITQ9V=GT[
M$'%Y#EO


&
MH)KX\#X[B:)]640;K4X!+Q@7T /AEA++YCVJ5^E-T5_1,DKE6N4NIFY1%\


MS_WC6C\X
K)A/B*[S8)[-/5/6U:HQ


^4N-4U$587/9F/C'KT





M _UR91:5STJRBX1


XL'

*HJ
MM]&E9



M*1\]5(NR%?;R0KML5!AKE0?%; *YA5M:;@F:?E*3\VI?Q?%YL9:GI]#T*;I

M*#




QE9Y]-3
ML^BX$QG%2/X200,X?P4[OY:6B=GYRE'?Q4HV)$031QL-TMB%9U3EIY=;GA




MJ-B&
*JYCUM/6CA8!+B+U?E4CA9-J+=8K!9XB@[U*X_$A N/RDW^M+C49L

M5_M7L!_\Q'.#AX11/WV8C6&I]D/1CKTB[ -)0LP9;5@)B+3YKI_+R)&*)0)M

E(=%6-G6HC/+UHY#83( BA.-\/)$*55=E!_L(
MTA%:FP!U.PW!!&C/D(GU9CT;0*8 
4NP/GP5!.@[;(#GP[X=)Q:3^%N/1+-
M511
[8K\ER#07EI6U#FFMH(I7%X6
9D5Y5VY?(..KW59P#?47 :2&M13G_
R

ZRO].POO%%BZ7W&RW64TOFZM*[2MQN-U

M5E1QN?5U






@
MF:@-'1L:S(Z]5 !PM-9M0:D8)$L6.##1FI@9=/-2NWA?RT*HSS0Q17X\$X
M;BZ(DBS6R@_Y?A/%I=R+*$M5E
5JIF/_FKZ\ULI-$ET$HP5^'K_I4^L3K4W$
MW7K\SH^(O%L]_8
?NJ'GNX'Z&9IG-T/O.NI8QN_U&'WRP#-^3:YF47[C?9

M$HJ_!)'WQ]_^](-2?RTO_9+25U=10# DO_XG\]-;;O?ZOM5MRI_]_.+#OTA_

_T7AV#V[?[ _&$[ _O%W[B111O_]$
9


&+J
MRKTV


_2;+\01OS[]0


M0;LDJOD4O=*!F7=Y/@I.&N(&@2*C

MTZ&

K#8MD^B
M(


M



M0J-([NGO8\PSEG!6]339%E'


9O$2G1U+HO).E.6=5=\:0R
N#.%T7V)'_[!/[
NSLWLI&SX5G5E


S8O1\_NRQ6TUNKU+5




M6UW!([.9 I$MZ

90;?D
ME+AH%

W07GX#

DZUJ0\W('*:YPPIUOJ['



M*BZ9
H 6D6D FHL=!--^PPI 3:B^?(.A^=6U.Y


M*#B9R




M:W!R[?5'5KB':UM(J XP(\RX0$_2EK@Q8;![7MC*W!R=[=G23%'(\2CGW(


Y*SRNG_^;ME]]7



*O=.F$DOX_RLN-T5_#+0J0
MOYA'06F4+5&I?Y6UDQ;?<D3Z%HG:5G:ZU6NI/AYFA1
+EHW;DQ7LD[)DL10


$

=


M. K_792DB0DA-W&OG]U;#C1/5@]3_NSG%Q_^1=@.1^
7RJ
NT$^_Z_G/+][Q
MM[;M3






G

M
QASSA&T5:04Y^.X^^ J9CWU6\2)






KR1;4[MLMO'E_



MF9]R=$_K9#.

+71MU=CX[?]^^914K0TUVYXMS#:R

-)DYT?
UI!DDY^Q&;/@O7#^EA]PT/\]K\$47*
&/]LT[\



M7)#ZO7








M8JZ%Y2A C8T23E!C ^!-&$QUT[&DE@ C+6]F2K'6:R(MFJR_U_%&_99PC3






_\0@+
_S%9*#_C_*'T5]#18I
)3KEJ]
K





R GYI DH.K4#/3]W@A.QT5ZN!7Z0@T5$9






[*O$.

N=^^GOK$+^
?63#I;3---R_\D/.Z1'&U_QL#^*[X


M&K#P[*C::@ R(/X*\6/%+PT2K/B% C/ BK]V#!JPKNRHVFH 
B#^ZBI&+$P=
1@XA!7"F%]@KA =?;CR]WHB=Q8O&/'=#@\:9VY0NQZW:C,]B/1
M@/VM355XC-0\B1Z4A%YNMYAT,F+A@R!)00*M-M=['Q/1D61WDF%
=%^P2+E
M-GB0K? 

J52KSL@4FQ7*L/<VYNEVUC*-7L7&UK/%19Y)O$R@[G+:\FQ9/#AO

M;MKDJ[^






:$QC]680VO]
MMX!C?Q3

QD+G'.8'C8P:W-MAWQ8+
M9$=S:C1 Q
!34I  3S46.O#4
3PE. 0./(78*I$(O4V2;*%G&QY(8F
68%/(
MW;'M(.$X/SGV3T[?WA-/@GS#@@4(JDP*$E!E]:NR :NR/1[S4&52!4CRP5+[




MZLR=IT5+YG[@KT.^B_CQ2B1UHMZ&(6=T^%TOHSCEF?.!VK:.$;#[K_[W2VO5
MF3)SA
F'P3K@%75EKOT\#M:?%U?F

ML[Y)YCXGV7C+22'H?5F0KC(JD :Z56?_R&@@.
&+=_4(5DE))?C#W8QKV,@<#/8.CHUE3\L
$JN1OUP%?O8JU++ZZVV!


MSCQ/Q


METOJ_
V=

.[VP:429*+TGA^85;D
MC%1K.!8J04Z,0EYK5V3YUM'Z_*&NX[2S@(NX!I &'O@K ;^3:)I%;2O5VF





M%@.-F.






MC9JD6WYW/2];%*5M9ZO8:YK]Q53/8Z;7A8Y3]YNZH;&9NT'P4W(5Q2G_M1%L

M1P7G3]P?4UJ9*:XAW/:@05#W' _TQ EXOBR(@





M!8F.R@C(I0DH.=9X?.I9

M3@DS+:C*CI&J(BW?SR_Z+Y2G ZZ6Z]'(K3X7NLM\+A1E[GRT4HM%7C_2+X&[


MY)23IQ


M^&2V/X?%+V[ T=3*3=6%IG:''#
=S=6M=N

M\J$;'V9;(H$


M 8
(&$!.S80.+'74$LI!$39IH
B7

M7WX


#& 0 4
G




G!01KEP: A+6+

M8&1#(UVS 081

7@H&I/VC

M1U^^_NJJ7&#1T@0[''/P:)%&B-T&F 000

@9*PP4)/:3CM#?32Z_6
\R+_6CT&3UZ-4N=Z5KZ_]
M(K/?8]3YA8N_"L!CLJ=10;F0F7]Z0Q/77]@H2M/\$LW=!?794+!(\U 1G
MT#L_-;$\)*?+.@TPB( ! B(2&7#,';208TDL-*(%4PC!89.@@6,0T 00C
M&QKIF@TPB( ! B(2&3 -F*8IT(@6)#-%!@Z*2!8RC0 )!
;&B0TD\P0H=Y


MZ#3 ( (&(A(9, QC^F; 4'JK"!::3 T$D!P2*F 2!8&1#(S@EX(:GG[J(
MXIF.R\%/HL?J?Q97J\=&
:Y0[ ]B&*Y]I/LU@G-;O3KL0'X#0J5& ?7.4P





:RIRM(QSQB+0@XRU524F_KM?SC6@TOEG&/



MSUZY]-F]U&JI8S\R#KUVKS\P7KU)3QT/*



M$WZ$Q[


U!7-9Q6Q2-[XB9GXVK_6
Q8/


M%BW34A_1YT^+D+J2J

^ZR.%O2(_!;B
WIP




812-EU8ET3U$-


MO^B_4)X. MZGIFFY^ESL@)O/Q=ZZ1XW2\6HGO=@&]VA%[RX3_;K\XXTJMLI)
MU51VO)M:)ZLB'?D /
;A2M

M!H3 &;^H-8?@I'=^6!:ZYQ(M





M108TLT9K HX1AHA\^0''2$&BJS*%4P#0'+LWNC4@U(3F=U&MA%A*0$:G(
M@&8J&V7VJ7Z$*#.A!(1@H27941+&$: )+3[SEUU[J&Y#O8L
0^A^3=%&J

MPY2D(



H=@.U#%
^U7W\FOZH! '0:Y?6_#ZY.)PB6C][XN_*&9
'W
M$/WSU+&=NB$]2/JJRA(26#]
E1C. MH?!@6=9*]+ L.]+WTZD[


)*O?$00N(:




MWY5&J1NH+(RU%UV&U



.ZM_J9CST_NM(.=FLMVW']W[_@9RO/1GB[W\(+1+$[/
MF?RX
6E?Y5]5I^)%%

(RW
MCH(T0?U


M\3BK=)SR77Y

C^NNW
MDN2Y:J'=)(OU@B!1





MAGQAA9/Q&[C+1+\N_WBCDN]3QU8&]SU1'*-)KWA]$$%?HHY@/P& L\K.DV



M-7_+$+




8J&!\0(8@0Q/@#J:6\\D:%BP8C-4+E@1-'P@!'!B&#$!S'B


WB3+U4%_E


95H$R#

M_#C[G#A


!$<.)#.'%DC<\=&4H6G-@
$59K#_-WU4VB7_7@9OJV;LH29,O5X3Y
M+[R/_-F]7=!;DZ_4@E^R/OC;W_Z0:F_E@_C!\3ZBI[A7^N/QF_YMRC5JZN5

[!=_





*?J@0ZVGL62C/O.#PXY+I4WM]





JZ
3A
M5P(4Z

M1'W.O5GV'06+K)QU9SORF6T325[&?W?]

&?.@FAYG\







M;L]B




M0:*C
&HH,&1(V*X^Z*4S2JRKHB$?&=#+
M';3^/'5L1RQ<$2QR(!LI !&1&*#,BFZI\TL@;3NFM?0(BPF)$%@'PMAJU^
M.;[[J%JQ%;FW7IKQ]X'9_M=U^_(C+ULS#S51BZ[)Z*$6W=&G]-A7X:J1*)1

V+3(9^4@E

M$PT/B*V5Z('8CD.4ST\&
C0EB*T9L@=B:P \B @Y92N_SG@0'
'L.3\+=:JB

5F!!
V#FA Q-V

+YBP

MZG3A:8Z(GB-*9Q9E%X%63J][\.5'1+'V C=)_+GON:D?A8)KM708*S''Y(^Y








M82GJKV(%Q2UP VH6#X!I3V\K4!7M_AWEWBFMN9N+H#6_.SK0FENTIO

6E/J
MK'V[B+(P35A)YN8U:U'^.&
/%ZUF^L*GG].(_DIUO/!#;50G:==HH:&X6C %
&E-J3V]M.[CU:9^*.<&NXWBZ<+QCHX32);C1-

M3*^B+''#6?+R]:YQ/&K0CD/RJ38'C7JYOS=S.C\7VL=C




NO1X .5;@X%V*\)&O9YV0]C
M#E9K!)(F:EJ&X A
ZB$&ID


MP4S8 $S@9G 3&F+C/3^?@!2=? 3
_/3'6FBWWJK5E[T)N(Q^;3EAW9PIOX




U#U;QG#H9XDLSX$J:)!&M5CHM
=93%)\%'U8DF


M(C 3F G
U&5F
B!
MV8Z#E/=Y4?:U4B)$3XPFVAXP&SM1 _

=9?'Y^E$@HPE(?E@5IA5R(HT:/_5C %4'5==F55=WOBBH
M.EFJ#F

MG)*!!+S(S%_B\].1]:@?VHJ1*3E[ZY:!$%)00($!8)J,4%-K='(%@LE$HJ
M

MYJ3W$&MCWRDCE*)





MF?Z+L^SU[?[ _&$[ _O%W[A=1;/^]$.9!;5

5P/TH.5()F
]LQ
F[9YW5G
MVP8I-DKK@A1%PP-2!F%!]BI.1-1G L;T)6$E/^[U3;)^T/.
AAQ+/X_C\

MT)44)$!7C84.=-4N/$%74I$!74E! G356.A 5^W$W0%Q^7FP);O[.[*/A!E
M:9*Z(8_EO?0


ML)+N/8RMYSU;SSO3U]9\P 
[I;'G;]\]2X4A\\CA46).R6'@' HU#:C4VM:P


M(6]0=Y')[0N8#]S;A^6S@!1U5XK -%*0@(Q(109
\UC9)2!%W94B






M


M=CT!






M9UM^BU)M=







M=W^]\I.\XR;0]H9NT_
Y/9F?2!]HT5U&#!0!4KW*Q%C]91[C7;DAE]S+ELLH
M3A





MO=Z]]3CH34Z/GFI3B


2![(5Q:(U/]LEI^UZH:+4H
PXD-S':CU!I00RDNK/!@I!)285&0*2P&&
M /?6MJ:#NJN'0H8:MM=P\'9XMW9=2^M@6+-AC3WQQF\Z[-L#ATH4B=Z=#8B'
\P2O*7RX<<A:#^

/7]ZN/MMO
M7JZZOY*G.$HY.(/^+![B]/OCC8=\_KSQB$V,,^Z82P,7Z'#FQH7C?S[%\N[=
MU82)S_7:RD 9!.N;4_B)E]HSZ57*=:)RV4<??
7)K1AUSRMU-KD9_34VZ2J

^_D/G
MGO\


MZ
R2U&XT(UC*




!R(!@J@1S3@0CMB!E5Z4(! 
U!M%H
M*C(@F K!# ;6U#YUAQ-2]/P$ \?-.H'YHM
TR+.\!E%RZDXF#CJEL W.:+J+

85



 C%3D9KK5

M2@9VQ84$[

M-
*5#'RF
F'9ZUQZ8[:H6BHBM&
0Q2 -5\G 7W:X)L/.R.NQ10418:(O2T)[







1&XX4C





-5
(WH9*G



463QTWZJ020H@#.


M48[O+


MA00TPI4
7*;B
I-3^S2A(

VTT^MA-@TS*ACL=*#EF6_C17\/
M\]
HQ
65U%'=!W4A

$H
=K@MJ@O8FI^Y! 14]$188#
(8I.$J
M&1A
Q6#ZP\YX
F'+JJ4JNL-@
-99





*N6 Z!/W4[V(G1[H]2)[:L
V6'MRL-8COH/5/T
!&5$9.A;^0=+G3HMS+8

MKX;@

MX-Q#C/
5GG_+C3IVB



M#J9:OAS7-$O?SY99*%/Z-4X7*A%^O%PE:J$BHZ\5O85^5UCHC(7.6#G64'18



NC!%UGA@


M/MV42K81I@P/I



V=^Q&QUP:BT!1%%GJ2-TR%<8P
M/B#OZ8R-$T(G9O[=N_RQE8.#J#K[:4BC\37]*%!!WAB$BY7
K K+B1@5\ZB

_KQ.[_/Q+29
E:DDW

RD0RQ#+G.TC65US_]+$
L


V?G&VS^E] 1AEX.+^Z-IL+YEB$ %C!/9I
MA]U>CRVHEDKH)5L@



:*J9S:\R57;?-[M)G(I

MU^#TK  28M;FA+NT)X:U5!H.D(&[P%TX

M.9G\P3QP*[Y(I6*E$AT'VM_LR[=#V^B2JKC ]B=QH2
_7JI7K_W8I-B4D \B
MKB1:&O\=((


MA(39KUPA83L_7CRP;8P;G+S7V


1*(

TG5#-SE
M+ N3(&X2S
!.!##6BH-!\C 7:KN

MD5B%


MZ.L32F:O(%X^Y

8C\E9!C&
M?M[I2J_)*,BO2D^G?;V2]FWSC#Y(3T/?&R^U+U1TK9,XRN_.OG_W=N5V)*2
MD9\_)

FG^%2:UA7:U[HI_
M+W1(M[9:)?&* *1J6Q1EG[$15_I:1?;PET3YF_NK%$7ELI5[+8IW=X0
?7B5
M*$/O

;WU

'K]MM/:F





3&21UO0ST]N?3]





_=,M-_;4Z=1M73-'A$LPP3:U
M9) 4[&A-IYUA?\*5%#3$E@Q\A@L):(0I&?@
UAVX@H:UD& V;$A (TS)P&Q@

M3!1H+1ED!CM:WB

!F;CAK60H+9L$!C3 E [-!#QIO*EBVYL#@VOZRM;T1MMFI






M)8



R\!DT:EQ!PUI(

26#U #S.UU!PUI(
M


M5$ACZ/\$)5/BXA^OWK =R4;JP(4$PAY3
D@=7*(%';$E Z_A0@(:84H&7N
2


A@T):(0I&9@-S
85


M6D@P&S8DH!&F9& V

S&9OF.URBK/:F%'!0C8'

]74;#6D@P&S8DH!&F9& V
!M7



G :URB!1V==R0.Z]S..D_,DEO394*
MA(Y,1C_[:COT9B[F6/3F@(HPTP!DD=@:JC+:%@+6;#A@0TPI0,S 9FXPH:
MUD*V; A 8TP)0.S@=FX@H:UD& V;$A (TS)P&PJB]YZ':\_Y$H*&CKO4!L6

M [.!V;BAK608#9L2$ C3,G ;& VKJ!A+228#1L2T A3,C;':U1A^Z!*RA(
MZ+QC:ZXL8^-/J-A04AJC4B-D%(B+4


MF.GIAK60H+9L$!C3 E [.!V;BAK608#9L2$ C3,G ;& VKJ!A+228#1L2
MT A3,C;':W)J6-LT(]C8VSG&A3=&U 3LWS]UJ;P31SJ0!1O%/D3KV1I=P

MP*9G(GQFEQZEOFJPA (9X(*]\



.J
QP




MSA&27$\GFC=/KUK*LS@


#KB'[/&_%0






=,:;:<*/7T/P&38DH!&F9. S

M]LENEQO)5



-!8O5


M#;$E Y_A0@(:84H&/H.5!*Z@82TDF T;$M (4S(P&YB-*VA8PEFPX8$-,*4
M#,P&/6B\J6#9F@.#:_O+UO9&V&:GCK!A[@T7%\+$@=:207Z B9ZNH&$M))@-
M&Q+0%
R
)L=K?ZX






M&U
R2! PV=


R\!DT
M:EQ!PUI(
!LV)* 1IF1@-FC4\*:I6L.#*R]FYDXS%(E$I5F223F6128_\5

26#U #S.UU!PUI(


M(0&-
4#KW&)%G1TWB$XK&\[(Z3_5,&5H3Z*]/INES=%F!UFP/2P;PD$%R
M@ 4'+J-A+228#1L2T A3,C ;F(TK:%@+6;#A@0TPI0
S 9FXPH:UD*V; A
M 8TP)0.SV=$:]CJCZ:G[1T)#CHVON;+$S8GQM3/O'XGI-UP,-



M 9!!?H#IGBZC82TDF T;$M (4S(P&YB-*VA8PEFPX8$-,*4#,P&9N,*&M9
M@MFP(0&-


R


MC3 E Z]QB19T=-Z1.*QS.R.D_\@DO355*A Z
AG][*OMT)NYF&/1FP
JPDP#

C ;F(TK:%@+6;#A@0TPI0,S 9FXPH:UD*

[ABCJ7

E%
@ %^R-)Q[86R/I

O&N
MP=





;M!7F62OC)5Y) Z,AG][O2940WXJ=6OTF<72V$O8<X

MKF2$)B8T^P2:O8)F]QQ5EGN'YKT])...(-7H0)'/=O+3^^0RSB(2;:)\I:]S


E%B
MJ229-T41^GTN=6*?/E
B
U:_MA\ZHC!0!(/BE95*A%G8CUY0F-!T+=N2IM?H



MWS4&.M\$D

I^

MORTU:3$P!YK
.$&DQ=

T1IW)X-031

V
M*3AXSUBMSV_%C^OI1/
6Q98F8]R[X19!58K<\8#IM.*00V]\A@V9U3
MND5O8[.+'
U^ES).-$Z
MPEI]=^EAK?X#U^H/L5;?$518J^\2+<8G'FMOJ

3I:8K[/-5


M:_0'^R'[@



ZQ.M!38?B .3^OK'&58+YW$-


B@L)&)6SZ&!4

M\.0N(BBD/0J!Z7
E4R36R)OMTUYV3]T%#@IJKX+@


4N7*
M0&:WSY83%
25#%R&PEHAL9N$QEHGOWU-7A4)!C_3&8+7

.UV#0




#RCW:F


M5&!=K







:_(4+B99J!/[B
X

D
MS\W*4IBM\QU?ESK2RVR9;^UL/U^^U6[!FG_W3[]^^O*N(^ANJEL/TU5N_EK
MT*'OS6_'/J9)DY@N80M7S
/X:[ZOYUQ'
O+M#K*KV&C[3!VZDC;BJ[3;'0NY
M6B7QB@A2F:14381
!842?U'LCONG*K]W5R:VO/-)^O8=]%297[Q'TZWY^7;'

M




=\^WW;ZEVT-]5_VCF=Y=#UW;]

%W:W5#L.1#5D7^C[JCO[








[.;@8[.*(Q,GQI[07V
M;5W+*W)^6.DJB:]UH



MTIY*C*@\OGWLKOBUN'VZ\T#;(VG]^)INC:Y$MU661I?2O%2B4Z#NPMI O[

'
[HD.


?'!GD9N=+NW$;CB4<4
(O HOUM1+8G5
=+]8H(4/#;




M2


I5)


C ;IW!!2%S)P&RXD(!&N)*!V3B%T)JY11.;]=L(?T.=%QLMT@

W*7J+N-3
MEPU0G79@)P((:U5!H.D(&[5-QE.
9*-&9

+LQ!AB$Z&C%A

MC()M%W@\(QCYGKA&)


MC)P  S8@@YS@#/M$U+Y-
13DGH+@

M$:YDX#(5EZE]2U\HR+'IF]C&]ZC.SU6BXT08E5QK7PD_48%.:QY)P/Y
CH[(


M.#HDB@



MSI-X*:3O9\NLH'';\IUB#([^(52'1R_UEGY^=BB1GQ2







B0

W]C#5T4!D]U[
M[TA0G@P<?YDYT!%\Q;T=_%L=0;#?=_&9R3;]
QFTAD/3TUMSG[PWK$!MI6B


MC^DR/6R/B0V?&ZH^;/C
D8H#
1&.YC(].!HV?&ZD]K#ALV/-ZSO7P&+?9][P

[(H+
M=B5L^A@5\WB;MB.3#^U


M_7LTKTZ(%C(*A%S&692*1/GQ541?'F I-'_E.=&+CQ5?31T*P(HO'BUX+/9B


M]UEB.VU$J.5

-LH!BF E-A

-##&K!SMFD[
ME^
P<%0=B(AS-97IPM <ZVF5GZ$UXQ$HX&A8U-ZF=_0X+F-U3
MF1


';4IZZ@QC\C(F?8;DS






M9^KG=6+]Y;^4-%DYPS*0J6([JQV9



M.]RER1.:^(/Y3R7#=%\N]^;'QN[TEI%0=Z9^;3K5C'.QL6=,'[37C+(&YS
M!2%Q)0.SX4(&N%*!F;C%X(B2L9F T7$M (5S(P&Z=P04B8XLD5TJ=(IUJ&

3N MB&*3A*AFX]R%,Y,S]V!BN89V?R/

M*
:($T6Q/ENM((IQ)8
HABC&B!-%
8^M5A#%6CFEB3^A?^=74X&0URJ15TI(


$C#

M




P7R\B&5\N ]'Q32'YE)]7Q]
MOY2J-S7LCH8/NJ\G(//.F&RI K$XO&.=$0MYK804AIY4S[5/%Q%J/E=^*N(H



<;&Y<VT?)
X




[ V%*
M

MLPKA

M4YH) )[E0P\Q0%(P^FI$]VAF]9&-'@+%Q)MU0B\Q0%(XW[=6Z=-\Y%-'@+
M%Q)MU0B\Q0%(X_XE5TPUZZ8H]DVIWP6HWAE]KU

M7DC,VLW&FOV^_??4)2PYK








(ZN5$(7]Y6^IB=

DG%

#&HL4T
MW2!+[/ORO*=R^6*VKOA*UZ4/T%W^E=&?@WRVKUSGERVO8[JB.E7)B-F:WI*D


M^_]1\3$[$:1#CV)L&5'AA^ON:=.U/?83TG\L&7^6:UOBC9Z6;G5;S#*W%=D*
M9UN_5E('MCY6-5A6^ 

MA7X!%RB=ON@=PG'





;/=^(LC)\+B9;&+[3X7: T'O
-82T5

WS

M2D7&GB.3GXO3%3]N#Q%)XFL=J$!D]'!)?E[''1_
#_NXHL\F




M/*0KO__R?F=Q0D]1GA4J&7)Z:[[^DI59Q''5-RVMM]?$O#Q


M02*_4KT.M9SI4*?KKOC9$BP_6-V'V6S+LZSE]JN*(*3M$6.^


MR








PX7: VQQ (&-3
8==L8MOES


69.0^&#1%:V:5CV.?EQ:(+0&5CLIHV

84FUW6 '



M1+L7


M?LZWLY2A.



.#0


M\Z*WTR&_RW)3/J/$Z
+UHWQB/+/M&ZLC5'^TOMA



A63F:+
MF!L3_@JR;#A (GP1 .3J9C




DPA
-;&;/9OKH(^9&A;^&




'U_-'5*-AS[OX\Y7X



M_FK$A5S&&7V;H+M(%W%FZ+/FU9N'8S]LV[=5]@=H_;849V.*I_M@&1&+B1Y'

M9



-!ED O@XS\XZJ.RWAOL;VDDVF)$QO0]R$D3U

)4K\
MJ$


L1#@J:8). 10


M)YE

=G[_%;VW:&(V?X;^Q;VVYW
MU ?;Z=C/_EK;A?2G[XS:J#MJM?L';]3=[
?.N:%Q[2[=

X;
MI]TZ_9[=QX+R-!MVM0$*L

%U108+IRECHF*XNT^F
M*ZK(,%U108+IRECHF*XNT^FJZ-.V9X^*?EQIFSM3FM 'J2/$GR
&YYY 80#

M5&2LCZF--#Q

MN;/3



GK
:(^#

M*?+BF129^TW(;W


M(I

JBV#YY


XUM\/MC*#)H2)V(2I!X\=B%=:)O3MOL6_K=G


M)0



M'O


5 






M8/=K-IUYV84+31JZ@


MG

-N^=.1LND:)3795(D#0^3(I

XD0-

[WWZS





E
M P4[/..Q88=''LD[ Q


MJ7'V;N8AHT

MK[E21^C#ZK9HLI

M


NV1D=C@RH(

89*DBPC5!%AGFFSC,#FWF&&B\DH=H5^S
MJ4S(SM=P$$ %79@5)'A(*!V\*9O#=M<*)08*@88$1

MY]PWR1 ;D6'#S6/-#ZR

/*B

79Y\%W\GL





MJ&D8@ PSS

&'!W+

=!
Y5:69%0]TFL^)%


M

MDR&3X67RV38)#+L6]W^OF-\)D,B9%@?X_^0N2TZBH_N-E#

753X:Z.Z-4Q
M;1%/Q/-!RQ'0J!#K?24R=#.\(H;K)Q*TW0U%A!?.X6
&EB'.$V%YR;) EIQ
MZR:^)=S(%\^[+7O[8SQW'F3P[YH'@,5X4W$KA?PVEUZ&]TWR,%R(/ M$* 8
M2[A6_1PD*IU:2[P%0\5/+EQGB:S66VP.BB3.4Y'FXS3P _@+Y#UU;R0T*+H[
MN[&41:\U4-KQ9[O??K.F-VD&GQX22%I(Q&GU*XG 3\*#]P79ZJ7B-LBFM7X)

M0A1A
 NP*T&D)#;)LSR1;_!SHB2


CO+-1=]&;!C0P7:+U!B@!&
M !\FB<!B!

MP6 &




MB


;A




M7+HPJCLWSW\@A0Q8IZJ;=_)39
5\Q.7O)?K7AGDUG.$?2^A(A#-U\:0^Q4;V


$V0A499AMF&U.@(;PO]5B'8B\
MI_Q
MW'):9NS)
_VYED+GS$L*=


1H_Y[+')RZW.D(MVF@ 5

=<W7S=6X

M?H&GO MC[^M?__2=$'\IKWP?SV9!I@JFO8W\]_!X

U]PK O_'9Q__

M=+%C[XX@O;H@'\]/N\F% C^MUJU-EU6JRUJA*Z6I)^*Y
VRU-U04=SJMT=8Z
MT^DF'/8L;(N-KQX21%Z8^UBC6$@  UD5&XREBU7]X%1F65A6D(^P_^2@O!
M-YBEEBI;CR6.O3@M=


5YT@D\*_^$'DPF 788^X4)
DGA67%@)\++K



$2]O@INH9&S



$R_PUUII\0^__KQ2


D'78U4L;ZW:


_(\0U]$$K4)QU$B  E#8Z2;
M1(I/X6F:=@

MZ*_5OAB'P[L\##$F
))5+P&5M9TR)*H&O=@'\'4NR!Q^TLX) 01IYRFZ W /
M\:WVVI&^#N^!*Q$4MW@33HN
4=54:I0KV@ .I5E^ 1P:J^X
UJ
K\8J=R=



?
M@I1/D==2@4CY_3OW*\8P[^



YU83H\MPN!A?N

MBEPJ2;AW9%Q
SL. 3MRZ



M7):88$^FXC\Y]!?T9'G('!7P[K:X(P9-IQ] -B5H


2

M_H0K0Y9E6S:%Y1_E.%%[^W5D!2?#&CIJ%PO.ZB=2=7,.ZZTE!VZ&Y!O DA
M-BK69O2&!!4GJ=4.-TF@5_L^%.1H#8H(QF05KL'*QAU-\8=&*;RX!-KE\C



[HJY&F7




1BQK#L;L_9MNT8^[AV$UH9 ' $9X

MNUHI^R7PO@JE!T=:)3MPZT\]@/H_

!\]7WS.=



^^?
OCF;LS:O)QBI+LQ[V%;

M0TR.



Y+FWVQ!L MJ.R^[95=_FD

^3S'BH8P) GQZ)2O




ML*'*%5$5 %0A.=Z*.H(B+=7DOK55
Q1*T?%W_$*$



BU
MKI3E3JDJZT6*WQJQ0O^#-(TAW?-H1%H :# \ILGY]I-E,]&:_#.%6'*A*I

ML]30Q;T
#M9#583=JBA;*J7RG2NUE3.X/5.WO-B18-[%7]TH3K\&M7GP!T_-

MU#+



''
MGB@N5EU/Y#6
=57EK3?BA?

 JX19

MW6NU6LSS)


'^N9GWJ5'*7=E;:HM]9YPH+?1CJ _SZNQMBG%6LPZNRT&C'2VA@
M!+%\\.I/=YZ)6ED]]V\A^+H%:GIT#0-%=2G^7_P30(,O?O[Y-W7'/^(IM#6J
M7?[A+&PVFG[&[;&BU^IMY98EFC
\TS[1:4Q#^]@7E
J^QJB

M7^4CE4'5BFR74X9E.:2[ .PRC_A/-5^]HE]_DS'$K.LW'OR\I2.:S(7PFX






M9
!VX@DP]M;J$3\WB#






M?



M;$54D6&FH8($VPA59)AI:DS3Z5CVH$T6*[8BJL@PTU!!@FV$*C+


-E0

MU?T:%DL#C_(SNNC5%P=K^PT%QF.&99PO;[7:OG['L4A
WH1+B\) L(
PP5
3U$&\+P53RGA9\0*TX5 AOI+PU K[USC4<.


GI





M

5\9QW1U67@R75%%ANF*A)

M;!+3E.VG1DQB4LO/R[$ +\HP
AP4' FN/P\=VZ&+%UL25628;:@@P39%1EF
M&V8;4ZA;4G



5B:
MOA?5B(G



:Z3A85Z[3/28






DG@FXKE



$0@Z7I





ME\D+I%1B 5Z5:2XR'!0LX;+[UF!T[M2Y;$3F&1$3#14DV$:H(L-$LX1K9/5&

MEM/?=Y1[ZKP_&QTE6Q\!N)C::

YM1QL?





M$TG#PYS(G
$EH1





%.SPC

V
M366V=RWE)TALBP1U^3 8L*=TA]FW1LZ9&@=LQ(J' C?I4^,&H GIY@B@S3
M%14DF*Z





M0S+!(?M=ID72\# M



LH
MQ5M2F66AQ#

(HS35*:MM?*ON:@'/!1;.%OX70MWV



KE=#;_?;;UX43AS?
MD.%Y
K@D?5E+X?G(H'A=S


6!'QX[N4AU=SS0C8X=X?JQ8X.SHS(!R

WI&)\3&/G
MQ^ @
V(/R1[RTCSDAZL/FY;Q+KOC-$HP
#F81 Z
#O]2PZ2@O
KI^0V^%Y
M?/H4P0)G!K@$H$E-C+ #-



RM8SE#QQJ.'*I@<JUBPL@P#1@8'YB?KI8?K+MCM4;[9M!
MB?FIR8Z182 ! _



(VU%@;8I*A
M @

M-M18&V*2H0(#&PA)9)ADEM-EN+O#V7?]C&VHL3;$)$
%!C80DL@PR2RGRWH#
MJ]MGDB$&WT;8I*A @,;$EDF&1JTV5=J]-O4T6*;8@P

[$997Y
;'2Q86*[2/28V!Z7
V74MX:\
MR=\(K
@8']
:76R8UBX2/::U1TY#VE:WQZ

B
^(!C.@


$3MA(Y4?Q=ZK_XN
MQ%]H.RA9Z








MCSR2'^
\R:;L]8P#[E2%(DY?O$4OCUS^CK K-Y3IGH9T^@)(IV
I2AC0KV6D
M5SL:N(\.U].I@L+6006(';:N\G9C2HB-5F+M T&[=!]H6TZ[:W5Z#E4TS[QL
MQ)Z1*8H\$$Q13%&72U&C3L]J._LFD66:JY?9((B @03%!/4!1.4/;0&(YLJ
MEDQ09)%A@B(!!
4$]3E$M2P#P1E[YM APGJC'YQGP7TTR?T:
H.IF-71Q

\&M

$2
M:*B)

$8 -)PB L$3_$8#' JS&]$ &BH2;]&( 2
-AS^JT]]W!R[;37*_&


 *G;:UO=

IGK=6&@I2;W1 TB

MWW3X_#&?/V;K( I$0RF?=UD: %*[Y0RIXM14PS' I3&W$ &BH2;W&( 2, M
M?/:8&8&N#3F%B) --1$F%L




MZR 1$,IGG=7&@ 2GSBFAXD!+HVYA0@0#341YA8#0#I@O9@-I[DNC;F%! -


MRNHJ/[C90T(K OG^

@+W/!3





K%
M-WQ+_P\ <\%]P=5^^$2^-O-1 )=!(0:B*]^#H*U_P++P]C-

MFBQB;!0^25\#+FNF7YVG*;P9FA[?MI;Z]!C]L)W'*(B&.


MY$);(F @@&D6? .EB/():( &?)R#1LHT%4E2F4!R??2=Q/QV9T'?FJ)3_&M
M*Z7XGFWVVK#(\(0\+=0M_^07B:R6




M#%ZE'CL%KI70'@AJER[J:.52C-EOC@7AB\
:1=C7S?@ZN.P\!7'ODW^.0M
YWQW4&:E_^0)0T&I$(ZZ6# B<







N[


\4.)K-/7$XCK!YU:-@A%O^5QL





R#--P





MD&UUAB]%#8;X;0MX%).ARQ?5;!)!Y91S#+:[=

M[%)YM956XPKX6()9;8R]?JB(K9AUJ[U(#;!6@W]-H*7S6?4@EZZ;*G93(T%T


M .5


./:H^+\-PD45
C
MQ2



X@'P#$'.0J)4KM8EFS;M75?3.@]

6R

M3M]&/O[STW]R








?B+R.;B=Y$?;?O!_7SG8N3
MC.


M

V[IBLA*$$AQP2MQ.'N.&!:LF3]RS&]T)E^A
'@K


5D=Y:CUMU





2+?2(


:GZ(Z_
M/-8EN[;

M1CVZF28::CH&.#6F%RI(--1&F%Y

8* 8X-:87*D@TU$:87DQ


(FXJ%(U7K:CW/IFZFN@(O
MSE5!PSS5@DBDGQ?5YJ\3+)3MULN-WJ_VK4M.J@+7]=J36)ZQJK!95F/$DH38






-6
M
55V^9L;C2@R.^0=P#20X H4QD+7W2W:X

O96T
M]
X3I*7?++
_A;)UM/W%OX-I


MC\O6OJ7*P7U8S^M_ZI4';H


/&]6Z

MVX$Z+['[NNH9#1?#V37/CX$A;IX2-NSER2/YOJK4V4PW_Y

MX(E-Q;+/\3=D#RK5:RS7/Y&%

Y0

$$Q05TP

(.*Q26


M*#P
TA&7@71S*#^[UX)O%[_




M&59'5=5ZP5+@*K@;]!9U]@&5_J0
I24^@@U.]KX0KI)NE?M6%0&52V9ZEV

M+


MNFYQ76H6%\HLD\FKHO[FZU?MEK-+E'!:.\0

ME
'_5^L.@_FH=.@7&5CTJ(QEH!XSILJ.U8.7M5 EEC95E^HGB@C5;452^C
M_3/7FX+E%F5TY7_R8(YFJJ@&6'+3JW3YUT+5=7

M!V%-6I1 2_R&)7S]P!/SZ2)5;[XCS/(6_6Z@:%00Z5M566%=17CERJ 
! H9



QBJ!/]=40+PL#$^PO6\?);K



CO(._
MW +Q)0'Z%D
]\1YC W:;U

 006)
MPMTUT9OMF_+A?-9Q\9PO1 &Q]E2_(3RC,+ET\S'/(F+$^D)2;!-_R@-SOJ

7-/=4HJ(ENCFPF* X+V%X(@K.M)AH?0S3_&&*YCWO]
MKEH


MUNW)\OQT9J6N.AMM6OWPD_NGC9;=W),[7.&_TUB/.2BA?E&4IUFB7.4[@P



=@_1)34R:+(JEL*J3K

M8HQ9)=09D*Q
;1TD*P^;!O.B1

M4MP&\HODTC5J87:D$O 5:^



43_ Q*(Q-@

RXEN4?


MXE$I%ZOW*Y5(9.69U
C[8<E8I7Q._E$8X*W)72$@^]2]D(ZGP49ZA$
CUDC4TM^K@F+0!^$5]1$ORJ:H*L2P<-7







 %7-O+ZRRN\O/J5F]&1
OO

T%IF#_%J(),MT@MGZN^Z(:I:I@H-XRZW=,C<BU-24_K@H<^@$I

Y6
2*0WBNGPR56KR%3MU7\R-U_)9
M3



*B%3&I))(W#(MXLUAP



V4Q5=B
M

*WKI4&YN%E


AZQ
MX()4FO#1H.36HOJ[TE1NM+;*+2LVG8IET ^W^DLD&E:G:EHW^GS+/Q3/$^





FY


$U]?:6%+H+^Y=-]B EPZ6RMHH

M^Q]AY$^!_F8/W%.1O


-L4K+%$


JS) YY/GFI

F4\3P0XUT5-VYR'A9=&[\\%Y3SXFHI*Z'V\=/2'
MBS
^.^0C:: ZZ\H#(N=WU40N?//!

MA?G2

M


MEF4A+ZU?L5M

M$X'0-X\




I_;4XOIP0;RV4KNZ4)BA6I[G)VQ





M2A9&\I*/M;6\; Z7)4D]82L_2VVOU

MQRLS4;HNY4

4 R_]0#HOL@BPR)1/52JM*GUZ5ULZ,M.91)VQ_U,MMU6FIAZL
MM='P'ISN6;AQ;VG<2(5C+_$H;5B*)H3Q 
+
WB\ZLEZP@61:'M:?$/ERRA/

X_NSQ\F#TEM
$O!P]HC
MQ=(I65KS5I''K- JDL#EV^D2E.)Q+

U#5FKF

M.0%+9T7

M
AB'^2Q508U4Y\2[TRF7.:\J2IL%UT4!&QGB25








M
HP
%-!XQF


MZL8*B@Z*SAPDW^EC;



8$E+:.D$%N#(N0X3C=_B-D




M9_ H+=H2JD;BDVD8WW/.)MP/O**MO)P%\:







650M(G[C?Q




M/_- [-!D&^X-QE7

F14-FJM*


]5]5Q.
MV[Q[NYJXYUI9&VX@Y4)-Q$9&*14Y&+E?D?(]


MB)MS5XBM^N;]:W83WXG=7&+)[]ZS/\6F1( LM=IM.6N/'U8=_+\^O%L8O59Q
)39.:F
K9\$5

M3^5N4V[[U&:+:\OTPUNM;L

MOF
Z
Y/CZ#J6TUL





C-BMAB
MZ*4MF20M]DSQ?#3B*]J]+N0XR1C2?^3V/$H62F_.M7OHGGT+M9$)F0VS5YJ




4H_YW+%



MDXB5\.#[BR:#8 5Q9=5(2H62#


MDJA0H%5H/H^GL]WNBE%9LV$)F78GTKB7?Y)Z95%]EH[R0CT(8YZKX)U\LIMH
M=I.[A9(^'@O\@QU&KB)8

MD\2_]



&8#5NKA65_L8KP3A%#4[JLM!@F?')5




7
8QIYV0][=\*CJB%:L-TUD


J#_YAD')!
E63D_+%_E8;=




M:IK=0=HQ4H,% /4(@B*A(@*!!4HPFJT^F2A1($1149$!05)$!0(*@&$Y1M
MG8.@J(%RJ##AP1



M[* :^.+%5I^&]@&1UX_! @-LI41H4 0E\

MNMYFU@82S.3;VN=G';)(MC0U\Z]D 0$_44$_&0L=.GYR1 G]&UUD%/Q  !
M/5%! O1D+'2@I^=LGT;@)VJ8K.$GDCV=6NB!I5NO'B8$%21:JKT




DRL.9:.OLN


MR@9W[53A'[

2=E $;SET?R&+F+-@0:'VW?H$WRY.CQ#Q E'JB@@3H
M?348'JRK:Z#'&%BH!B@%D%05)  08&@&DQ0O7.'+)@)ZK(@)ZH( %Z CTU
MF)YLJS-:T!BH!PJ1'CPY(06A@@)-[F #4$$B9:JL6U-A

#HDT$6 #* NB/






P+!?Z@7VS$N_F

ID]'IK






$NJ5ZK

M+:O8PL5((S%M[(T;2FZB(6W(CJH? T

 N
M


M

M'=NA+(*ME# #E-HB@H2HG0%&@*- 7E)HBC 1HC358)JKX\:(L96\6EA
ML)!L%1\8$&20:*D:(UO%I[ /0/_R;1VKW]VV# E$I[U*#?1!8F6R@CHQ024


M0\FH-0=H'T
4@

?H0[052+4U+YZ'-
MS1(D_^%&N9O<,\?:I3''WOO<0!'6C(&RW-!_%=H.V@[:SARS[^#!KH.Z12F%
M'^^?'GW]0OAF-*QAJ::=%;X? 9QA\+4V4H8_
 9VM  +DU [H0$Y&PP=R
M

M]!3K[KGE=

MKW'FALS+$_F^S$U3GFV[DSNV8W*I\@0S&G=2]K'/\L#(-ITZ^V(SV-^Z\=Q^


O_Q]9+]T&ZA6R1Q.Z#=D1\-&$#T?MB2*#.C!$@  Y
MF0L=R,EH^$!.-R9 YL.W(6QF*R
)Q/F\ZN




MMB(#=;Z/5.FG:19[WV[B4


R%^?LUS7









MZ52+9]3CGNJ/SD:/M+]:)$Q?]Y2)70%1O_\^J!IV]@(]GPU[.V&T!T2JLWP5






U20:*EJHSL*5IM)\ 


ML!TETU+A0:$8P!(IWUKU-VV0R9$AYC7$S0#FFF;K(!F# I:P^M;F?;.N:0

DN

&@#2T.J.Z

 
GN6^?(

!FD@##L:
M8@I563\&FZE*@ (5V RHA;VLM =<W%3


'O@G73G(-K:!LH&!NDG$[ 24'#NF&3P^OUM._Q =(AY6%'9$C33

M+14:T(T!('7MOF4/03C$8#&\N&/S ?K




MN;VM40#1::]2PRZ4+#0M%1KPC0$@G3K6P-[VP%$AUAD#30#FFF;K(!F# #)
ML2V[@P1/8J@@P9,X0+IL9Q#=\G0_)]H;FLE)4W00P#')'D#P\]CB\S]#QW8@
M/Q2AH:W9L DETU+A0:D8P!(_5Z/*DQME1L#-!K(ABPT+14:D(T!((%LR$%B


M@KP;:HB 9Z@B YXQ *135/(DB IHAAHBH!FJR(!F# #IM-NS^LZV!;H@.\?G




[!FPD: :!





MNOK
LECG
F4MKY
?2^+;(#^S@3-8

?]7&#@EE3F)7
M]'!;M% 0%P[1MCI$D5AEAF6#QIZT%'WF*Q:B




]E]G.




*96D^$8
(N]KF$G%(<^

L^*\*-SZ*W5HLXIF
P;K%53+B


M%#0[1$&S+6J2K2IJ-KMZ6?&R\R
4+UL]G;6)^YKB




MQKLT3O52R!ZA!!^9L.\FY@@*D9B'7G?CH#&L$_FV=J]OC9QM0UW-CR53PHJ
M^(';2



M4520 $6!HII





K:6&C'('+#^97N),ZCC7<DR+M
S=[\
TD



M;U21T18$# 3YMJ?=K2NB0(0.A

I#X-
DGO(DN[?8
M-!27
C?R&?\S#Z;R@IK#'0.O%+SZ@ Z[JS$JW4E0:@U]WXM M

MG4KW  PEG


2U=2.N;2L!'Z&\6(N1



M^
/1IO1@B1Q+VEOMU


Y.9[ ^ZGEFZ95H\F;K1
M/;MQ??7[. [#^$X&*LKV9[


/NU-HMH]L]






M($-DD0'/4$$,D(4&?#,#*S!T+('7:I 083((@.:H8($9(0H,J9^7;&[EJ]

M&QAUHH0:(8,$I 1HLB 9BJY@2-K=([M##%83_1V'R$?H^CEUX\F?*



M*DZ0(++(@&6H( $9(8H






O2/6514HISBI32V#L]6FRI_H8KJ
M@H5R!%R;;L(
1HXUZO5IZ-C-%6PKA9*

C


MRE^5/[QF6H

#
W

H?=YEB?\60D_]A$2?E8#
M02W?YYT8]\3-N

MPMUQQA
6$
T%6KF0VYF]\Y2AOV4B0I-BOL5.0*YP$H%WHD]FX#S#/6&]!ZD
M]RSFG,;C=F;XSV;E(2R09:/@=ZY)Z/CS?=





M/(2A.^S!T#4%+@B2:4&N0Q(4)80NW?1FB3D&CS$MFA'6T!$L]HJG9'5W;JX
MH3'
!;:;^NK@G*H]N@X/FQ?
NFHV1LW'?/\X+JC_!!!DN@51+8_!!M/=HXU


#ACPQ,VG4-L:
M];;ET+W7]C&A\RYI^:29L]>.6-L\+85X6!9L+)($5#15E=E6P=%C9I-BJK
M=?:3#IPG
*'3'
+C4CF

@P4C)[


M@1ONQDW'##(BR\;4316R;#:%M&_9H[H32I%DTX3-&'AO*6R_\XPE3\8.#Q@T

XQ*TT5YK4.6U]I3$:Q5%;;6


=I:0C8$5-#R$P_E)SQV)BGY)[M
MOVB@WONW&H
.W


P%3%
#! R
M
[!2/YS_+S
WY

M+CC1!'@@34;!M=3UM2-DC=\ .J.S$0WX(&U&21NXBS0\2UU?S\&GZ69[6PJ@
WX0G










.MK[:.M5

;N/4Z9V J8I@8(&1@*BI(.)NINS;JMB_B2GF_EV$0




]G





MQ6;H-
C0CM;FASMU .G5EJ)TA(*NAZ

M.%&TBBPR8LJ2(M3(4.;-4H.
%69)$!6U%! FQE*G1@JT;!;8BBPS8B@H2
M8M3H0-;-0I.L-5^PXH'#^GO*:QH=\_.R8/T
;OA?/R1,:^:P[5PZJ@DFT$
M769*A2%M*\ 4D&]K6_WS 56@VBHY!N@TL L5)%HJ(V 7 T:509P(#\4H:&M






 ?FVIX[5V[KZ!$3G





M[3YAZG'[HIZ O9!855YNHI#?T=5V82$-3KIHL:!(\8G9D2@XYS4FCC:V;C

M6YM*&X 
V(H*$F K4Z$#6S4*3K 5663 5E20 %N9AW8JE%P@JW((@.VHH($
MV,I4Z,!6C8(3;+7?V.+!X_I[BBW:W;-S\B!]S&YXPKP\D0'PFN/ULJHI!Q!








!'*Y49#G7

M_%04^5L^YDFBW




MHT)@J .A4G=3&A 3B
E4Z$!









 PX4@

/I@])D
;49TF)@R3?K+/YGX-/*]B*#F 0)YKH[)3FL0[/
M5EO^9'NQ;)@-LC]@FZYF;6M@VR0T[.



M^ P:LWD:$[V?# .

MCP$9=B1CNP :&XP7-#^09)ZT02!DG]&*#]D]GN%K1_HH8(_6
&: :P$KSE
MS0!8N'.6&*2K%NDZ-C&A$0 : 315-SI6;[LBH6@!0$







MVQF.G.$?LOAOQ^YTU0^VT[5/?I634
S!CS^LU#@/6E-)4 ;392JH-AU271^]
MLWZO.$[T]8:+Z9A
W;@^$U/*QG$H)EY(/O/G[5..<3B@D3\:<R3A/OL
MVA5_8F[DL]-03#Q/7[ X8I[XF?OSM&AU@;PY'X^YI^XXC1.Y)-3=O!LW$C+


W.#4!:FO8K%H$_+QXLA93=QGHKWTB\7\4P^(W._OW@UEZ%-5\Q1!?N'



Z_EK
\_[R0



E&W'Y+&V80W(A(1VC:@(I+)





/[(UGBX!K_G/

M^H.K*7&B?TB

MXN6UBN9'

N[0!+0_;?29H%P_O?
ME\?_6TFKYNBF/[/&VP]Q#N1UWVZUA=-<&N5GI5'MCK=H(SCK!BBI+9ZG7L*

'AW5FAU'N+[I2@TIO:W\&9$?F#_L
0M%T1O;JN9)_\TH
^_LP]OY^]_0)8V]^





.Y


%K&EI@M WTGB@;\VD!WW#<JV)IG?@+K2G**VI<=7^?;K0GJ2FL9D%#C8
1&7N&



BY?A;@]J#
M@




MP
MG-YLD;LANW)3
Q@.=C7-*I)3:C4#VK'KT.EN?=F :(N_6


E-[R  61TEO/8VRC

M(ID;




M
%XM0F<-
=(
'DP(2&.#/R)+!I&!:V;





ZGZ(ZG&=H7U<V!S!XX?)AZ9%!$98'+,=H#5.HB!H6^#4%D2& @9 E Y$I

A24IMNZDEFC7
&S[5(AN6
())2P*[(2BE*;*




M0#09%'!W:H.!MR-/$@6BB8@?MJ-+.8_;L=A?,^Y

1&:!RVH;_6[=M31@1#AQ58S0IRB=B
]Z*!A-
MW4ZPD08RF 8\MM;L&V:[:NT1&)&V1@25(8$!!D*6#%2FI#*.






M-E
O4VRW.NUI


M2'Z:EG1D7]V
K]02&O9XPL!-



MNFQ@-53)0']*X2%.W^A8';*L8$4'/:Q#5M:! #FMSC.6\BB($_%^)OZZ/^'

MN^7TUAP!V61/4S%EH!N5 $='E0R.@);]7N7*?# B?8T(TJ-2ZT

M424#QT:7#:R&*AELPY6/@'I&N]
GRPI61)4


MJ
3+:G4&R 
B!D4!(X+T( ^(-BC;M*INQ


M5


M6IXF[

Q-17.#G*F8;+1TO 1Z


O[JWOB




)8C)W0]%OF\^N

MC8BQIF:H$\#,(2GZ4(/X6D[SD$MHSU 0I$*J,A8'\1.,6 0NV;2@]CMAK37
M-KK]JLW,(7;4K&_?+9A#[9]MV(+QXXEL_6VW]-N^?/XFRV'!?BK2:ZE!Y
D
M@&O5_'

VZ;A=]60R8+'#



(P??/9#D'KQ)


M:75-RW3R%Y;M6&?OY'U

H
VZW.K/Z

M
B5L2AVS(1I:.7K+\Q$$0S]&U#$&9M7$GV


7UV
W.B&3\-[.+M)XC25+F *)=^5

_


/*/3A)OY*;Y9V7TDON3S:Y#
MO).R'SP

)#^6-F/PNX;(R63TI'Y_X=NQ&]_D(
M_-:WK=[O8B3OQ

MH0RXE%-%
=/\IQM-Y
3;-O(I%=FMG%R\F@^G&5NEV :E1
SN+$T=$#ZVN4IC
MUS3





M

MB!TFB 6QP]0)72XJ!) ]!







M?N-FG-W.AU(&//MB$

(Q_







QZHZ!8 -*38%P#; X:8 M2=F8@I ?;$)]T65

$R;[)XF; B[ #0)B2F 177BCD $1!P7U3)8 JPH.48=J]J]U^8
MD&(S@ ,7HCD'O4.2M



ML6.Y(-



M
VO7?.R!6065@URX-?7(%+


M;MA
UKC0^#X5X$]0?TQC


MZ][@(SR[C=Y8!+$HX!@A451(0*(@40V6*

%1*P$:IDH#
EG1ETC4$/2D



#XH&VD\4+9FTH.R[:AL?6/0']#PE9 VI:-GT1T+W;%4




M^H2Q-Y/TY8WKCDN7\'&231+^5Q %MY/;/[F;\B_N?=[G2GSSA3L.
C?
WTZ7
MOX\%_MNSC]_%X])Q[#
F[D

M.SDBTP%Y^F1;4!)+=[S*



MOVB-TH-[N$+XF/Z6(=DMIUUW1

'&4](!.12'VGQ(G^

M]H?*]+#]L7


M(V3G.)#VH.[T.FR$-&$C9-

M@5?Y$IOH*+/UD8]C#)RZ]U[04.8(
YUM&LH\.D)+ _)LEV=URT8RA^OD4G2&
M66Y


]6Z3$3/FMH9-&/3#1MJE(@A4&FG8T''Z'?)
MEMQH!+-07





H_4 MGD2UU9L$I\21+



;[GD?\QB-Q(



M

0]%=&Q+!(N5A%%1%V!XS:/W[DJP')Y@4\R+XBG


6L
M:]-Q



CLELM_

3EVD0$ A(8_U?(2!SEW<1I]GB7RN<HY8BH:\0D$&@;
F_!TO#







SZ:1+.)I]93% 7P;IDG
M=3C$39_



W(R_Q*9=D_%&74IR74[[F;I/DY?W[:WS&8&_GR5=O(@P.\
M^';L1O=L[ I7*]\8QF$8_Y#?X


4OG3(&*?XXSGF=IRX.5]+17?+48BR 0#K[B=



M-2XR3R@
B




M&?4S


M

M-'
C.0K

8\%*?%1H@8
NF&HB:Z[W90:U63D


M)Z11 3RP)BSFFJE8%!I4P
::7FQ58R6;%EMUY?T?)%KV!&DZ&N
BDZ:S[9I\
MY6H

M

8]2

MYW[ZE7L\N./^QR2^7?R=+^[]K;C!\Q]NXJ?+7\H_^W9Q^\?J=MGS%/W*/X


MMYS]&!V 2'F4K^/07RO/_:W\Y='9B

MH3%276B8V;/336[)0(K4YX-7!UYD@M7UZ%A9G!U]3/(71W&'Y





M^2?&[GT\R9B;_EK54_XX?Y!^Z]NV^;O\@K]B/Q@&/)F_;?V^OLYG'0]Y744]





MEE*U_@FH[5G?D%(U31K*YUIC
1AR+
O94N
Y:YDQQ;CKC615+?D)F27EY@ER
M:_.BJHQ2=3LYEL#^)AX
 HE7/9J)5]UN:]!'XI6XL]P)UKR^GZU
NH_D[1P_
MYXJ2SBNP2]9N]:M;4;

6]A-N7NE# D*B1@2.O#Y08;*H61C

$QYS5X_9-A:O1P(H92\


M^Y5MO;)-:T.D






AG&O]PX)J



M[MAJ*#@H'D\4#)GC*+@RN#(E.*%X/%$PJA\L-9\0BL?38Z+ UHZF_@S5?56@
M9%NM]H L*4U-1P&G!GFA0D)3&X&\J$#)&K1P5K

&Y=JZ[5??OK*_8C\8

HTR[SH/H_\E

M9#_$)0[=

MZ9LS
NNPQ;H2)BV39L:DY;3

M3YTSE ;.4
*':#M94K-SA.:

M 0UGBRS


JJ&V?0

KE.U7!8DA+53  *^#E(E&JU,Z!,NY1!;Z-=!S$D
MCA%R!

/4



;@;BH0
















\/E'<L/S6ZZ_<O
MQ


S-V#47




MU 


M$QB%( $@:&-AKIG P82&& @),E :: TJJ A;4A0&BH8M#00+&44@ 2!H8T&
M)?T($]HN*O  _7Z1.D!BJH  :&W)8,Y0@JTJE:6AP$=0ERTN^8!?(25
2


PSYHG;$#_ZRH=OSR[DNY9E]P=V_[MM6EW3
IW\A64[UMD[



MRK.!IZ


?71;%DU#A1EYMU;M94(W
&TB
O\A/K@4NEY+T#*F


$84#:&A!$A@H)76T$2Q@%(-EFRZZ[US4L!W47

M]V@






BI@FA%$!/+ F+.6:
IC*:<*6(N$8I%% ^6<GKBQ5+NT$NY3MV5[",2IDFA%$!/+ F+.6:
MJ5=B*6=B\U$%4BH79-58R8J6Z\R-?.;S(4^2 X?-GB!I1V-Z9))VMEV@KUR:
M88&N+-Y?%^A')MST8_C5%V@'SLW-,=DJ8)850 #ZQ)*5Q8J2N/$!:G%[H



MLNS^P.Y_MTVK:UJFD[^P;



?6=7JO=WZN50HEB

#*ZN?@:YJ\.8PX4I07+APMHT
MS(=@ RPRL*AWOUIK@=/]B.:?P;QW0S?RN$S4O^;BNB
Q'$2Z7*UWCT=4+$IL

42$!F5(6'61JI]54W17$H5-*EE[=/TRL8=B*


34OJ@3 V/8):8\'\3_YM



MK&C2EDYNQ86+ZTA9)G[LB1%VH_OY3E;O]U2

M&
JH?.$@O!'[X:9



M@88.ASVC)9.]A//7PX3JHI^#OLX1
D6%!&0*



MUX:@

M;_F+627


[L&DX66BB&DX7FD@:#S01F@A-




:S W



UX


%C$O<N@B57GQDAS397BMU0YX:+^-
M[ACLFH?Q#V12T&1V%6=N*!)SW*6N3^I'E[B&)D,:0Y*QF[A.SF;6?I';OJ

M-#PE8HS4L#T(&VD\$+9&TH.P[4;4
9P^@F=5($7&]B!LI/% V!I)#\*V\XH-


9002J@J

M/$J#.&)NY+-QG&8)SX*$WXIKG9WI

-2D'A(A@02XE5%A\SX1N'4





4
+ 'TOAJU^.K'[Z%JQDMRYETWD^V&^




MA'NAFZ;!


)&XX42:J.$EF
X



[O;/J$O#TSSYC'



KZ47E?_T980+

M8:Z7!7=BLB:N)YFD!=QE&_=NO(O?1-3R7RNE\K9Y(7\GH]A_/=PR667[]Y



(


*S!KDW7:
GE-W75C8
MD'HV!)VA0@(V0I4
=*:T.FT;IE6U+1&
B-BV*?1%'R^FJ6DH0 ;ZLL!E&3VK

DOF7N%E&M-9]#T$DZI(15





M)CTHVVY(Y3XOVKZJ0(J


ML1]D]_F0)ZZ7[=S#K\H@'^&9?E)Z#@IWB49\:
1'8VY
)QRG/
KDZ^JCD84*


M9KMJD=WFGQM30D4X6Q.*1MDG0M%4I@=%VU'1'


M
?8U'[^@$%)SCZ91*FIQ]<HA+0M
M:K$D[U9-3CIV5P402+I<R&)I/% $B&)D
3]HKXZ5%O 01))^EQ((FD\D$1(


\<3]X:S5 )(\Q*YGAMZL@ZR_+9KB23_

__2X
M\!OR2XMO\]W
75]_MPY;0+%=%-NE&DI )TZG/
KDZTBA?)L*)%%LEP $N#KE




M7\H+T#A8P?&UNL?7.)U6CYZY*L\*$Y:U2&VS;W0LA&:IP(J
^4';2..!MC63
M'K1M1VVS3*


M





M#HI(TN5$4GC@2)$:&(^REBU6UP+16Q@#%CL0E;O;O@KS)7#-[\4WYP5V&$





XGYWS7N3HBC(9C=%:A.D.YY/


STIX7G^SD\X:7BK?3E=*0_T'8:PC1[_AW_Y469EUP+
M=_&[8V^.6P21OK(X4_I-ZGGA1
WRG_IGA2=E'EC-([B(=Z^/6OJQDV%H(IIN


GX3AE%S;3HS;[(P=WM_CR-]S
MG_< 9[DQJ0 A4=.XMFO.\/1 YCD#4P)SM[UAH]?BJ=1@5R(:O07%!(UU0C]

M
O6^PH[J

MU^@Y+5A4Y6J':W.?=FWN@Y;5SM?F3L+XY./&:L^/^@.%K_@LTS3

J@
OS_U7D%[JMPBU:D+AYVTHDE7S@TL/
%
MNTK_



M1JTN8@:!0H)!#)7
(E-@(F#NUFD

M#\?$+1YTN&L

U/O?E


MJ6YX]?1KH)8?_C@_H6;^J8VW_I8?'[#7LW_R6N+OV:)5%YO#?\RZW)E




=05^50U\60&4-=^0SR4

M@N0ZA.U:[_+4HY[E3^/P$*O*+M5@8OQB.K/%'V6R57@RWS(#K7$Y2D=HD%

M35%
B#



M#-VFL$Z@VV@/6+X)1H7EF^B$3J=QD@;_YZ5!')WL*!_.=:)X#F=IZDN&V8!5

%6
/IY@U1.1?L,=EKWYYU;
M*\9)B@\ %YT-$P^=K9KTZ&P/0]II#/L#C%!)9[-#?'0V:#QTMFK2H[


M-3#1;9G3

M=@59&
[1[[
L
9



M@DC$Z:5

JFQ%V]KN\
K

M#YETQ$KCI2/NF7FWWW&[7:@




Y]@7CF+HSS4
=+*?6[]57D[S%SEYTO=I,J?]*B=F\_<7, ! Z? C/? 



#

DP(5CC&K1W


C0:%!+4H9&DW!: :-5HO5-&!4.-EI

#/!'/1G34
DP
5CC.M9=T%9_USTHJ*(G
MPD*#81BC-&PE0X

MI\FYS3VR



EPP2A4
C5Z UVW1J%

P6=:C4Z;IZB#





ML .
3#%02-0TKJ&/O3


MI4RY[)G+GKF.K*+HN(ZL6CQ9T8=*AB7C*1H5]:BHUU5BR?MG)6_*E[QE9

NW+X93+%]




?FF=V8.[6:;N-P:#L476*Q[ZP1H-!(5%3








P=]MIMEJPH&HJH9]@@=!=4$C45!H6D*&[%-W%W77@C!*B
MNU03@ 4QK*;2L( 





B-
B
MDG$K/S NC&26D6 DPXADW
@/C LW\K-@(( ;^0'!X* FR7!V8^EX]QJ8T)
MMUIB#*
T;5#=]G+PB1*B.Y230 6Q+:2L

M
8S2L)4


1/#[GQN]6^N)J?7V;JQ87GS4X^^Y=RG(7RP^1T


U.S/E^)(-)_-<Z4_A;UO'!$R;




V$]VV(QH'#\W_)*ANM6<9YCF%^Y8XWS7K3S#8)EW*E;


PD0$HQF
MH&3F&0

^&CY]98<(/B

M9]VRZ ;%?U@P4%LRS S6M#K]QM#IH9*BAF#)T&=02% CH&3H



O0'!F 9*AGF!3;2H(U@R]!H4$M0(*!EZC4VTJ-8
O0:

MHJF^0#&*HS&/7;- .:P9(!GF!BSRM!D-M)!H-C DJ!%0

M2JBV$J+-P)@1D#)T&;8I[$%#;20:#8P)*@14#(T&_9IH*'4?=V:E?-JWH6,
M_.M'3:^Q] ;%@U@R4%LRS [VV16ED&HK))H-# EJ!)0,S69-J]L8MH:HH@A
M6#*T&102U @H&=H
^S2VH($6$LT&A@0U DJ&9L


BI+Y%AXJ8AD*CRE]'\UE$R*XW\^
M/X&=R6;J@$*80^4#%


M;$$#+22:#0P):@24#
UF8YIM..!9;6!4N)#-@FFV3]+
KJG42^5B=DUR$9L%
MPF'E 


MJ!%0

)D+!-U?,'S
MVBS0#8L'2(99 4\UL!D-M)!H-C DJ!%0,C0;FHTM:*%1+.!(4&-@)*AV=!L
M;$$#+22:#0P):@24#


M=
=46YGK$N^:


T*4G0N.A)](3Z8F[

N;2$J'QT!)I





PA-A+C#PB]6[=6J+^?DJZ^8X_F]Y
M)</UOQV0+9^8%Y;/8.GV

M


M2U77I;H-MU7V7E'T)_NB(OT)A03]B?Y477]B+PH;#79LI$NAD*!+T:6JZU+L

\\8F!#808LZ
M@B5#KT$A08V DJ'7V$2+.H(E0Z]!(4&-@)*AU]A$BSJ)4.O02%!C82H=?8
M1(LZVN_
VJ%6[SV6D--N]N$A_='\W!1^/)UY42!WW6V5)3HHP8QE K4EPZ1@

M RTDF@T
6H$E S-A@-HT%X6


_.M'3:^Q
M] ;%@U@R4%LRS [VV16ED&HK))H-# EJ!)0
S69-J]UPG5VW4*&$:BLAV@P

*[D&+D^7_)

MDJ'-H)@1D#)T&;8I[$%#;20:#8P)*@14#(T&_9IH*%P 9LM,VQ^G,SBQ$LE
M%ZXA,,&O[F!(0R7#K(!%GK:@@182S0:&!#42H9FLZ;E.KH/ZJ*2HH9@R=!G
M4$A0(Z!DZ#/LU-B!EI(-!L8$M0(*!F:#3LUV%2X=,VB;73D8K#+)4BD6F6

MHMG D*!&0


M
MZ@B6#+T&A00U DJ&7F

@O5ZL;AMS=9L%


MH($6$LT&A@0U DJ&9K

M0#BL' 9I@4L];09#;20:#8P)*@14#(T&YJ-+6B@A42S@2%!C82H=G0;&Q!
M RTDF@T






M0




V1IRDK5F]
O&N

M6%JB'3&7E@B-AY9(2Z0E[D[:'32&O5TWW*
EUC+FTA*A\= 2:8FTQ-U)M_NM
M1F?8QPBR=GCBG

M^+E



0;E7




_^U+K


B=C&IV2?0[ 4UN^&HWF+OT'RT1\NX(;1J@K'4/MO(3^_S




B4T:\9AXYT&)@'@_DK
YD(







MOW7!&R_
:[R\5+R5?CY_(-I.0[@MI[NC;I[^N($\C:D^&_RC [;9-80[@D 1

M#&SVD9FG#\P.+
%%(=5RW


.N\^$RGJ+5


W




Z




MW[?09G-_SI7D%!@M7G!FVS_VN4A.!NUFN_W39GO^5&B_WCWM=^L=/Y#PK1?@
MSM)[_HAN

]WQ7F?[9E\+7?R'Q_%0U



IN^*@(QJ^/

MK=X&R@]CW2Y2W?#JZ== +3_\449*7\'\4QMO_4U.1S+Y8DY_;CFM=OZ#X[:=

M8!+H9\X\@OI[U[^8F?83.I$0GA(3'83COY4X]J9Q9FIS@TBDEW&F]
?4\Y/;

MTDLPDGJ TB$8*E8?
?Y -14B9 5/$/]DTIQ$CC$TQE/$RV? .


 PF]#7NVPX[W#HI6?T)

K0G%!*T
,?))[=0W
MJM%?4$C45/T%QLH:7]A_P6.BNUEI=4GY+:<#NQP/[T?A41-XQ?ZI:]W]QM
MM]'JLZ@&#(H%08WV@D*BIAJAO=A :=!H]W:=W*=TZAO4:\H)&JJ$=J+#92<


+TL6=A:=



.1W@A2'!5OFU#P(.-O(ZK
M\N_$V.\V.MTA+
N:SJ\\
VM\62&SD8!Q2JUWV!7P. +,O
M$!(U=1#T 3%F7^9N.ZW&H(<[[E]3[7\J_S9S!^''=LV :U-YK6N7WPWKU]<

DS
+


MMM#N[



MA/.O7=Y!N5?SS_P1
:^O9+7-5CU[!+&W^WE 0^;7_WY^3IP2_^@

M W+




MU9?@R^!*BW1Y=N3Z.$K]01GJ+S4_S-\FS?&40;)ZJ[Y83RC]X7!]:.4C(D[Q



<Q[O.;.N0'%_9SV6G6N@#&<LQR[N.XN3YZBBGJ/J-/L]GJ-Z


.M87TZAT)B84$U
0]:MVT1

M3[2G*MM3GYLS@B&Q=GET;09@WYL9&JG2QXS 'F#5&G
($!(
9*ADYKD4X$\
M%6CQE PP)!8HBZ#0H(:025#ERFX3 ]W5VTJ)4,70:%!#62H8N4R@*Z91=
M+$\%L:[4




+-]


M-(Q\3UPE$NG'%Y&^K+'Y1&R^8LVWTLU5
)G53\*/I[-$7LI(!5=R
5? C8-Q
M2*&2X)FJUJ+;
I-CEF8)SYHN9[. #.T*A03MREITM*MJ\:1=H9*A7:&0H%U9

9*:!0H+A
M#95



MP'J87MD+
.AK90XL[_=P/PXLWW@^W U[WWZS :S9-J#DN1PF+)9.B?( @$KC

MM4X*_P%+=;=<\!%DJYX+FIF#3MG;(=^6#MX:86NIRK)WL:05T@IK)SI:86VL
ML#M$K1ND#T)&7!HB-!X:(@V1AO@(U&VWBQ%A[3#$.8LEBKNHE3M-\#+U=..M
MWC4.KKYOH<WF_ISKRDP6KS@S+9_Z'.)G S:S7;[I\WV_*G0?KU[VN_6.WX@

MUH]4Z
V4/%G^\$HL(UNKN(G:S=





#F+5:H^3#[)-$CD5



)#:0N&Y%N=&1G'%FVG83*P'H;8#KAI*@P*!CSK



MA6R@Q0%H


MF\$C$;)@$'2[_=]K&1 MH.=NO8
_\XYYWM%P=CYW=






V/ O&A;G)

MNZH63]H5Y

MH]?A6C$;4''M

N7B9]N3


.AL@6O 2(]KP/;9IVT

6
DE

MSTYNOX



7
YS6NF7ZLS!#+1!/TPGS+.67V


M
@Q-K-2WN?KW(@KG_U[$=U]?E$Q6T7P1BG4$#+V9DB?+'UZ)1;ANM8K%F^4

G


G7TSBI?&8BQU%)D&D5R-S



@#;R0%9X +R8BV,H
M0R7#G&-J\=94C@FK
%A#*




M

@*
EP'L%^7!02*AF:#0H):@25#
W&*EP4$BH9

DPDC&2 7%:1+(.K%X8R6I9*&7%0
#;0/EQ

M+M4$8$$


M*=V%

M.!E#






S(7[^_D._3B;23S]

MA?P8!U%Z=NE%%_)]E'^M'





 S?
?[L-




'#BH]PV

9*^ O8(J*X\.:#T;D-J9_@8Z^M^#_&\^\VWF



MFU)OU\% FA)-J9H :$K6HJ

M'Q)I3B@D:$XTIPJ;4W_7



M_Z]??G@FQ
^3


M




.,N-J0.G
M$D')P$XE+C(#&G\^E]CG4BTP)+8/*E2?T
.QN:8 8KQL^

MN#J%Q#M5^


M

_<7E.<AN'Z

M?Z4_I)1


MS)+A;A8)**E;[

M9?Q'Q*@\9N[Y4(C.3L\:
3^E6EP=0SA:COLC1+I%B6.9_ )M%
!U!(
*JA

M

MH
;?WM7X*1S+C)\]_OT9O]N39=I_@D:AJ_V..W@5*OO^ML)85CF?&SQ[]'

M22




M

ML*G;2:/Y?A-N!W?/;79*0;$PKV;HLQZB#GT\H!L)$-?=2 Q]%#U*&O ZPQ
MACY(+&2 
%A:NV#U.4O\2WVY$A4+I5$^@YH.A9[%86BV-[TJE!*^T9?O!9%N

M

M5X






DE6[&6ZLBE\6PY\G

# =*!!
-3:9@
KU=EUU10?55



RZ\
9!*/,7)OYS-M ^6&LLD1^\VD1C%\?O?NBXUNWW]'ZUI_3+WV2
MD]='9^:WCN,.AN[@BXX[O9;3:N<_.&[;.?IE$4G,=?_P['/0 ]+C
6P/X\X
M^4/Q-DO


MT.J\!&'K@-W;(EZ7X/Z#5M-U?WJUN/_ETZ/B
!B+^6?%TJV?)ELK/GFC.!S?
MGB)L]43O'J[/-IZKT77Q.2TY=UM8?G/8N9M4?J\SSX34P^76Y;G]=JFUOF3=

M[+J&B^


M)_

MJ&1H5R@D:%?6HJ-=58LG[6JO0[9/O[?L?H9LG7:S#P_IG=0QQ@M+G@!A0H$R







MJMK:[.3[5DYDDL@QM_*%P&'![TWF[(6W9:I-



X:JB);$ZGI F:@Q


L$\#2ZB0


M:@(IGC6\0(IM[_

_

M:=SXSGE^GT:-WR$?+=SXCLSL#@_MG1?
\'*GKS_Q\7M1;(@
M_HZE]]


&$C0+)G0G3^% ?#G-GN0&+]\39HQK84C
U_B/Q=\ZS
MX

MQK!9




R(SB HRLE

'GY+ _$$
M%.L.%_ALXA81^&S

 OB,1U1&8!&!S\:,'O!933XCS9]8
M2]4 HW':$/FPU;%B#OKCRBK%R;W@.UW3!KXV 4Z68[T !
Z6;+#._J*1=#)




(N31UBYT+;M.M9%C$K]W


LXK0CYL_?A(V?+EKXP-<ZG 



9*^\(
M;5-MW23YF=M@#O@#O !IHQ79


D  =X1498)D<RXBJS5H<#W1H9)M-..]LZ%/R(\V
M98=6012'*'9#M

NWQR&\\!CX 7)




QT[-A$56
$
MR ##%+*L)5&1ATY) C7J=K
)]YBYK:4%U[JXIB.XU@7HP;6N%AT.550TUAPO



M AE.B0P-43-8]_A AIR087Z/_T/L8*%M/S5WGQ@D4Q#$MW4F7LT0V6A^_F$=
MO7YPG-6/M[-'-%][Z&:Q.06_
/ORYF_?


T3(B]R+#8!#<2'%$6$ S+/ZT45FP
M$&+\H3B('4]PEL':CR/RXMHG'WSP\7C32,8]\M'Q6_BD0@+-YKAS[\@)XP$

Z



O2  ] 3V=
3TIHBP!07$&R@C
(A 4+T@ 00%!G3%!:0V*+ %!
$7+] D7I$!MN$%= 17I$!M@&V

MJ^Y:@*GD$SV)^K8





M;O38@*GC'DEHV



*@))Z6\
MN -P/#-=9
 OV
%E6J:HJJW6($6\8H,, TO2(.\(H

$V.:515E
VAVU6!

M -F

M;A2!TL:



 5&1%T^SX)^!MCQG.B=[1&@ S0%2]( %V-%CJ@
%7MJ<@3(HP;T
MP@L2$]41H)<QH1+HBJQEF$ W1E9$'
S481;^)'%'XG#]W?%&K?C_:(%&K?CQ<]6K?]^R=%T


N/[8 U*TW
-
M#XU; J7I^[J^





M$8




G $XF)DN,N 5[.#2+5$S
M6,.:H$3352(@&EZ0 !WA%1D@FAS1Z*+W<&E&BZ2@1$PPL2H.\(@-$DR
:

B@TSS4\-)X(%)KOZR;.





M($4@12#%1M4J5%$:O,[D.*HKZ0(M?P D*0(I-KJK8XF2KO%A98$41YT?








H5[Z
MV
T









MY%595BQ;L?XBUE2)37Y0U94^=6;S&R1R?SMFV]R_V*S6]DGN&QHK!=
]:U

W



AL%5'5--$8/-X-
MZC


\QA+YX845




#!LI\#T!! &05
_!E .&0$
MSD)PF!$;X

(




#
# !0S 3\!/9\I/LFB;LFCIL'_B#)A1&$: @0L8@)^



M+S @G)#)#


$U5#
MXA4IT&.D0$8N( !%(1+9(!DMF 9DB4:,NQD.(.%?QTDN$%!E 0+I$!DMF%


TQB\V0&MGB1[06LTPIQJ.NS6QH 5[^VH



JEB;*S%?W
M@1$G:76!$?G%!A@1&!$8D?WP5E-$4QJZ3GPX:AL+O AO]@ 'P(? A\VV&:
MIB7J$L1

M@1&9@=9M6Y1U.$

C3M+J B/R
MBPTP(C B


M%(\-'%7(#5M





XLT/B *V+/CW

PA6$?XQW=/PS\F1(]D_'
G=K[_4=BM




MM(T()Z=DU\1/(_
E']E
.?^#EWCJ]Z&;P_WOV!U/T2:?(R]G3C\?:OHM!]O8


B==_%

@@* H,Z7HP#$Y3

M(!A.@)BHB@#!C  DRR('!$ OG
$R JL&]








 2;I0+%YQFJKBC

M&0%(TH7$;U1_HHH#]X[/ 2'('P
.03N XB&[<J0@21<*W#KF#)
1

 *0&Y\6@.-


M$F@')T!
E/0ANW($(


M=+/X?VLGC%'HO5R[ON//7
?[X!/Y.+$;^'=D3G=X4.^\8/;ES=^^$82?-X]X







))L87BNYN6/#

8K!_P[\3)5]\[42P*M_B?C]E_OB+RRB4VCG@%^JXC)L^
D(=GFSUZ
M*\'?W'GZ\4_.S%VX


S0#7.(


?)*E
M?_W\P\FI%_&](LY3B.:_.JY_XY/5?+/X% 8K%

ML U7.4U%M
M-V5MO]

EG_@8X#7A8YQ7092P\



5/]:- 1ICHN%<W6#4:I5$_EF51H8*$JAPX7K5)DNK8XMV\
MFTNKRFGD5

M_66 7_+C
/G:9S?Z@G?

5NL0

?MZ#&1VUV*G
+-IQ5Y/DKZ.XJ[DG=R1I:$
MXK*#L
WYP$;T=\'J#OE;1-A7NV9TNMHI]A)G(_JZJUY3]0Y%+U-L6
Y&]
==














M61]@(B?B&\
O@*2HX(:4;4; X4AVM-
M]PSU)Y''KERLX(


MCUV@.2+9$517/D[KW9%%6W?BS=8!Q4E7-Z+J=+%4KHX3KL-Q4\I@@4X.K*4Y



M+)-Q/N'MKQOA?^TG)1@4Y:CJ%W52R\YL]7A8QWYB0\[DOBIJV7_M9NPG]NQ
MAUCX*PW&7B\R9%!P?(U@XFVPB$FA4/RIS9]7Z EY0?+Y9-
VIKB909&ZTJ]T





M?\#U9^Z*=/&)PR!:I8=\[Y/3OIO%YO
CZ]R[

_W$%IZQW_CN+L-_(RHH@O;P_R;S%E.-AR%P[3

M8R].*]'5;.:!/]N?'H7_V.OT9-FTBQ&D@U



 LW*V@<A<\]#@B5
M(WJV U.ZL
< E@PF6_P7]9K27DMMZ%N
M17&=\@

MA




MI(\H/-M*
22E)!6ZV3462=
(?B=K!%OGO:[?#-+(%A9VT//?3WCPA.8T=8N[

M6Y)YA.9R7A 4KO6F8W#RB(^!XY/0_K7K._X
_^#.%KQ[V?U=SE0MF0V&37_K

;_$AFE8GPRP?55;M4G21



*@=CDGEX




MLN


YVP\TAU9
M,<F_+'XZ436@JRB.;A:DV46R$\W+G,)%/$^9-Y!?<QM&T[6*.[&S53JT9JM



MO0M5T;F6'T6 N
\07]7Q2BFVP9LD*0+574JR5C$:2^%9E)4]W5A$F2N;E?L@


IE-YR'IIDFVRQH^K912]/G#5&

-ZK55Y_X/
UJUDT!DO7][




L^MK*55QLN

MU*?
#45!X^8.EX^FR8K:DR!:/ @U;



M#6L/PCIYO[I&SS;;MJC]B*93*Z1M633MQ :PO*IIRJ7R[EUDK5DT[;D&=C)E


MQ(*LRGY+-6=FZN5[B[UM/VD:) WA:)(



M45HIY$CQAKH3IUU'?T1HL?8^N@N4%U6?;FU!5&\^::3\:IUQMW75T:)I.-3:


4_H






_FOAV*\9
FKSNXWA6 A8$__6_)?\E:PCB.L0\2/




MI^3[
Q3&CNL+L?
LW,?^Z1Q=$(?R+\




87 ?ATOG@+\A_


28Q5=N]A&










LP!Y0'37XWJZ'/YU6I $%W);K725@GN1QFA-MJLZ-
M0RV6UY@!-!H&Z-9QL*GZ.@YEQ%]36O&N973*FZZ%NV99-):8;DX? __A#H7+
M*W0?[VZIO4,.N;MS[3XGYU;)3;7/I+IJ;DZG:KA+-BGS?NKJG'0AJ?IN*O6&
M4YS*'WZ('(_DR/[JN/['((IN_/RG]*)/H4H=IYSK:=2N@R6JQ ](I_4MOU
M#@#1Q\+E
[NR5V
R;TO2MW_0'IB4
^XZG



F$FC!
M



M^&63/-Y2EFQ]X;0HW

(


&54G][



MP+

6\_Q!Z\0'NK
32:#__90
MLN7PY_E)GFTFIYFG2 %KJ!B,FNJ4O*YFDB^&PR;GHJ-4
F(Z@KI7+K_&'8
M]%QM3!@RF4PU;6;9!8:[\[SK


#S@0^;G51MN\1IG4EU$/@H8@)\
MP
=F(C59/6OX* (-?
#'9AW54@RN-_A.;=8+TB!CR0OC\L-=D/F\FWI9V---




MR27Y4[/=F4C\[IFAA2S+(SXX*_7'&+!=5DW=;+]=1.#G G]?0FSX$AGJJ/






M;7(%N&H
;*
]Q:2-+M'2#Q?;Q'!-0F$1WNUC[CHPTA9W?XHE:47U._+[M0?9
MY@8OV:'6'N0[Q_]0IOST%G$^9(FE?T@ZSI-MBT55V;Q9VF'U.;FS;1+24Q5
M0]JDF7UR7@BY'4R19HR+;




/*
9K*]H\OLKE/=X-
MUY:;[B!I&O TF


M6W
\D!9AO);

MQ(_(GZ-B'3M-QCJP_2.O+^K![9ZAZ


.WT\G'F&A8MY-'K'(
M1G5Q+ *R+ZW31N




MKO0]JR]49E_-_VP^CQ:/+7F-)C'AZ(;[:!;[J0TW79AS[XBULAYS UDE.Q)-
MD39_R*7

-)1_G8A*I/!3_X

M= &JLE9T?_//I5=0SZ*5C5-E







M4;
()#N?=]&Q'TGZU7\-\A)IL7X5.9


M^B&QM%C!TI*
M%]*RX(IC)U%-A]\TA^0T'9Z^+?[O;PD6FRG91._PF20Q/&1
M5NVBL5^ ]CQ


M?
2YJ6RT



79+VF]SL






MZ&O(IF9+#&/#5HWDHA4_M^\6539NJ!M&DZ52U.GD2!H
O$5?09%(M+W!P/
I


MN^ =VGVX(.5JOTA29*78 *+D

(99USX-/#QKH]Q1
ML)V1%F=_1YH+K


MK:B*TG3$B:^Q^1RYA_
;PGI0&#K%A:'#:[GRMI2EV



P]3U]-FTC@Z\36VN


OD2E-PN\79'V6)P[
O-ZRCGOPN#^%(_L*[E[U4


MYTC

D9V
.&*AE@PMCL
M:]';-J^-7-N&X@AL6G[_LRY;2 ZQB9G,O]$Y 0;S=\^H=!Y0!N^Q2ZLWQ*







MMWD8J+W*$J
2K[01P8415K$:!(@8:10'6J_.=8P*+(.3@
%BFK
1*L#E?/


M$_PYQXEA 2AF)PN@\?'-MB[JVRA:+]-8;EHOYX\H?X=5J6R&RR7SODF+R@JN

Y<*^)K5T[Z\F]





4=MG8GR%+4E?U#N/
MZU

OL6059\/_ Y8
NP@&MQC1TEO/H0BX%5[



:9Z^T$TTXU1O?SQGM FB2




M50:^:9%$XLDW-CEE61-LYA\Z)/F&W;E/27[P$YQR-EYMI=PD5W:*2
^@LT0R

.'AZ
[L
BH9=%Q[$3GMR7VBMUJ:W(.R.XS<\+8CZI42LP19$]W1U'80+Y!XF



T^R:5)^2WI0NY%5<\-
M5^P6#KAKH-'7?@J?,.':;1RF-(CM;]^N5RLO.\E,1I9'L^,X7=1]@8V0]8N
M2/D 3D#D=D5-+9&H25$^6%$T*^ILLI2:9*S0[#ZTIETBVEY

M-=IX2+TX
7!-*1VOB]9B)U\
9CCTG
M8:RQ*.JL+;G[2&LS
C+ZS-2@DA[OB':?E=;L3
3NY0SZG!#M/JNM6=
/LY?3





M7W /I-9Y/7N

M[T+U9H:F69)N*#*?HF39


E)TE5I\P=U]$
M
M!3^89DDEJ%2R5)*BV-YU(ZFC'7LLG4)(_[^]+V]N'$?R_2J*WHT7LQ'M:M['

S2IYN$JSZ=_ G)% 4( X2LFMW8L9%

MU-VXEM+.R
M;3&O5R(7K+&.8_V:6-FV,D^8N0?FI&-EU*8X-U+7 @DC!XXJ?YBYSZ']TC1_
M BBTX8,JWYCU.+8LZSL?(!]4.<K,A[(W1I]FA]T2AYM









RR83) #X_%X
#OKZ$[[I]'AN.@5$
M@!KT]YYOH1S8-*[3'&N*''J!.+H0=U77&.NM
#S!_N&VX?[

M=BYLEKU\.Y:WY: 5FRVN;P[D[+




M[SN_!?C-I;V@=!N*^

(D8S.#3\TX


[CBBD#G4SFF=?H;?6Q/6;AVPO)&
M

M(&1(';0^;I8==23LE(TK3]#\EW_L[G 9!7%S;#]





);4#
MDJTW+
-A#Z$

E64K;DC#


M]M.!W..L


M.S2#^.A:5C$=DX'&

CT&R5A&*1Y



'!RF
U,:A/-Q!3/%-'V4+N#DVZ9 #$


WV.7PF#(Z=!3ALZ/&:=KX






MG*;/K)4OL[Q7\K'LU

)Q_&]:4'5E\.F&



E$A)
M7$



DSOU'74,+5V!(
M--6PM$*W]:+K+)TW;V\!;&KA1 PI6KZG1^E0*(891W\CT$!$]^T'-4H
UV'



=7 [&0




 +(6?ESWO.H#V7)/





7BR8 NV?G=[<?X
M&RI90ZD^ZHX(Z_%GZ-_9#E2:L7-\@-X**$/V.5]^XV_W=WG=1(1/N SQ![V
MPVG4GF1?FIUW;PYJ3XUK?A)B\DOV!#4=LAC.5R=QT@M/I2BG'1#@U;8K8:3


&. 'Q^P#75I3Q_++-UD.J9A14W#




MWS&F2 7V#&6IP.ISK0?=J?FV/84SZQD
SNRIY5H/2@'P X%3432QV#




[6$3DW:
K;W

M(S*NI04R]E3&/AM




JK2$7X9]
M:?O;*3 S6.
2=_F92ZI%H[8W%*)Z-$@90N\2=RX)4H:.D4HA93]R' ;_0.(^









25.%9!:M @C
M$PA2*(7O%ABQ?T:Y!:E@=^F:?,+U,$+5Q:X 8BV/;PFE



..DY&\=HHG:77[*B1&&TIE'![C/W
M((6TWRSO0/X4S\%EEG]



LGG'%ZNA):&T0.#$2[7MRXD7U_VZ
M'=*

-6Y8V
*I&W0 E9M%'@14QWW
M'U4D/9H%)0
QU:'\

MJH[*CRFM9VA6$C7EF@J/;(A5Q^G'%.\SRZ


7](JU2CG

M8S/62T;E93E8HRO%)]#TDT#2O[UC/$\7%

M%\H7
ND




'S5O-(T:
67



8LAF[%X;B *D$7&

M;E








T^-KID*U



VHB2#

M@%#


M^&66G8BQ@2(Y1KS2Z=.*Y$\1*)+SPGUV\DOAN$Q2WH;,I*KP7UR4ML3RZ5G
M.O0H+@?76O)$




M)(P6ODRYK4!NEMN7HKEC5U#LYZ H;I;U6/GVY]H@
KC.MU&Z FW]^#GZ%C]6




I8Z!*BYH+*\

M);WZQ++_ (44
B^R) 'S
GX[^''HSB-T]5YGJ.,-K0'/W[;Q'DSYOF@JV5@
M31_#1FTFSPSGS:FE TB4!E:)QG/AC_Y9T9P9I+R C0!6

M^H2WD6US9AIG-NGN7@2UGB(6U


MAH6)$D


C(\





M 5I*M/J!]GE.?/RRS_&N6+@UU%FWX[!/6PZYP
6)

MLVS=K:

4L06+]/BL7LN:P167YN_B%TY6*.






ZV]2+Q%\OX+_CLI=VAAKG46EO&EU0XHX8


M*

*'8+9ZO
@$GWG I(Q-;=W%T3_$Z6CG*0#I+NMDEY6T%M$RO1

.
ME&4S ^'\$872VO0R!&U&I??

M[M9M*OF7/'N*44^P-HD


]A&Q.[J)]YOR6W'
M$^J9VU41IZ H=A_;8?8AAG9+TS'P TB@9C\(2_/8V+;M^%[G4A,'PS@&)JP











MKRG&('/@V7:Z^I
- &%KF'PX#II@WVT
RT:!L/E)/=[9&QX;=3(/A01* BEQ






M8S3T MGG+

M

0V^@1


;CN^'KJLYX=19



)5
 \4E+QCMTL9




M8M=PE;L7NU[*:!*X7.J(]-Z8(V'\N-

M'^J;7@TU99Q
M*/$+13?+J[2

'U5X[W^H*[[]
\
\
UOGP
&Z.OV9\FP.P**X
MS+/'#_$3*

MX3XZ(/1SG
:/U6
GYW%



M3^C7/Z$/_K#]? G)^
\?(%0 E3_^4+]]__XDFQ]\#/X[*K-\][?K'
'[;PAU



LG16KM%;D@B]'2VD


M(AE^=E^H5R!;Y *]YS+)ONKD8!#9:8OM89S9B1[KL(?[;:O^/3SYT@3Y@3/[
MT&




MTZ$.]G0XQ)[69FF_,;^J$.IGXXQ-379FF_,![(:$.7D@XQ O19FF_
 [
M2*$.#E(XQ$'29FE_' ,K.\&'T_/C_TB].,':6F_
ZE?Q#OP8XE9JLS1!
M?F ]7OA8!WX

=B%;DC#L&UAF'CW4@
<0RL8P(?ZTTHNL1Q\!:__Q
L0Q\1:9



M)QIKF\/'\K:_=QK;ORXM2Z/MG9OF





M.4 '5(%JS+12?WYO3-$4Z6



'HA_*X_*[0GW\UJ
MZ'3:1KU1:E







MHKC.SO@ YG6/_QD::_\CIIGJ


H67R#]HNLG.:7_6*Z[_S#_6*^\[CV


ZP(=K
M QWM4%_3%24:&Q,-- A)AH08J*1&.#8$.D;* $D3)!KK8@8Z]&@(^GLT

!ER^+D$\TWB*S=+#(+%46&?XB+]#A





M /(Z @ 0    9FQO+3(P
38Q
C





M0AOM-
$'S2P%F.C'PSY \^_4P1 ]\]AXWC(JDI3)$B[:^W$6I72K1Y%_U(PJ
M)-'O'5C@\R-*2BS/2OLO;WGKXP\?/ASRK^6 
DJ9&FD;4?Y5

ML.6\B.
@X;H#NAR?5!WPL[_28X$O-0PH32EYS%)\&=/U.5Z@+&0
SZ(_
A22

MZTU




MLMXO_N@Q!\:]8\1(9'U?_C5X++I=8_A@RFV!_VOH()1-9?@ )!
D__=!98[T
M&H3&B!D^C
K8$O\\J RI7H-0C;7A8RCL-_C'4/Q-VV\$]L) Y?\:C+]IWN8#
M0%$4IQPK_QM^V6Q(M(CS/]D/L-G]2.
0SYG\TCP\ZLY7F]=MRYYC84?/IT
M?]7/O#B$UH=U 
/

'!

R.U#MOTM731Z&?A2

RSYUD-AB09VW)]?)6S1A'B?IX+#KS*GC/=#Y[0N+OHI

N.&PG^1H^6THM4RI#J6WJ(3W1=U*KP;27ZGV8
D_1

M\ 0X3X(W; 

M4+*Z9

M*)WY_**31
L[MFQ\@A





O
M?'K%R(J6A
F^F%\M^XR=3-S\7N%F 9)?(7*@7@4UY[7C[N#5Z/^1L1TG;=WS
M:@U

7'P!X6#%4#)8I%

MHM$








1 XP@:( 8B1.D5&OX786Q!NV




X$+T2AQND]A[;ON.


M

MV










/J 5I/


MK7OA8[Z*V ?LHX2=2(O0DCNT%=%OT5629!#.?;NXCJ/E'-
U)
WKB@;=.U*3

M9%SU5@O4X@685MKYL_+B?1 GQ6


(8R6CHO4Z=$8))@





A3*D+./[;HG+^2&_AGB<38?)T8!4;W2.PG(
MB9.0\?;^/:

M2D1.:TR9;%W$K\GE9_/$+I6UVTLPAD R28?JIZXG9








M8D


M3N8FWE/N



3E^\

E3#V-$F&)GZWC?].

7]\E)4H0C6/81YO


M5AFUG2CLD$LY2:IEA@.(=H


ABIEU$LG;E Y+R;M?'5$1TNY=F.]X2UF85)G.P)VP@)/L:)<ZYSG&)P^



'9ML!1
M[A9E84A Y


7!




]_D. [SN]T




)PHG$'N\Y

M$_0(Q9))=W[+P5!


UB059;RBH
P:


M?L0J.B&'Y+@WWH&$0@AEO:-QD/GI&4KQ
J;;JPCJRBO+LLN'- *.B?.:U^&


D;-Q1

M2'^3:.BJ-170/0'^7UH$?CI$FPUA-/._V5]1%(L1B!]P_@0%V

M

J2)2D*$J[B%J@
M
&FGZ@YM^?%F'L_\/S)\6F6D C#@_Q%%@4 $EX%D 7T\?)'-Y/YB:;(;9^







X6)H

B[AW:!9/5%%C
^6
5YGDINUV[#^5D\&T\X9


J2MI)&#EALG11B\81?J



O[.OV@3PW2-T-B&53

@2;?B'KR*DNAL








M;_CSQK&A?Q=;N5UHI#QS!0-56#E-G:5K89F2.F? GA!/'L@.L^Q4!Z@_QE&Z
M8ESZ+XPD(]7849M3_QSU_UI#?;4!)*5S4S?EL3/C7
'V





?9@%.


_93H$8V
)
MC^?Q/0XP7G-CM/Y:-P_20F$9U=&_0TZJE3&O(KP


MC5KFTVRYI'C)3*T&P[JH[M??+D;+P=SW;+CEF4'YW:YQE_&1/*..$C69_SJQ
M]VA?J59!MWR
 _Z@5



MQ9.X*I!


MB:QCYQF^BHK
6I$7O_VMA/ZQ-:4%9ET9IY7



69
-([++(O]J





M'+AYH?


@]D3ILPL+:--'[+-)LPW


MCO*2G%@4LXJ;*=RZ6EA&S(R-(]?(S4S6FB^6#;[:]WE!A%:I

M@Z=FU%0_6#ITQ2NN^6#9T+5EN-LD2=/$
G)J@CZ#:CI*_J/.)I:1L]_')S75
M\'+^A [4DSH6=GYP/'H*/J)GLL[6%\_



M[U1
3
M'NQQL

M8=D*R@N)PALB$





MR2@
I7X_B]5

8U$S1#QY[A+5$2!LE;V^I+0(T\#NMDH'7PGGA+\J6&SY(PG(]+[46W?=

H.U=:WO
M0MXNFTDW2%MU0AG.KR:2T7ZR;K&(
:HI1G5?+!M\_KB(\G(VW&C.B]XT\I:;
MFEE&UG6VWCQD:UYS0RV3J_]H
0EJR5S]1\M(TNI.8XRH_3
7TB/KZ
Z04S

//XBS)&5R/R]\=CG53H[7J
U&Z
M-?D$+Q!0Z$-X!1-@Y8#8.SIA%YA6Q3$


M0Y1N%S'EKT/+ZL&RY=&[^8OSJ7NW/(O#$


C:S;OT$

X:@23Y



 1_//1VE\[
4^QD=__M-__]=/_W-\
M/+BXNA^

NC%Z/!!?'3!8J2P?'@

+
M+T$#_K]/@[/AZ
?CX=GQV=G#V=FGX=FGT=G)Z.SLA^&[#_\[''X:#DL$_I;)
M
3=Y=7HW_
M^/''RQ\F[S]^^' QN7IW/!P.1Z.S#Q_//L/H_?#CV76R?.2XOE3,OB]_P?.
M,V 112@,T7)PM9+Z_P8W-Y.3P3@,!W?LP_'@#C$@4'2TPI72
+T1/'GHQ**


MX];%C]JOCT=GQN]')
M6QP< 0:#P4^4A.@.S0:<@4_)\AE]/HKQXCEDC//?/5$T^WPTPD0&+T?G65?
M_]T#@@_!XKGAC#
R/]]=;W +7WF%53(C)(CYDEQ]_Y1]^G23P.DF.W+T$N^-

M(==[C11.S3(^39X078]]GSX_AQA)

-T4=)T:X)L$;. ]
MCF-8DI.44N! &NNM;QMF6&5)V%\$WY 4CIO?


M1C1!@J;%@I
DH:G/#J[KZ):2.45Q_(626&HK-)(Q+

:%[A-_:3


M#

0Q!O26H)JL8O:XTF:3!WTS']%FEZN[9]?2R


M4M


FH2P&'LT:1J*M5/@#:B<X5



O.



?Q



M
%Y/PWP=!#Z0PL;9^:KI-Y39O5
T+S*79-BM_+IQ=-E0#]Y;CE%^2
BA7$/
MNL
I2NP1B?9Y1^@M[[]B\_1C%TY@_%EV^@,\'JQ)%'E]=@UO K,_@FF#\A
M!UYE8QADPW3=!)2H+=6M+W;J?50+02S-D*NO- 11J]C62F\P^G79$-AD#WJ



M+@E!O]G9=S:.,BN!HE@K%,HJ$;!7'V(PB
?$Q4^Q%.EW'[BB=&K03Q&^CV
M.*)?Q;6%0E

9SAH?C(-_I9DUPXRG\71RW?@2JOP$ZHK0TJY6
MJ0C4
:

O







M&@6!I
B:[_WX@ADW8)I=D/0QF:7A:I5+R=1(Q\*S
_[L^^]@
Z(+\BKU#+#J






M


H




/=$&[9XRKM9-:
M.L6)N%GB;+4D U#MMT9=S5!O'RQ-+\75:DM&-^BN3^MLHK@YG)JB&
YF=9M5



4F!W&986#MOS*J? ZBN C2@JGI^5:!S$&:\


FFI]
M:1/OKO27.NNF*WT$K( CK/0;T/O!-@_KOG0K9F42LN5I&\X\OZIG1O(1WCY*
MIJM1*
R&-90K  'EIK.



M%RQ*A8

M6A
L6Q0*2ZJ6A/&#'3U[.

XE6HBB=&3:TB8E;C*RJ!(


;F
M21=380=@






KS^9

M;13V;C=7;VS:7!\B.M:1BL[S.07?*4%?O22E//PZG3&+L33SZY+7VJ'-MD;K


M%_251

ZZ9)U!*ZZO

*^@\L=5?S$WL+[I9/ZT8-25:2-6(1+SY*
M%N58O:GE%VD 1_F/GX@O*5J*:WQBM!+SW_B\9$U6.L^:.78VIA2+YKSQO1*
M


MZM%QLS\%HXSM(3@U2DDG^W:
([4MKU(X[M%7'+%[)&X+K*IO\RR#51IH'YG
MHC-'PXA)?[-:IR-VY@-_E:L7:3HX0E1Y#%S348I29
VK%R%^+F.F#7*K%*I



9Q@%

S&$E\5[45I


L4)3K'O67=2T4 KGE0 Q
H4*7TQEOZ<[/.3]SV\!XG\[&
MT\FUDGLC2[8/QX XTX;#*22&X;XPQN])&


MI13R8G.9+'+R&V3#H3 4SYMYRA




M(FP_+DC @FP


M_69CR6._[9%MM%]NAUTE6]+
^.Z IF)9&AF^^W:?A@#=[A':^F)SU=QT#_0M



M8WF.K*0BAV




M2L?$8CFN_ NMP]X6-QT!NJL
:V=_3''
WK2D%/ZKD0EBG)4.UZ;P-@/12J7)
M5]K/-
3&63R






DW0@N2







__0?4$L#!!0    ( &$T5TIE3XNHGI0  #?P 4
M    9FQO+3(P
38Q
C
Q7V1E9BYX;6SLO=MVXSBR(/I^UCK_D*?VR\PZ4Y6V

W=X0S@LQ^V\ *MIQDVQ/&?_NEQ


17'$S5=\=?OGQY

W_U=O
W;[
/WII#B*U%0GZR


M)2%)W$+:'8/R3WDHNTS;$
(NFA_Z7 !R^G;^DKPD))R1V?9[CK0I0C-D&#H!
MG58=ONS(S+WX


M2

MBH;960)MEP0TPP0]



M

H8IA LY2/YAE<8=P=KUZBNASYG*![T$+(-.ZLA?.0'IP

M&J@#[7YG\DK/_3C)9EQP;$SSH(-LYJL;;*0:B#8(OC=][/;TSOBWPO4&/X


M^FDLE-9H;(+2+Y@IE1/4^QIU0=R'$\S$U9@0!X0=F#8%?1\E'J*^Z:NS[C8
M$!5D?QX%V0#70D'ZIX^C(+W:/U10^?D]9BH;G6-51.ZZ[@HJOZ63K)4UCE6

4MKIRW;=
M
NKD:)2L3D/NB#^&+5H;-=SY'+7W)/4


&-*#


5E)@[#&6
MW9Y)E%VR&9@4$#BK3?)53WH3E!X(4#OO;9L$J+C?,E--VD(6!O%G]WKFAT
^[N8(?K0


Q




]UA0_0V0C<_V8,$O%<R=&X(T]I


M\\YIIJX*J(T!2S6)U8UU=.4.G%=1ZV/#.

M-N1H@RM30F#N?6WSH
 STBH_-Z\NM17
P D! #5
WGXA%)R6.@C&[?I*\UEA

;BXG^'&E(2_\!Z=F5@*P
(#+#.+VTAWWEH^54TNK ;GT
MTM9PJTLO?2WII=57!%F*J=1(KD:I026D

M+*]6FL06#6X@R;72Y-8IW().U!TJY+=5WD@2I(_CTE8:NH)(U-=65@&I;SYP

MD
=+=T4

M4V!G4K8E_-.R_#SHA-S6EK01AND\L%Q;O'QA4F^6/_?7^=2(V5F:?*?)/TC&
M&U!ZF#1
&+





MS

PF8(0LB&

G:6Q'[)G[8[,TW6-?

M




MK(.* X-K_U9MC__&=:OR$D*@FM9S\C(K_L!$_F

M@

MF?H99]F_ Y+DTO5T1:/$_S=\KHD4/)L]^GG)4#CU [)3=/] ):U2%=7'S/JN

!!3-Z+.7N_=:E&K:;M (
MEO38CD5*'MC@!)^M
N)1D.1 FUQ03/JIC-M-+?X143+U1'T3M'EXQ)
0=TS
M6K

*UPT T:M?1F-0^QT/I()NA1
^XSZ;MIB&CP4)]HT


MLC]A4=2MB;D+KTIHUI8E%OSXB%IB&O7C=BI;%6



VQJ^N\DT#/^ .\,II[+9
07IN..Z

M/R9XLSLML& $;EU&)R-DIST6K

^(A;_]!]1N #5@M&X8[3

:

E$^HJ)L-F/F
S3X(89!;$:SIV6
M
-VP:KOEW!#*N'H:L'/#G7D@.F'P3!
U79)9RK

M
.$4Q;QIQQ


M



M@T

[\4H \]?\D^R.J9*)5&K+(070_*5L/K=?2@/)+HN#32'I2R=T7PJD?#
M4ZXU'5@2#.CHBG=48]^?JFF=&9Y@803[:XET
-9U0*C3H\1]*..:JC2#U)/




M%3:

@D A




M+T^$D_A ^8_


(9/DT2H0=0XN84
&%-/1HD.OO@UFO!&7R=

M\N$A8@?[CDDJ+?S0CH2]9-8




S[P@C\81HJ7J#;B$8=*SE@:[


M

MQ64XTNP4.5?P2+-3=(4$1I&;TBFI)!9@IT#TC% 0?N =U\Y=EM0C[O.!ZP*
M*$3LU:
:S*V]O2.@D]#GAZMDA94$#Z&4@MXVE=!OGQ-A95^R-N1YR4U8-/\



#W#LEAN
M\?*7OY
@W2&3LD6]P@
M]  !]TCF=;A1$4G 2Z*-4=V^CNDA?;73@]4$I!P\BSM[0\-%AD[.\-])
+NB
FR(KZ2URE21$T[M0VZB1)NW/A/8;/ M/U&.-84+V;W/M'8


.K7^VW4PK*35FT/?,O+PC/G#KTW+I:T;+YQM_UERCV=Z[RV



T]GFD=K
\6 BT ((=S#^\@+UWR;VWBL^#]!%V
&L^-LQ(+L9Y








&G$PRD-P@#G90CH;O]JLNUD-A16T&M/ 0;
M^O


@-[6_H4

MS6C73I#N3(YPMVXT)S7_F](\HG_V.$EUR
M0D#!!)RZ3\?]KYWXL7[!&=!C3ZR.PWU*+C49U6**2Y)37PI.'TN7?4062
M&^13\. ]R@!P-Q[(C6@J6( S(JSO&



[4ZSXP5'1J@MW9&8L$66C ^E




H^Q2P#

\
MW;PSK//.:D1(1'BZ/[G(LENB-52(U'RN

VVV<';]_IL?4=XZCBS7K9GOH-KM<-R

WD;Q:DU$0UU_V<-\7&=#E



M7C6 

5L^6;(/9
MUWXI^6ADH-GVV0 HK




MP3&R1.WZ. 11J'.1U/0V4#??HQ-IF6


M6/9!AP]7[ =J26#$%FD)
AYXZ[D4@LFH*P%Q,7D_UT<P4?K)[3\)[CY=K;QHS;7QK47
M#)+KU9


DXB) IUW2\ TG7.0E4Z D@DV7YC.;.-W
M


LG9
MU0L#SMHI(-VWH;QIVETNP#2\]PV0K*V0KU+R.&O 69!OBRPF)?C1E(Z6^-



+)
YI$)#IQB'#

M:5V3F%QY:=K,F=+)I'_F8T4L@E (


M^9T$
V8NWWL:%6(5R A48A#:AGMY^/$3C;W@:T33I^MP&J2\LQQ'-3?'R:RP

MP
XFLA!-]VFI8J_ ;;LGF4PY_
/O))G
'[P7X#9K6='TCK.S]=
/ MZ%S8\R
M+P3##[3#-1#

GA8P&N'_-GF/XQ)JYTU3.=E%\=M

M



M$O;H9


:#N2K=6Q)EC18RJ0



U' X)[6LM ZY2A4F*/2EJ6+#27




H3Z
/[R(+&G*QQ0%[(9'P+Y#M9\#
@\$O09R4V!+:TTL4A!5+=JL0AVB%4MKR8<H
MQ ]4V!:9(R[.5E4RLP 0
=A8





M#K6_/51R_\K!L^T1!E%9Z21NWRCA*9-(/!FXWUCZ

:HY
MLAH60N Z[4(%*







M!J'\-TK[*0O9/J%

%)GG&AFY
M)D+C;2)4@4&\TTZP0Q&*+&S[^P2*^

-[[;^1JX3D:O






$6^2X:-/
G[=+7RHO5D
MOJ



+&5_

;



B RT=S!:PI3Z-ZFQ5].7Z


@7(E_/L;7ECY1M)EK#^
M%D# AKU36[G1@-4?A ^O8*+EF:F9Z+6EKO;.E::! ?5\QIRO$'A'SEXXQV!

=P_PGJ

ONOE+11P1


M.3#(Y 


2DGH%M\33:6E





MB=@[OEQW&+0L _B?)Z^$4)MCH@]QR$Y6AYG1C1 -$S9)EB02K5]*/3O@%ZX=
ME@UBSG514@_([IYLAS!VW(Y=
!9WHA/^E3!







Y^]!22<A 36<5 :G$XL=:*HAM\I4W.




7

B%



R'VS1Z8M!BE4@


MWN
S



LZQKNQ

-.R




MWA=4DWH:A2MG14YLIIZ1V0
ME8A'7A@SI93S124L;V)E! %UK62Y:!^Z:%\;
H
'PW
+CX/(8



IX%T


MZ'L+

MHD:2'#R8\_4Z$SB98((AU?Q8;;^+V\!)+

M/2JAP _*U:9PFJFN.X?!72)GY6N18;1-$ \D;;/Q%:)R#R7RQ$UUJ2*KO2!W

MT8K+*G: S[TG/_&&^(I3A1AX? 
22!K%D3J0&!R6/@+_((#
08DH5HV/:3
M0^

MW?G


J\C#

9
E;K0^FEL:RBV@PO;A:_&14B[=O
.VZY+BARZV+(5=

M2 :3T[D;XA.U1%;HV^]Z3/Z3DF_J=*ALOTV-\;'J%3@45*
H&UL\N@-18L



M-XHG3$EA^(:+W&]P1T+RTPNX6P&B;2J!1T(R1V8RWS;(-4'U_@K %G$EOTXV





M4) F\]/%(B(+QIW;R ^YP0B8N=H-?J\ZP054)$F!Z[XUE]P)$H
M+RE0AAG.



_%9




$ZEU%





5Y.]
S_K+<WO<(?=


E1804S1A
G:1P

M*\Z^%)P8S6NF

M=6DXS57DKQ&-E7J?-X*SVH 'V\A
UVW-=5NSVFW-M= :20LM75^SVTFOL0

+V?

N:UU1YXVKL7

SB*W8+.Y


!1#T





M79*;1!&MELKXW8) HI05&\:U#Y?M--[/QOIX(L:U;KA L$Y6XKT W1S(47
M1-H!9
-



86R1\(QX_NYE5

M!V



*9E9^#%

W\\MK@





MS+O



M:8;U(I..H($


'#^(

M:L8





97:#7L+0=[A)
[G&X#]H$']6
MJQA4@+HSOQFN&LP!$'Q%K4(


MUL8;OR*7Z02E*$9J_^D+BHAN.BC39W#R7SZZ)D*_J#J1



)(^$[7QH8:RM'D1MH0F-D.U\!HN\E')GMXFUL!!N P!E3!Z6?I[B
MRP^U,CJ54-1QRJH0.F)T



M_CHXW-_I;M=0#1%#FHX

M*Y'9XL83IG;6ZCNZK6DG
9XN-V/&S9AYU3-F7

DZ;81;4$KB*M


'L&==(!B\ CN% 5#1I*U*(A@\[![

5N777;F5BPUU


VUI
NUI@\5.L
#OJ\#N5=:&SH_:_4E@3/#MJ

-0 


KE




M416'JN^5\


!L S5?:_M?E)@PF-Z&'0I8)DJX20Y@1%W

M1^@[U#KC#HIWKP7N
9QMI9;[N+_  *)+Z]I


MK'
#LD!U
X:F/;JS?Z5Y^Z


YF297
M3+#5=


M5 L

M.
$.8N:;S!6:;/W\A24S972@Y\X@ H




M0IG+:EF7[

!

MRZE^Q4Z\1VEP(
C1M*ON N8*''_ 7Z$WXBU3G@=Q_+%'7QSV?4-3J%'LUF?4



MA_!

M@N



DJ]!_3F-

M'QIFD/IYL+R3V^6@&[G[';BA+B.-1
(1 NZB6_.])6_@&0W3F-^ZB
[]A-].


Z*_Y

4<)SWV6QQ$.0?.

M=E92@L84%Y#PH%V6J :?:'N
4'@O[8].*1%2V!7]*;&_B[+A;H/^O$?1.0%
MQ:@?VN:$A!*9%;D2@D3474J;M8JG!5!&/YN7(:5I/;DHH)9[U^[55W*!$/1


#?)=N:




-*#W1[(X#\


6)D

85-AJ9_%CKZ7[JW8
V\\L^$<







MMB*RY+K+
[D.&7WD/



M2D@9 7=C=UT)*2.@_NUNZYCVV@L\+KC26:;MX-;1/'I[%]IG'+7X-H)1
M$

MOY/9@G0[_QW6

M=^U;U' 4%2Y2]U[.


MUF$UQ4
U


M;NK@DQG_XM%[:=%JP[_(N2 ();.
R



?DN#




M#%
O8I&&H43X 9W7,^T&#':I6/'?[!Y[!XP91[+?QPP=NH9+J2/]W\/2\A

MWT 5J%B5TDUJE&6]M&)5ZPP2PZ1*V;D7*7F@HI-1?-R-';)KP)Z7K\PN#?]_


&1:[

$WK2KU7OAW@TX


MZI


8LK?MM=-$@M $QD

M[AL


TJ]/$H
;7RE9ZR^M$ZP!J7V

RU2)W\46OL5W

0CF!S+KP/NS=


MUP]+N1^6IKZ8TR69I0&9S)OQ \]
!P*VOKN*3;6  &UUT5*CDRIOEVAU(Q%F
M'53/K&X70V/#K#ZG0.-KF'6

N-(J7@


%-XY1IML;X :T2.T8=]
IC9R1\Y&) HW7





M 4=TUES5
1YZU8Z<U7-884M:5/ 16^56];A_)7/L2KRSE
M.N=Q-0.WDUU1K2!5QYN?\K-/5)S&RN:=[022$%H^NR-BRZ6Q50M8D3ZI6
MLWXMRGH!




;SV_(Z&[D/IY1+?[:.5@VO
MQRZXOI_][.+LM#K1^/P? G?E:^J/*'V0NMZSC\85L]X@ 7[9I*\PJNU
20

9JBCNUZ_9?Z**!
M:\TU2IG1XR^E@BX#[).1N^MUED_
Y#I=9;J9U#VH9-_T-7J9W V 56BNEO]


MAV$;#)'NPGST?F5C?IX5.%'M;H79

M[A5##6#!EU4

&@.DY/@G;)'[1]Y8'GX06
M0*Y
T94ICKM


MPEN0




M)L T=1E(

P/




MY?Q9X+!Z2Y

MS6FU5HR7

=UW4IICPYSY+56 *#K764+O2-$3^[<-#MQ59FE
MZKB(HD2Y(R-<GAL!=<&-$R-\.C<XLKF%E;


ZTN
M



N8



:7*VY4[B@IUK9Q0$;A7L/?9:VEU]#*O





M6

-$8


5_74]HX



M)MR[%
LQL#BDXDFS=Q?+H=G+CQX=N9@/RL6
U/1(3;=+30




M32*-&H(0A!+KM'1[OOV:1UE(MZ\O)MDDB2(^S



M5+^A[X05+;M?N$+TR$2_Q:73-HT#_D:V





MC\/:-.8_HZ_D!TVO@B L%9C&\X2MRI.FP1$-)A/!P4Q38;?^RV\QVP\7KLHN
M0[@(H=

' <I889FR
M 03_QX3_=Y@=*@4]#NB)=-V17V5B$)HZ*;Z_S82\AQF)K/  A/J&IS8U]ZSX

6WF=Z\ 7?RTM
MOLZ
1/_.69@&X4PH!K\SH5&4ZT5E.Y4G8MAKI)O$.!8;3E1\FQ9G';@L65


A2!N=*^3)L3KK=:M^
M
'A9#?WP!!71?<DS![NW: ([(]
MN'M!9[W4#J[O\?[<^_U227-(C@3Q%O V$A2R1(E4D+9B@GIV4-0+:P]P'




MI?\TAVQ2/Y]Z1 +6+9*D,=+-0I*3(L M,.*!&DS)=:XN26:/D1/*$!=OH'

**X!:'

M'+B1W 3JMBU Q#7!-@EX2(-;1D



MU





M=AX+'(!2A/







M/

M90RLC(&5[@(KBF: \7
QTZ[BX#%;4@;M JAX'*9%

M%BK WMY2&76YDHITCA?*UN&

)5.FS8[AC#2MQU65@V]QA3LL;$U<7:!N3V=+7 TRR-U0N8$L
M!IR_I?3/7!04K8OIU]9]/P:



MR:

S6/'W2LYK.XRANN


LCE*2X7__XA47



M_OV'[__XX7OZQ_??OONC+#K9ON;)XU.)OEQ]Q62FNL@RG*;X%5U67WVKJ_/
MOD:+-$6W\,,%NL6@!Q_+6BEE28I7EGQ[U](6GQYR-.O2?[X]L.[=]^\K7[P

MT+_E)



M3\ :*GX(B/7$3


+?EFU2VD'5.-KWJ$VS)





X&LO)CM-%.:=6_:WFT


M&079;$AV5Y+5;W=/$15[N2M9*3J-[89Y12\EVY6MAZB_'(
*O_P?R







M?
4(.&*EQ-!!2B5\H 4'^X/$%U*5+%%C.\T:\5J17:4_4=2TDUY%E^3*MN

?ZU4\T=%*
M8$I.V_I]9:8\<2Y7,[^-/OU$M_%Y$J5&IT$=!,:I6J;EWJ I=;2IR =AT4KE
MJTSZ4#&A*?K J$';/W5IVXM-+\LGG-<W.VVVY3&+A.C[J)@I6PU
?=FS7M%

Q:HL?**R;1!^S+)DN()QS\0$MM%[3T*XZ))BYA[

M3X.P7UG)'2FTH]397\H\S96I118Q


M'*0$7I* 21=]EG&TKA:









%0


'W$:HS7)T5TT

4%0+0F214&U+%7)V
2.+E7#V;EP!X&QI7D^W4XN


MRP-07MJO-T]/:4KZE0G-U813X?+B181[&VO4HV?Y4F28M*^(V_ 6D6'V[;D1

1&BX&#)+SE !FVYZAYHDF]B4M@=-0M?F-$B;6OFO50:M65!\+2E\^NNNHP
M5JDO/[6S2?20I$F9L(T^ZP[Z1-*8ABTXLBI?;4K2]6G:E95JDO=0IWNU.+VZ

M;'5[!/ )CY*8LN




MC1T0*%HUJK03G+K3/4T+'I-:-S\37JWR'8X/5V+S&X%N2B..K+N(^CJQBCA#



_J'$HK_




MOOOPQY


MC$U*D/L=KI-58K1[UJ%FA= P80^SP 5/A 73.;W& =BKK:@,4GWX*CXH78;
M3,9QZMZX[/+.NTVQT]PK_F



--Y4SG


.YI8O/&^B?)G?L:LR




MY&):Y


Q-C5_[Z^/)=3LE#
MPZI67?5)  &^3_]=E=*R=L+2=;JG9MFJ)QKY!*4X++_=6':.ZB1A.3-(2<WQ
MF!6?U0SZ7F--Z5I#V%!-+7D^0(4IGL6M_@99SL
 Y4*PU'=ZM^WJ^E1D/+P
M@!:XS%HMU:=QHJ..P+2;2HI%@@
;SE5
-MCE<)
M*YZ@?TYQR1LE+38D+Y._\Z(*H^QV#!_++

MV165F.2LH 7^FYS$N]6;'[LBDI?H\Q2

M-LHIK_054;[DTU?S9N$.K(NXA/1(+:E.^@M6)LQC!
@B3?63I4&U.*R@3!9H




_
?HB2#5SOG.WQ/[G!9
MIFS[6;PW\S!;'K:=%ZW8^6A34'4YW5(I:
):
9O]9=MHV(DK?1\3Q =--P\:



S=8LBBL\?FC:Z)#RI_W:X_ZR$E]P_UQ$D\&#
BG.'
/=_[


U;QV/( $
MT5512%K?-_&*2164*S837OS#.G!)57]&
KH\[.@*L:Q7X5.\)KEH%7(/XQPN

MA6T=%$-X1.SSM*-V



M&R[1Q7-
B?V$7KD?=





S7NCY17E5BH4JNJ8]B
MNC1X^(*Q6
FU<H$;D5O#C8B-9

M:9W(Y:.E3S#M#*8S

!S8GR2OUD1$B(RYSM<\-)+8QG4HM
MK)KT%!Z:+99G5\URPVBT([8


M]QG;E

IP?



?0GWA%\=
M@V/;^JYG]YS% R=V

6GV_A5+QG;=^U=%-U[T9G?V;N-3(C'059@(IKE




E]3)'=,AMQL2%XOF?'[W#9%'SD(1R;'6TKF
M*2KV<?H -1UV*!26V!@]!X^R M0/M$ O<5JA5.<1]5\LMO:)&YR\IA'FR8G


%N=;*B[3^&5C#S4BPG2L&$NF%
2SC.4%6T$UKH[LAY5'Q6N
MVGLT_A-%1+

'\EZ
MVP^[]H+;H_3C@EA_R66I
Y

M

3\9QJ)[/?\FT8
*?H!]G=&1E'=9+$O$
M_8KE?W('6_/?

M78_ $)%1DEO]6
5S


&VDZ9SW2_)Q(X2$WXM7

##H]
ME
MY&WING*TR1IG]FX_;W%1YLD*[FW@QQ:PJK/ZN$N2KW%2[NC/.#LXT6/F?H^M
MP]?'//%\3?(-[

-!BY'1Z!Z[Z(-TS :B?233



M;HPI)BO618%+_1_W3QBMJ*^B)*
R?4)149!5PJXO/\&&CSV598EDA!Z$?/P-

M7WO ]&_+79[QR]*2RE(]L\F_GB-PC[(H
@;6SD[I2JO_2#((L+=D5^+BCH9)
MV)Q76WB8OZ=U-*Y+R=BRAXEZL67*EMMRSABC@G+F5ERGR(_ ?#;3

MS)2S1
^



MEMLF ID/




GHQL7M]FE:0



*M?66!
1FCZ./!






DJ%


]QEEA'!




0GT%



Y#D
MLQ



 6W K9HV0F:=\^J

\)


MJ.VE5LLYCZ!D8+I2@5GN?3V6$NT7 \B% JK@..MW!?#S!;'4(]_^31 GV
M/ M9/$$5?S/40J1[ ;G8GWFXZ9Q 0SNE:(F[#PX^]?QH(\]+01'=+H'ID_
M(63K.OT#;F2;T]6M@9CM'TDH*92:1=?KND?)-Z(



CM T/8X8D;JAB
M-\V9*+1K@FB/8Z,5LOU[=N=3$@F_*]A^,S%XHY#A3TV?/PA64J._V6<I*5$A
M?:H+!('JO(\I7%V[
)#UQG(3F_)CM*Z(VG\2U(^G8L

M

44$YHT^4=9/]/ +S3AL)Z--J-#)^AL
J$%NDVR; \M7?.N*)4/NG34"*%I;,ZQ;'
MQ97JU/(JZ^P9! 4&]<[7P](DG8SW]H'BE2SU@<Q1?7Z]ZU766^?)%[4<=GU


=DJ(/D/5172;V2^XV6
M/PJE
9:=Q30@#!CN _W')IZ/P)H]W8A,M=Z X(H7^CGBBAG!*PM Q[A::_






TYU7KT._$E^W@S(2ZQ\7WRDQ1;

M 7&M]2

MXN$4Y(HS6_
L?MKNHK\B.-'AST31[&QK!BPYNBX;J2 TFL(5:B&+<
M#6_:BI'Q]D$<HN*](,I8/KLCL5%\IG((C\N3Y!;-);DDV)'9?/^1V&C-'RG@
MHT/@]*LA;V'$)@N*=@;)WS$\1(!7LE1BMD5V<3 VFI6E38SBZM@L1+\H)@R2
MI$%'&8B_% BU!
U5Q9#'&/D^VF;2@*[AVH#E.P[GDYXBL9M] P:G8@.-A])
M]J;Z[_E/T33AVF]5Z^.4; IH4AF5 

M
@2HR8%!'KG)^4JQ8H8WU']



M0-3*)[3INU_!*M:H;EC)F




/GS(
M,3]R43ZRCP&P-)#K 1*T(P(SWN$7O.&$:/-L-=;G-)M+J]S8 .O'J(QS?1

0M/OY?8^N)












M?^










EH11\3J



\C%(RFZP1#]5#Q5V

MQO@E4_0ZFHH/ZC%\I(1C]0Q*FJ_(@EI1%J4_%_B.K


M^Q







M6/%G)9_S]W:PP;9WD1K0\''@V+UDP3FA L)I'?)N]83C74JUP-LV0\$=+BY)



0

M'I_@1=\-SJ'O?O3(

M:-YHL;2.9F$$TDAN;G+R8H583DI/[0V[JY-Z[[0^-*)K1C0J$4I/IZ#K]S


M;1/$%1AOISH7ZY

R-YQ'GHRX$
+KKGH1
M_W57L.?J[.P=VJ:O(/V!0]:L3%^YCT%?_[?N-4S:F=*4_8W$'YV=B4XN2M

M6HTY2Q^/#9X3_KBJ)&@!8]]6+#EKWB330'-']P;7&2
0QPOTS)IX)NQ3*

+VY%:BR*B
%&0) N+(DP:Q
61%K$9

M#.A'4M!P6*#3'$=]




M_/'AM:H_#

[T<%<BLN-JC*\52






[A[^R
M*GK22CG#%&N#<OT.-

_)B



M)(-23KR*BI+':OZDXR9Z%2_K
G1%$\BJ?RY4@[ZA/[.AAO$02#F2IE4H?5D'
MGB.P (4/2X8@S]

M



4QUI D



N
M?&N8ZDC8AAA




N0;OQ$L?(R4WSOZ]A
PY;/B/7&CJ7WC(-(



MPJ;'QD

MPL


'GMF[%GC%@NG'\;0NY[](Z@\


#:&9/C7G'






-N(=

#O


MGX':/D#_%.7QK/F%+K[$4./A8BD\KL&I8C;7@3XS@GOZ/::'^'N_:*7R%@T/

ML!Y_C#;8_-#=#W^[_8D'43R


D2H3

=#WICGOC(OXP_P,*95M!W:D-*$
MAL*1WE9%??T& ?)I#'.;W&YRS-^,:&_^] @8GXSTT?/SZ5:PQ'EC4J&
_Y

FG^F)Q
MR


MP0U)P4V$LF6&*FGJ]AC=X2VD;Q2!8O [?
0-)Q'#=:SX9Y1P'26
XH./R. K
M)G0[C5NOG];?)\V6F](X]2VG= %3+%8EW9+;=!EWR6UD';(M8[^7?:AB&D95

.;O3W
6%4\W.5EA'!?\S0V.+ZD!

^C5[(KT3FF
M?[E)
FHY+.H$?/CHRZ8

M0^?R+8\1184W'+5(YR=O'ACL$5]I(OK_P;^*3ZEH;/@'\9^:[:3%TD*(/5!'

M@(


!/%5:R0+






F&&Q8-%TWP
\
M.+8M=06G0_ ^(SM2U7PR\=@;UP'#JAXI767C8M7 8Q1&]IX-!5MDT+9A%Z5-

4S.

%'\L ._?R$39:QO+T6%FTL]1Y48]


;J)$C%_B9]
\
MO0UDRV2$M7I'I*_MX\%5Y;


R1/%XK
MZL2A&?T3E;8:8B4


ML:MQ\TS F(V#IM)&''T_(&BZ;(;7MMS. CJ;CUOH_3C15IT/-* O5:#79P6S
MNS[/^Z4&Q2^0P4.)?+9*4CXUPMT1@!D?)ULO$Y;NO;_-K=G/0YM5L ?^)B&

M;OQG=693D(FMMH\ T
H_Q0%+.QMO

MD*(Y#
9G28N**&\NH*U_I1PBOTBW<GI['K;#



M(A='A48

AUV19+@H4!' Z9T&
7NJ4TO%'%'/T*[!'C/]\+
M=C,4B;E2W[JS*I9M.;$H0<FM-3&B\U@28QVF$;5!TS$@28_! M35;LL0G8^
M*!WU
5[RIGOZ

T]J !+^
OSFL\F
2=OM

G=B#



MIZ^P_IAN%'K)6 7K'HH^VD=(S!!PFWT5U@&&&*@K3!#23OW3I)G=XTZ8&Q]\
M+0A@GO'VDG$#0T/Q']
7%



MP=
\Q]K[13MMRS0^4\M6ZI?TZB 4

MW6HC0#7]_EVC:
N

@T/K\\X^5G/-Y7J

IRWE8!4

&%(!Q8,M_J^%CS[&J
MD$LD?&5.Q^02W0F1AM)!6/8
:9



0F

6

M3Q!CR_RO9CQ_9Q83\(B%*L

MRJN
9JD[F\$MJM^V0N20D(=N4I0':IC
Z2$]6B?#2@E*PZE2N5-F9.TOL[O\
M[*;A0-D^KS/W]'XR^YWE(!J=!N[D%M*OYCN





MD(V9 Y$W[:
V%0[;3AS^(I4_@I_]6 (7DZUEKC/


MC8&BD^X! YS0



&_


.YU.E[SQ7NENT 7XZ
[JN'5RC3X55.A*F:?WIYP*O=^EU



95
M.EKD[)K!#5/V.XPS$:QF;=EG@!:QT%W8R @?D6\&98 JCA
6YEQMME&20\JQ

'[$:7Q)\I_-JE(U=H5^O0]EH7;-%*U:5
_R4LK_#;R^
MB@_:O._F74'

9-CK

QHIEDBU
8$\!T 53. --2



M7N


U@RFR.G

)$=D+
M@^IV!Z1$3







M-PQ;CL_))DJ

MM)9_26^0V'10;N+PBBUMXGY-/B*4PC6W@&PM15^@E.X?M&7O&8MEOM(O[K
MKBA9&D4%Z$GX3)
80\)VG9U

1BGZ6 !-#[&\
M'

X$I
M.I5TO&QT/&HB0^

M9HTX;\29(\Y]MO-F
'OY<

. [0K9$/=;^'US54Z4
5:)0




;%Q=R)M/6

MATX5I*G



D J^PI.9.YN =]))=O[S%\;N4RBT^^DK+*)8W9L4XA/^);


(= )&Z-J\UJ\P?7K&UK/!I^3D5Z\P6*;EOV2+=&P50PDI;6


N
ML%F6/
U%[*-/#Z.)E!12JH! %BTJIH3Q!MF@)0T(M
508NI0AY![D:U:7[(




M6($P/B\I^\]






3R%6;=1H%=/-GCS_NDY?X8X]7?L;S':7J+A/]
\=.I#

6YZTB@Q]N6Z;.G+#9FQTO
!XK8@.9+J
MG8R;)\V-R
L\.IES\XBM


I-63






^1+Q9D&0@
F?$P6N%TZEU[
MDCD9BL:VR#70:K)Z(6P=7


MD36*^;E1?6RA[R'/.O?



K%!6 O63D&I?^S%WZ(W7I_'GG8=GZ 4/Q
MR0M*1[D9M:A
TG=5(]Z75*FOYK@B;HMA+N23.0A.\;-'O]D=R0=O CRS!7
M-PG--B\T =A+QH[B!


M4$U*-(D\&R509?*




M



%EF]0WZ9G.KC

*V\
MXS.F

P9:035(_JWWHIMU[MC&\I\6=NL

A-(4 K\9


Q*%8B
J='=F*$KIKX2D0^<C3
M-8C )OX\2GQZEG=*'=7)4H]RS01<D25\V*U)ZD6I#E(FUN5NO=IK]3XH4AV



M=Y#NL(=FHW)H.]RZR';II


MUEG:S1X
GCT+2[M2+


M0BU

RR5T8
M%L=HK1N\J

M$@%.W\6_Q_7

EM#&0[JU0)IEH






M)8+K&Z& &710 Q%W$ .\3=YIZY\'Q
V_)A*:-PF9AF4EKRFP'IX@).5S9+:E


M)48/G90H(??#$(.; M2$@?8YZ.-_T[082EUS'U^+-+\B;V
O$/XW!F#=F0

WH5;W@SI071TB
M% B\]L;_5(\PV!)4

5
AL[]LE& IS)9!C*Z&X+=(F*E^0J
MWY/_





MTW0MKJ-3)


P&
(/E@ J-(H


V?
9ZV0H8S6SV20Y/11&H^2
0'I2/7_#Y#Z.VDGGR1FS-WX!]G(4

/@^;G7^
M^@'HP9O1N7



KM.]49'U/#QV0YYFH'1OJC4J




M-]&L@!Y085


43OP?

S7/P6\

M^^9M !) LYW1 *;OK4! N+A)3 I(L2DHF!:K
*3;@_C@=
D]8KYUC



;W?_1



05D)^S-8!F$:HW)RU@



&D^
M)9 &%9M#D68/7]'#


2'+!BA?;D<VE:&6@?<X

^.5C=


MP%Z;S?SZC



AWF%9+)

X_+ZY&IDRV('\? &W0F[K:/

2A6XE



M\6&'5

M)ZUMYZ25+G;RGA8=FF1M3&+JU


RF/Q







M2V4


M6



?CF@GC@
MS9YZ

M/6HQ%R:RXZMC)7O0/?Z80'.O7 _NHO0/IE@/_8.3*3^C%E;O)4LMJ9L][YZ'
M4=?!9!UI_D;1V\X:#KFXS
6Z]!X^DXYEL#Q/\7:5/AZQ=7]!%32\]YZ8O&





C-XNI/ YB5$DW]7#4XAI.RN\
M:2T^&%M?4

Q4F\&G+/XI@23U6,!J-
M\R(:IF8/UO804<RW2;OY-+'PO^J(
P:ZM


P!&#&C.@J(-:'<WQSDON*$'8Y]!#
MI'3BN


B4^-G?N)S3R

2%\\;Z


I\[
M@.2CN4975T9J4\.ET]40!KLB8O9F1&?/07W^1.6^0NAX0$OQ'3HJ_Q[R^!O
M
J]4A

MV[YFH\:NW.K!J&


1!G4V&:5CLN8^%

'=EYBEQ^?<.F.PK'1ZM(JOSX&K&
M1


H?]!,
M\9B)KA5QJ/%R+4(3&%H'=F!!CMHT5ONFKXK8SMM!-(\R9IBV$@)5@A@M(37

);KK%T*[[9\Y@T




_)5Z9+3$ $5=



M(3



M6NZ
/\9S-
64B/@K&@MC;H/&]I3NC=9
2N8LV[G$1%3/EL:C^-A8NE(X7LR'
M88K ?L;YCB;Y$A./.V^1&(/GVI!':C
YH;.LJ$W##9L?VJ6O32#:OTB?!.ZY




LHNW


MGU3







M492

.58(%!0Y;V64X/\C05WM
7%


W%Y


;$SEXE#LP!N]_K:%(_'VL5H
M^K_92Q;-YNR:I




MN'&-CRJPO

))2HJU312

M=8OQ'3
:%53/=+XYRF/HC:N4$1IC9+Q;SD@Z@&XS.SYUR+;#=*AU3!R!&YS@
M5J=









MI#2G


MB&Y@J@G

M.#77\MU#DD_+Y;6#2_I6
VE/.%H#+J]1LA
VS-
[35*GI87D=80*RQD-\-O7
MLS2Q59;'IC^)QP?


[V3[Z+T RK3*GVM@]TF-4GS
M 5_3ZGE7)%\7&!JRR4F^)R7.D^1
Q@S7P85;#Q


:


MNU3H
!4&.-K2/6[/-IU:Q/#IC?&- SCOBQCX+RT8^E&-)/M%$(HJ+9HD[/


M0[X6QCO@[KID:6.VG AJOD%


M


D1


M(!=0]52PN$U30P&
+':*ZRL5MIE]-\VL:W)(?#O6:-6#T*=O?M-1BSB/^8[
M6))'G3E].8\?(0N$#3S[E0&:;92#H%ZJ%X09++#L1EI])?F .40O.-34RQN

T






-Q'2HT\80:WK,H J8<E
MAXR8[6

8U^;I48;N=YE:-@?2:15+#6\U

+((KI+RC+=I]#+#B@%[D&$CP^:R)7:GYCHM:V126K
MUR1672MM B]$U[EK[L^.

O!-O=J^D;7;Y@#;[/28NJ6!YOWV&NV

MNGUX52

M-4; 6+A(DG:
NVB$!W%P
ALR
M$6^)&+P/)63PS]%+DN:Z&MC]QIAIXN?N=6]9K9.R$ZG6'0'K

M[*

JQ&Z&
M5.5L8?I*F/=3@4HMLS:!9EZ(H 783S6*@!H4%#?(7)0--C!$T'_[XO5FY@)

MH%;3

'\-04(;41Q?


_7


MK]#V]U/V:F-&G;4$S
''

?2Z+N)QV.I0!\7!=)B


#+CS
M4-#ZOG?Q6+#]QS$M_!P*6
BHCX2$;3D8N*.Y#:H3U48/5-'.<3'(
:\S.H?
4O7:&



R#[_G


BF



FJ2(SAMMZ


MDV(.
\B-Y14-1





MA_NTNH-)1BI7*]J_O!^C)QK)C;F ;F5!CBGPT,C(Z(O5?(&OJ;Y;I_0VEM*
MS.*#E_QI$/(NH8^D+=SOU]0!3I[ZZ3,F$7 :04TD(%2V*:&F#RJG=$V)]?:B
MB';4Z89/V35)^A9
JTY2II[7W;5/:+0KC-4RQ /(^LM
.Z[79=JZ#Z9KB'3




R&/;A








M;F;9D=^%N_7= 2JU;.X5GURBAC=X#D993/JJ.VSF1;HEB052]_)SGE;EM4DW


MOQQ/5(YG

MGPIT/.##N5FVO?^5L8EV 7C93R@*@/+E[LX5O$5J%D3!1]'U_/4_JF? CZ%I



7[UVR!Z8L<IV3#1/)?T[9@Y%Y1BB#,DL)A@ #&)'&I$ICDA'
M8HPJID4IB9Y!_LCTVH%!^B)8:I*URC@UROI1E+4]]@'
48 N+/]66#_/C
'^
M%((8FIZ

/E;\(V;ZE1;^W.9U:=/@4(

M9$$LK.PK)8
=1BT5N02:^R^2?/L
<2G97

DD+.A5D4Y;'%U8/]AE6SVCW
_Y-
M!\YZ/@EA!\&
4^.A'%-UTWX]I@4/H0H:8DY 2^4'' L5SJ2%/G7$P=TI'F
MQ]
O9\Z
$
N&!@&!7



(-/YS'4UUU




E4=QMK

]0OJ

MQZF;QO^P30XIMH/%KDG#VP-:1+?
&I:U7]_L6;]0=L6C:]3J[VU;/PY ^3$9


X@&QVV?6P


K
M]6^3.NC&OXU+^&/IFT/_)G=N
UZ=40C&D[;[7YFGFCL ?.:#




[)




M+0(U+E CFZ@+

MG
+(#':
6*]#(-0*^3$V#BT]#;)]3(OXF]/)P%L)3UZTPQQ89UWML0W2E ;=



M6T8UZT5\F W]$A5[F$:WITO(BLS/#B@

M:;.*65O]2M





++HH\?IOBW0+
9
2_/D3;9Q$?Z);UF0(U*9[ECY\+Z5!

M2+.:XW
:3'JC-)





M.C)]J&4*?F

$^*%-WDT
S4)1]:C++JP? T8UA =^/
M#AX),[A,Q6TTRI%8.-LQJI3HY..1*7VAG5D#[X^(W)GDA+]Q!'=Y^0=_/#]




\+B^AU/9F+U:[
M452@QL[%27\8]U
CUGC[BF9H@_9(ER

3W@V33S(D*FTLQI<__8/#%@X*@NN<B
M+V<GPV]!SYSE\\C3#T:_=-=JEP#(&@!?1)1-:[J]HQTUID%E2FI)%9]4H^T


^,.H!;,FO)_22I]6L8(2/\5W?,%Y3M9V;GC;2!</9W_0F^G H
MX#:EY-P1)V'X3F4B+G1C
'SW?N&5

MC%%$XI&$URF( F$(;=

M!Q/.:W@XZ7


M5=9


M4*MM0RWYKJ6W5DI*
?B-TKQ(F[DP*HFB/NCJ5^VF.9Y\7IN^'N=YOJ@B]&
M3U6=H[92-

M?QQ5X_[
N0^;4+!98;./Q/4#JI*

M9H@5'QNGOJ1PO&1=.Y@6RX..
QU-



!$LR
 I!2DYU)^! Z (E/R]N
M*56QN!@G2B3W
O/%M7Z%D?@:3A3@5 %*%FCIHLZ(4M:D&&@FBA$W;]BB)FON


KJ;5QBZR






MF@2W';Y)1;C*8\U0+9*TQ5OX!_!7 XUS[*ZZ8EV[=OES5FJ-\IWN5^8V4&G^
M -8







-E=3A%NF6:!S'




MG:H0\B*NM:M+)M.4AB10T\2.XZ*VW
BT!3#2@C@8WN%AD[-;G]M.DP?^RH*_



5J\I'H;Z--VL62-9H]'8^RD#+2I
M O-.BL_B0%NJ_!:

26:'H;.TSKRN=)\^/JVD65:L#!S^U([ =

&NH6BQ

/


@7
T8CL2%3/D8L
MHFZW/T$^W__U+W^VM-IPU&=]PJ]R4*

M[H[XE!_#UBAG.)I@23S

/I&92*L
V@AXFZT_?R?]NRA)69WS8

M99 SC=%IDN(

-



M
+\T9TIR9]G:'=S]/RB'IF%:YR.+L$+XWE.0M@


Y9;'X07
V!(XK $):_1&$
BX:MH$@)3


YPUZ?SHC63JO[)L
\?^R7(C_I?ED=


[N8?&:;B'9F.?9

'WD*RAPL
70X[(7F4Q&[63 IUCY/V87M3S.)/((9 Q7.5806%;S
MK:$+R9$X1* ^.I PZ!$:A%0NHQ8Q9%6T
ABSB48FQI%G=[@]6QR&_RYBWR


MA6Q/?CLQS_!4

9XN@*QC1F=
M\B8SB

MC;


/2

M
D6!C;@!IR!*]/L 5[E1 P=T79Q![=94I;I/MVZD6Z=^W&^282@U+GA^?:
MP^3TWG;0IGM)MA=\1X+R*#






]1_;OL372LM6FB8995K+SW!A+
MTGAH^A _IV&6(X2N6B&:XP[3SJ?434%$UGO+K3Z-]]*TE=W:=6=DLW:I-O'X
M&TK? PX?3C%1OU^[Z0(V!V\X#5*0$
H)337QYK]&J02$3$#IC+@#F0-UF^N5

U




MBM+!A7T7G
LK7Q&RWPY3I#:%]Z&(R_;4 IN^EA^R+U+AZ%[$4U$U%;++!I'E


2QB68R9$2]W4LDF
MV!R69C:KX^3D.&1GDT+42/PV=8G
F+3D.#'

:]Q+@UTC?QEC1I8E
MT2_RWH&HET*'Y#6

DD+TF
&WNS;RGGG-YC36!S?=$TA]'F3R8H@



U$RI'5 /
./


NRV:2@08+H^N@-/=,L+;U3L?,O9!93V?B
MW=+[5R+;% ^AT((DG\TK9N*?C-RO^<LMK7$MX-HQ[J:O03+SS A+9%HV@\C

BX[MH
\[6/RF1E+6Y^6=) NVR*41'^K
MDXK!?LOS3'TV0?BH_D04YXM2^!6F3\_D<)6\PB)Y@J0VZ_AR8)[F6.)_J!#8
M0?S)Z8-?.Y%_Y&O=.1D67;6<BY92ZB44LOPGS&_SY)L2\Z[:?XTV&%(JUZ:
MR-


Q+^A-\'RP1PWGF,9(*]=:FKB=%J$


FJ4CWU%(MO11W-WB-MW(C%<]S1XV<G
M6I891)IE(M
%\]5$E77:DD_TPR[6AAU[\;S#
1Q&)?GFGK*F?C#3R=.LCFU9




+O
M8C4./R

M?WUHG:$(2\E\:L.
L


*\?:%6BFD_W&3
LC=(RDJV##HZ%KE
MR7E4/IIE#0U!YM7NF$P_LQ70RL]S= &@BA%H7OPVI3YDQ

M;










^*B(J&C:LRWT!S]/6YZ0

M[D



8
@#EYS1&Z
JT


ZX3#&\1M




=_NJO


R2CP0@S6S8;?
RZ^THJ





#FZ&A(5%:O_<6T]_1VCTL
M=NNKJ2UEM-/6 5D6L#D+#@F,T+\??C'J:#U^N[QZB CB'K4#J6Y87VUU&


M\.(P[;U!$;



M.@1:(7X9MJ:2OEZ:7 .^)FIW!.-776;=I?F&#B(UFR;RR/57'-*([3)
85$]



M;6&WRS5RN8S;@09T7]GY_:NSM@3N1OZU73Q!(
M!QP&8T)E



MH?8\&?5




F\


M

3F?$[36$'LY7;]!6)+H7MA0A
REI!MN.1ZV-:%]MYS6
MRN9?DL9.2ICV\8.$6KK8E-)+A!%?4)H5^R;Z/^**TS2-Q;\_I[E[!@II*O;*
M(RT;O)*IMX'5

MCSC*JL?SJ





M[P]:



1SUS5HP

;@RQ+79U/67JY\_L@(SRCHCLUF7*[4,XV)*)<Y+94T5HEIC
MOPY8^K$P+72(KML1*+WFI\
!LM*U+_U@IB7:(5
(TBS.TJ49K\\4E5EE
&*
M^CL


MGBSC6-
1ZR5KG)W_*=KN?K@_2/%!U5-&^!%3AP:





M.MKJ&)#MD0X%J7#
TM JKAHE.Q[++L5I4)0N2,E]6;H:GVIQJ=*KQFW-U-

B+TBY2J2$:J8Q](Y^
MU6-4;(PZ.BG%.
J$C43W%&E$0VHC96B#V3$DRJ'JP%%ANE\QS#2:EIJ@D2R#

M*#39M/)EW=D2SGMB#U

MR'6.?[IM[@3?14]T7&-O^IH=\= 69WQR0%.REX

M ]B%E



MZ.FH\








M_]?+LWKE[/+WYOO5[8
&TDY4RKK\#1
M-






#6F]

L(G\83F34!@2Z33V[V73L:Q5& (GE!@-

T;)$!.6[02HQF1T6' ^(LPR


B#^ @ZA4;Q.U.FO?]
M?5KHJK8R%2?/46W%
MLRY]$NA7K!Z0T0N5 WD
KD^Z-IS#6&3M!1-%6T5'OU
M%)!34% H7NKJAYNK5LYO5LUYD8HWC IYO#.[0.7EOM1
UZ.O IUSB[8N1N%
M9*=73\9D.[ADG[HUPY'D!NY423U8?@H*48;^*
 3LFM$&?7O6./BDS=G5N_




MK;Q3 L^?%]5(^


H?9181.6K-P_LFC
MKY'\A%6H

M?W65;E-^OL%% IFFWF4\3;'$QSE9IKB$T:7D&MF?LU9I@.G&23-YY[I4+V2
MP-'-2JV)AVF)68FNUZBU4[QYQ/[V2AUNX91M%WFB4;3A/%FB7&/KQR0'K^,\
M3G%Y#WXVR9XR59Q/S,4W_*GB+T*U,U^#+I7*EK! RBYZ?@')^9^MQ/I-.


MRDF%2HQ_@[^F[*2\C)WSTN='9D??QW5



$#$HQ5A@H)/I^)!@5XFW8-R@6YR8:92C@Q8Q\&&8R&0M



M'INU%.S\R
P2
M%0B[ A1E-P5Y2N&IO0E5R+$H%V/AH52O1VS:DJ2^9Y[F<;9/X'1N=!SM(17W
M4B#EQ<NP:\,%35;$&VH43?/
E'\B)-]AJ_7=W@#(7.+=Z0 HR[S-2FV+*+.


M

M%&0%@%*FEV?



;&[2&&?V^5489$
MN0]4H87?N!.:%IT**!$@.NX)S-M9S]'HNJC=/.?:9@TSS7HUR.:+FPHA4WQ^




FP6IV.BS
P]IS&YPQU['D




2\
I!)





M$V






M;Y]\_?KU;?JOY:]&7MTO$K(G;__/MYN'Q1IMG)^]@.Z=!1T@\OX1I3^\P8MT

M__40^

ML


IF(J]A


E+@'PVT5# [A_D@ON/ /\('I 3$:W!O8ZB!(4P?AN)2&4X1^6*
*G5?)7U55GX6)O$=<% .0/QXIJOMOCOPWWFX=*O)_



M)\50TB#?__GVT$LHSQ%*Y2^B@)SC(




)=.MKO
MCI]P^0[:OE;




M&+L_/)\K

M.(B]@%Q*\RT*

&



MUB?/

XXL!OD] XVX6D</UWVLR-S:_D7I8(#F(JE9EG6B=V@RC
M-;W6GAV?*@^S^-P)PQU1*^!N<3Z.F]+D;W60$ +V^+\:F.TC#J[(?KS-?DC



M-5:2\R+4Y!E@$!DKT
&;Z
#K4T!$1)&%J.K'*X$YD2^B
8T8'AX8;A%]?*).


M2/9GMQ;

M^R[HAH
OC;F$REP7*L2W7 7$6
L.'R#\A0=*R

MU:
*%JPB28F?N9Y5&'Y-%6I*H
QUL

WS][DJ6580FBN QA0(+)J%I-3_)+A





2I^%Q?%Z=LQ+1?+:@N
M92

*7
PQ47&7W DM
S
M#]-#YH*G B*GM?^7Z$YOHS+ !

#)
M4[Q
_

K\[6JWJ=




QGKD :@!=YJY31U!

MV718H(.\F_(UGS6EUC_6W$W^%?L:SVR#G9FU[#(V: ( TX'_@$646+G?Y@YB
ML27V NAT_+'V7
:^E_A\J%V059M+&?M
 D






.<7
M=^NP@&9C^X]H4R









^VHC.)+ !XXYX^:U*:

S2W6UK1ZTI
M/V@
(V-CUOED%NX4K0PJ^?%;(X&J_5:JK[U67)@



K(1

MXE#V2.HL

MN


M+VAT
M^*L2A*#5$XPTHT

JCV?I?4(171W 2NJU'VM

KW\' O<4!W8CW.(E1]$!N)VI6*BQ/M!@T5YX6+R75




_CWAO

?#2+(B1VZ;00TRESR?-B
MOFRTY E+WRZR

8W.%W=.ZU@*
\R3!^'

MH#KJ^UVBX@

Y3YX//N( HMJG







I;.=OOL05MI]!L'MK]F




MKTB!W(U6

-;G
M-;+FBP;?3:J$9)GVRMHPVHL&LAWK
J)++#\9^]Q2ZDOJE6W/.F+*?W-A6J9W


M08YK.[*6QP9;Q-0CS%T:M






M@''FIUYG_I
H?VP]G1/HW4]X78CVK6FA
H(O&VSPRH7ST!]9!L-DZXFR\K




I0%KB.7Q:WW


JM6 %2&/QRYI^R#4E8LZ;C8$1%M0
)#RC(Q#+#XFAHHJBH=






K+1183$X9=#BH6&61S6;N-#W%2A



MWFJ-- 9]M77-#'/A;^#AOR

]7.:@\@.6F-=8/Y8QKH:*)LJ]:UA
M



Q);
MQQ:2+[P4%8N85C;Z:3)@TD


M.6).\95_
)R8[M)


M1=0GE\ GQ4E0=2W:-K=4ZE/-?T-@AG#:PT]6Q23U3&XO@ZX^ PX^.P!1S2$L





]^XZ2H:TUZ*:]---2_






1+%1,:%T=FN=&_E[BZ!I94Y
MFC9 LA@.VB0#15<XS)6,8,7B8:+S)*37C Q Q$=3GJ68MXTE8A5=DS^@HWK
MOE;



%CN4XR%B+VS8/9]Z$\@WI





*ZU2\B_R_?K'HC<<#:H[CP.%G6\T['

M+KF%31F!R #R
M
(VIXF#/K**/N#B#9[OTIHO2\I9BFI




M_]TA9'8I&5J_PPEV

M9+10G$([G2$U/:X9VN37]D2PQG

!_#6&^:W


M+


J-O!R/%G+:GD9[ 



/FFQ=XFV23KOZ=LTN7_#O97N%\BT*'
M%M%

AR'^0?O6][]YX6.(SJ=Z
MZ-/KX@?=]


I% LH]LPUI



M_$K+UECD77;XY9KF$6-?[73KPG$!35C!;W&3(P5S#=.0-4.,]$A'T'93&
M(^R;&-7F*:D,36,@:_7-=ES*5^Y-WD6AK3G4Q8UYJ=R*8V?8+]X24Z2WO/
M2O&HZ&10FY.BGK-T1\RV9


M
 ^N\ULW#W:%]=;J(*%HW0%(RE\[9-2O,5:P@ZA4X20*L5_38SXV7 B$#:
M042+92H]Q]77U77@4N-$XOA4W:(&C.B1S(.:I8]C/^%A+3)'U5:QK%97^L.+

MJ
G4'''K; 1Z%*H97S%H;&C@9C_XT

\58^^
M4&9VSY$&S6Z0@Y*-*FN/


1-P;




MWW*1+3Q?/CHO(C$;PD

ZE/OB0N6OQ

M[2Z=
*#]#
C#-]5T1?2W=AJC4-(:6-2ERQP.3VLW+6CQ=
]/XC[5(X2'4!VA
M?


4CA@SMO@T&.ZEJF^#E




MI
8NI*EN5

K(%RK(S3*LE$






FG%LZR
Y#
*$D0K=%Z2&8=DUYPG44RV8$B+'878

M8ES7[=K-2\^[%32 XINUE9=^9A\PZ2'%GB@.M=(0M
 &EIJAQ76B^?*NNHPN


M0PIVN9CAGAMD B\Q98WR1H#GPNE#;H2D#I;+&@F'F6W1%8J2E:VKTJ;;A1
BE@


MR(

MOO^=:J%#5BG*XSRH @5].M1_#ZSVW6;BNX&4'850@_%XA9
PS?Q\)+^$'NB$
MKXADTN@!Q1X.$RWVT6'G_@QS5.(B)U'W^0?]V1'_ 7XI0Y&FR.Z6#IL/R#








MIF8:NLVP9RA8K*DR =\SW;2T3V97L@#=2-VT5$\FW\1'C
!W5R
M):-_:XF\;5O) 


$[BT.'/:3
MU%?N+-)JJ0)Z'I2T:K


M





M?X;/*

ML
($7!2:C]Z@DQ(I.LY+476#C\6:B&(:A0(X*]S57V6
8BO#*J\
*V.9#*X:


M3






[7

CCG4?:V+X1*_'#*XU[:3E
W]


MWS4674V[&8B8+ON/


Y V 05=F:--J[5N(S+HO(HFT#R
2DM$P/[


P[JV3JNEXV

-/?'YN0NI)SH+


M/)^H3;R956/E?O@UF


MR@8*FAC_'E 1YBT]Y JT_FLFHJL-8


M$%NI@J]7$(LI==IJG3[%D\!+G1T/


M@8@3E9^F:B]QFLD&\O_F7Z@.@*1G


M2D8+TD(1# =?JHY()@IR9O
C2JE0$]9Z IJE^Y].SA)/+S3N[(%8^_:J9E
M([$
C






MW+/P
]GB<SS9;KQ:#2]RS@
M1N$CJ6D5B0!;D(LP1-G#2M(\E =YKR660C*SROW2-JK=&46AL4B3.C#LM2/


'


MMP+3$_EVKKI

MX0EXH8^EW$4Q\Y 8WW-=;<2;KPB)^%*EG:L^#6D7B=P2HH%ECM9:OT/


P1HL;Z&)
MAE4J52B5S7@S
(<<4U9KUHBR/'



M!;C



)H+KS(F\Z'N GR(4
MIH^3ZV;Q.2?B=3V?\%_FR7?G[N.U$$3Y)4QX
N\*IC0_U/+41@ O
J_@.'



ME.3._ZK=6^^22Y@Q%JD%XGQI:R[R6].LTF^]+K@XD \EJA
)?)C.TX8X/\

OG0I=3=&^(QM

YP]0(O1BF$U^3\!2N/5BW.


MK '(&H 



M@Z#5U7Q?*':FYF-8.
 ?1/ZN




H]
K7

3[:ZJLMZ%-!/_.




97=IXMMUL B10W-^L_]*



X



I=J7

U$?N(7M%: CXT2-E+J/8VU O]V*FZ8OE- E0'@4


MP' _!+39W32!7(8!P

M]IR*GNJ[A)$G+\A.9E9T+U'^2EY9BR=(!SHDG04Y(X?M9?$J*J]1M'4PGB
M=N;*.E;RYUTA#0N-*LSH=R%VDP6E?N70DEGQ#AJ:7$=!T[O@



[#FBAP^;^*K&#?$56W

MJ2./J+GI7U(QFVFQ)SU/8PM=_5OY D6+T-MF?H+B?%V2FX/OCA6E/

E8G%!'P KPLOOF*H I=@H5J'GA+E&T#_QXV@





K/CBFY96_(

M&]PD(;VPAL*TFZ]7!'*ES


6M2OR;0TU-CT**Y4;8*0W1.IR39H*XK

WC;$62G6W0X;%0'27[
%




MT!3; %X9@VN.B6Y\6VI


Z6Q4!KC@N1Z7

M.D6]_V0AY'WI







DO3EG@9OS
Z
0]6D
ME$ZAN9+PQJIYATRAL5*?W=4*F;%B7N^-RFO'V+]?S:SW!#,2U8'(9^R:0),P
M,;MB':1U1M$)- A3 N#I,8#&ABHH ?#],8#V92?E'NKPITT@M)7/-5D-.9T
MJ3+LC%4S)6%7[VMG84CR=
[1=922A&!S2$:!XLFI_%UXU
%(3^P1FVS9$ZMJ
MDI15LZCW

ON@O)
M7GJ9+1;))DE3&#+3#-Z08[!&091Z$\@^1C? ^AM*V5 
X0T.5H\HW%R@IY@E


C

L:7ZC;I_X9\]PJ'Q05&;J'Y\GSM
M!.347@?D']#B6(F&HOJ/.2T1U%?:3S956P9K;L$FZHY5\M-R-S$B:KYS


:LS)?LLA3#_I@*L+(UHT3D5U[C

V(KN?OTWO\@?QG('J=9+1MT6KD&MRQU$YG )\!U9J@


PJ^9O;+5E

?:&D5YK

*Q
S-H_.HLL7
DERM+W



6
M;*3!

M$@ _#H(Q]D1(LJ=( /TXX
'8
ACCT\A::^^?3N#N%^U+=,\/H%@'W'(^=PR
MS.]OK,P6A[?&X_EZTN7S9T,5#J1RZQ_ZKAH:PGG*55)Z P9DEUR!R'W&E
MT$[H!!%YN5!





MW$H3\ *T.TN:']P3Z
@  :G%-#*!A@P0I%K



:RAUVTV7CXXQ/11][6.YKQY

M+W;2;@TY-[/ K9S1OE;:GD
-JU'(P0EW+CA[T1NL)TL'L_'8*WR@C:F0C$)
MVV\$A5&51N/;H#DP. VV)T@'LU./G$3;.)6P'B/Y0;[]%!.6Q_ .OL6!_*=P


M#*GH=LX

50%
M
[A A*!^B_EU;8/C@
3!:WED&9P#WG^S\;V4F4W3N$C&_A#RV$\8@--4_'@!
MK






G


M0?44ABVOT#HKW('Y)
JE-V]5W'6



M?L/QY\L[)XR]A;=U@OB

MWZ+0H777


M*[['I!;E=K=R=_C'1.Y5TBPIDJ/06'H&Z@ZV 1IE?(




]A]#;[4B!R]879+[+[Y'+MJD

M?


M&HXL%SG%4[I

@P]?\??






+] C]
I+9-FU):YS M ?IH


Z&3#&ZN9\P!R'Y;)F2
:J




M#Q
)F0(]+VMZ:#+ IGP1M&TVSG:I)9#6?^YT--8MH9I*ME0K5+7MDTN(OAJ;

M=[X3L
B;S-
MEE5^_.<A-'N_BZ@_S&7]]HYVFC:8]#3TR8PHF19SBX!U*AM(:.I%M#<N#A;9
M ^K7$$=W8):R4VEN;N*Z1Q+524-UFQQ:UO<NI5M6['85BSFB.0[K%@\$=U7

WH@6
[PG$:JM.V0W5
M^?AE


PI[
M3X]IC+^+_)^^]\X_5=_OM@1KOBR2PB@;D0C_'


:_U
 I-

\-)'6
M?5V0U9D2&$;2;;'96;P

M_L%#6;499[^-Z#R)(]I?E$:(;J!!1]VTK$T*6A*GW\9JIFL-;];P9@UOUO!F
MLN'-6-N)%

Q_W
_^?G+0+Y34
[U*'SF

ZWYP


M1XA$U2UTYO@TL$^ZI4[D.SW/69D;4)#6

S?H8//E3-YGX+

S8.3;/*'S@]1

M8-?!8&A5AWY%4.$$9$.5/O3K@2HMSC
%DR@.W%)L&R4<+Y7OY5-E!A/=J7+Z#^N;S1



MLD:S35]Z257;]




M-(3[?55MEPI]1G6AYJ\
*0%+=@GHAXFH9:UP[CL\2FP^R5?^!W)07B4Q^?\\

@RE(M1'
V'R*%8X849]+!-.
M'__J9EPE/YHI_\ *)UP2'\=T\X@G!7
M*:LN&U
?T\4:R4+FQD%LF.D(K%
7


M#%



:529?64F?-7W!4//WAR\ST^&




MR@3)C_[
QN
OC7;\C51V;M#*\3/ZO%7/:C]3O78RZU)Q(%+H'&35#RUZ^9


)*@M\F]#*C6JB+MA3R(*X0Y[:1=)(!
M%F



MQ'1
9V]D




C!Y*=HVYX=S
MM&W.;9MSSC;G-@3 5W=A@!PAPT]S0W-A9 7D]S8R,$M/<T-RZT (JD])[F
MTPE#:)1OO)KTOLP[-0DSP6=*'8A\SRUF@C?N?NWWLJV#M.Y9KC ]9O@.S4H
MKLQK)@^*(6JUG#&0I-^PX]U-K3 U6$59GM $3/=W*:1K%'L+QY=KQV\A/7*C

JGLT)G9&@O6%UY+[2/

MC7%1S[WM$#S/(8

M&6)?@68K:\1!@-&&QUA@.

I:'BYR^

5V9P4@2


M'W*K#8H!I:48UNN!JMGR6$+VWK@8!3!@789GAI6Q6H0@5CS[R[A0(2G[JW [






M;Y&J82?@T%-%7.B(O97#^A^(&GN1.R-GUUFAT@IWCH-4SB2.3W-(AT*6GST=
MD!^?H:




O-2D*





J* E0-DU' 7O[1_$0!SV,R@A@+UG#R#!H


M]J
\(O7X_'1LY;F6B%L3!EOO 'A_QQDASRK(?+VUQ&+JCC@^A
/GNF_R#2











!I_9X#
;?&:#
MSVPPPH_M
QO



9D@'A(DZTUE.W6PTH&$V!YJ

M/+]1'JP-[YEG


M'//


MS
QSL.6$=ZR6U^LH@M']_RMH)/?XQIVBSH#X@Y4&E1 F!]?.5S:Z^]
@#K
M92*?6W



3C
ME?92HD[G\4K[*$

DUX=#'0.6D%/

M+&O4%R 0K.EA
9=P@=7J_5H4K6K;X ?G\#U



.=5L?ZA8S7(!



Q/FT



M+)C
K7CK&4O%3+U66W


M

0U0#XX6UA*_%O*5
MVT';$^0 ]Z779=8#B$/LE_$%J-:3ZP!7YH1X#-::XH:5ZP-'Q.@0V<OP-(=J
MTHKTTD<[+4P3GIU


M7_Z%=.J5
O=$]I2@&2A!OLC+_#HSSZ H^S\TZ'LQ9V2;3&U]-*


M

(=@;M'J![HU
*Z0JNPMTEY2@L+*=



H
MC].=?#SN)+@K/S/.;0[_57PK94
B)?*5MN ]2H
 /F'K5




MDRCYR3YR#

UK;4J1D_/(H
V:#M#G$@_UQG48XA<*U+:]!X'FAQI-+<'NOR'G3ZP[4D1/0'.@(6F=\

M.FML7HS'#*1Z.#_)6XR?JN&
]BJ]9A*

2 91N\:!3PR




M_9^WHUZ2 Y,KXLX
M+O;9(, CH^]+U2=%\O24Q$#41C[64B*=V1)C/<)WFKG'0&Z=L:CYC/N';)?



V



31@;L-(G.SS@


M*P9U)CH_)U^(5AWPMTK-]#+#ID4S)5QZ65A+KCPVS @P)9=FK4M/?+3AYF3#

M8AV(J]3)9ZS *JSB^ 2E[&*]#JLNWL6;)'TJ_XDGR51VJT8DH4KKE.J7V$=J

N'T(BIUQW]:;([?,T]!UR.7NE-GY#7MU<C@5+NL.KMO:UC
M3
N
P7B%KI*84+#PFCYZ]A*F%$2BKFE.R0GL?6$0XMW[WKTO[-Z7LR$*N/JE


$QZ/
MJOTO20;RUAU]J%C-JBD
R#ZZ=(EBM E!_J1!$5I4)RB1F5#= 0I\#5@\H[3:


MQA61E-JL9HA8-82'O41;


U1NO]\4J\

MW\3;


V)27J
LW
;E3I3^HPBB



 F0.$:M,@<8!A(W]TF[//V]G9N(Z1L5YUD\D:F,,AOE3CE]E$]M7<@8*V

;.V7?3.



=


M2=CKK)[1YVKO
Q.J78;\=KT#!2H
 [\-N\2\91Y@T#OL^7*[]0PTR\^
L@

MEOR:(&I



M
[&4%/I!S



HXP9#6'65F^3-T&';\:TOI+\[!=#J)PP#CH


MBHIU188D_NVB@F:QZ2C^E!0QZ'HFJ4%_$=5@QDD:*WHATW2:GY*G@ 0Q*\/
MET$4QOTL$

M/Q^U/NJEQ]SMZ:^T.SR?;/,5*#J:L_#KT6$MP6,1_**)RC1Y;8@_26U60K0
MX3\E2?'!WFW^:QB'3T596+STWV)(Q?K3*Q6+M+=G)O2%IO]CD&0NXOQE1EE

L]^KO8@YKMB_@G1;9_EZTJ.< Z7\7;@?5KOZ O

RQ
MVR(GOO']1MV:^7?Q-WQ^W^*3-XC^1 $H'55:DW/O+ 

K$._HK=;#C2TCI8+^+R\^(YH)@




/5:M9.9
X




M\0-^P@LH$5[M#CSN)[;13D#LSL-_T\=M-R]@Q#APHC(R V)CUB!EXGN
V&QX

M%NYZURA.UM42E[EP06]9O[

+/!EMGTW]G[:;/SO1(^IDH#A16

MC4X
D#;=E18;==NN%*(V4Q#=#EV





M


&I4)/5\(;
.+1



*U 3Q+KU\T.L&^3M+$'FPS]




V)]J@8;#LBULWE%6)25]KVI=%TRY8
M;

^6];D





HJXOT



+7FLYT\GR)8+4F)[Y'8!W
MGV5



M-)H4 ]
*[['K
-X^!/CN1CP^0&T&/U



S Q=.)?3A?




PJ6WY5&R8
4*.LV)R57'HZZ







M)0O?6)=RPP762*&Y

9O9Q0N:[=X)75H;7^3@-O0$/:Q4(BM.P]D




V'S=X9RAPZ)FZ@IK[(M-C@]RF1CD8AL[BZ-9
MH$7  -A _5RG







:!^E




M'O&51PP(ZHV'VNWCRJ@)M=M7^OU4&(0V
XWT
 C/K(L0@\MN#%SS+2Y8+@11



M6/FPTWN]/&?*I^JXCM&6K%H#[ENS@ _:N%2\S^?R
$#.8'K!L-9!/0OR$ .2


O/GU'*8E



 JKE4M^*#9RH(:T

BF%3/T.K_;).7_UJCD&C]

M@GB=ER9G'%2&R]Z#3I8CC%W()@NFWQ_8$



*R!^^A7-</& M
'\ ]?Z-A76OFV2^3/(@([P?O:=)X

0UG.KN&%
M[TZ

M_DP)U-.M_2R1T:%A48J[4L\


HL6#QC C#*-Y^(6\7!VGZBF?]SR!=P^MO@


]R_**P


MYJ7UOXLTS-;AB@##3M9C%J5Z4]MO)5=DV:2O\ X
-#E);XH\EUY5X/3H=E

M/=:SA3GB0\D9MAMZHW-K

M

%JQN Q!MQ(X-KKXVRVFB:

^]PH(=
?(@ ?JXIW#T\]:-_O8*^1^B3_%#C-LG_@

;&T:0]L /96WFDQ







\LN@+6_IV4 R_HG:;Z[O!Q$L8!MT934JUI=?A2[C&



MY






+'%BRZSBA(
MUR9\




V@D.4#6D+0_



BC *]FNH-J0?UY.



M;X+5KE

M N$#G\.T**?-91J07;22!U-C^'N8'@(JP%J75

* T:M@Z\%#E'*-K*B(^T4+2]40SA4/29[3F O*%H'\^1
M'

9X

U




MGF&H'





M%     @ 83172FO^.^@^F 0 U:6& !               ( !     &9L;RTR
M
#$V
3(S

M        @ %LF 0 9FQO+3(P
38Q
C
Q+GAS9%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( &$T5TI
MWQL5/!X   4! @ 4                ?;&! !F;&\M,C Q-C$R,S%?8V%L
M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( &$T5TIE3XNHGI0  #?P 4              
M 63E! !F;&\M
C Q-C$R
S%?9&5F+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( &$T5TJ_X.@
M+1D! (J.$  4                31Z!0!F;&\M
C Q-C$R
S%?;&%B+GAM

L!@!F;&\M
C Q-C$R

end



