

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-20-006185
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		93
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20191231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20200225
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20200225
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Freshpet
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001611647
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GRAIN MILL PRODUCTS [2040]
		IRS NUMBER:				201884894
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36729
		FILM NUMBER:		20647180
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 PLAZA DRIVE
 1ST FLOOR
		CITY:			SECAUCUS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07094
		BUSINESS PHONE:		201-520-4000
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 PLAZA DRIVE
 1ST FLOOR
		CITY:			SECAUCUS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07094



















frpt-10k_20191231.htm






			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			




					


					
					



				



					


					



				



					


					




					


					




					


					





						


						





					


					
					




					


					
					




					

						



					




					

						



					




					

						



					




					


					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					




					

						



					




					

						



					




					

						



					




					


					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					




					

						



					




					

						



					




					

						



					




					

						



					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					




					

						



					




					

						



					




					

						



					




					

						



					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					



				



					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						
						



					
					




					

						
						



					
					




					

						
						



					
					




					

						
						



					
					



				



					

						



					




					

						



					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					




					

						



					




					

						



					




					

						



					




					

						



					




					

						



					




					

						



					




					

						



					




					

						



					




					

						



					




					

						



					




					

						



					




					

						



					




					

						



					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					




					

						



					




					

						



					




					

						



					




					

						



					




					

						



					




					

						
						



					
					




					

						
						



					
					




					

						
						



					
					




					

						
						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					




					

						



					




					

						



					




					

						
						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						
						
						



					
					




					

						
						
						



					
					




					

						
						
						



					
					




					

						
						
						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					




					

						



					




					

						



					




					

						



					




					

						



					




					

						



					
					




					

						
						



					




					

						
						



					




					

						



					




					

						



					




					

						



					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					




					

						
						



					
					




					

						



					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					




					

						



					
					




					

						
						
						



					
					




					

						
						
						



					
					




					

						



					




					

						
						



					
					




					

						
						



					
					




					

						



					




					

						



					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						
						



					
					




					

						
						



					
					




					

						
						



					
					




					

						



					




					

						



					




					

						
						



					
					




					

						
						



					
					




					

						



					




					

						



					




					

						
						



					
					




					

						
						



					
					




					

						
						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					


					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						



					
					




					

						
						



					
					




					

						
						



					
					




					

						
						



					
					



				



					

						
						
						



					
					




					

						
						
						



					
					




					

						
						
						



					
					




					

						
						
						



					
					




					

						
						
						



					
					




					

						
						
						



					
					




					

						
						
						



					
					




					

						
						
						



					
					




					

						
						
						



					
					



				



					

						
						



					
					




					

						
						



					
					




					

						
						



					
					




					

						
						



					
					




					

						
						



					
					



				



					

						
						



					
					




					

						
						



					
					




					

						
						



					
					




					


					
					




					


					
					




					


					
					




					


					
					




					


					
					




					


					
					




					


					
					




					


					
					




					


					
					




					


					
					




					


					
					




					


					
					




					

						
						



					
					


			








 D.C. 20549 













December&#160;31
 2019













FRESHPET
 INC.






























 

 
















 including area code) 
















 $0.001 par value per share









 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;


 and (2)&#160;has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;


 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company.&#160;See the definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer&#8221; and &#8220;smaller reporting company&#8221; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 































































 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.&#160;&#160;


 2019
 the last business day of the registrant&#8217;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter
 the aggregate market value of the registrant&#8217;s common stock held by non-affiliates was approximately $

 2020

165
315



 11
 12
 13
 and 14 will be furnished (and are hereby incorporated) by an amendment hereto or pursuant to a definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A that will contain such information.








 Inc. 













































































































Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

















































































































Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance



































Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence



































































 results of operations
 plans
 objectives
 future performance and business. You can identify forward-looking statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. These statements may include words such as &#8220;aim
&#8221; &#8220;anticipate
&#8221; &#8220;believe
&#8221; &#8220;estimate
&#8221; &#8220;expect
&#8221; &#8220;forecast
&#8221; &#8220;outlook
&#8221; &#8220;potential
&#8221; &#8220;project
&#8221; &#8220;projection
&#8221; &#8220;plan
&#8221; &#8220;intend
&#8221; &#8220;seek
&#8221; &#8220;may
&#8221; &#8220;could
&#8221; &#8220;would
&#8221; &#8220;will
&#8221; &#8220;should
&#8221; &#8220;can
&#8221; &#8220;can have
&#8221; &#8220;likely
&#8221; the negatives thereof and other words and terms of similar meaning in connection with any discussion of the timing or nature of future operating or financial performance or other events. They appear in a number of places throughout this report and include statements regarding our intentions
 beliefs or current expectations concerning
 among other things
 our results of operations
 financial condition
 liquidity
 prospects
 growth
 strategies and the industry in which we operate. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those that we expected
 including: 

















our ability to timely complete the construction of our Freshpet Kitchens 2.0
 Kitchens South and Kitchens 3.0 and achieve the anticipated benefits therefrom&#59;
















































































the impact of government regulation
 scrutiny
 warning and public perception&#59; 

















adverse weather conditions
 natural disasters
 pestilences and other natural conditions affecting our operations&#59; 

















the effect of potential price increases and shortages on the inputs
 commodities and ingredients that we require&#59; 


























other factors discussed under the headings &#8220;Risk Factors
&#8221; &#8220;Business
&#8221; and &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#8221; in this report.

 we caution that it is very difficult to predict the impact of known factors
 and it is impossible for us to anticipate all factors that could affect our actual results. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations
 or cautionary statements
 are disclosed under &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; and &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#8221; in this report. All forward-looking statements are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. You should evaluate all forward-looking statements made in this report in the context of these risks and uncertainties.












 Inc. (&#8220;Freshpet&#8221; or the &#8220;Company&#8221;) is disrupting the over $30.0 billion North American pet food industry by driving consumers to reassess conventional dog and cat food offerings that have remained essentially unchanged for decades. We position our brand to benefit from mainstream trends of growing pet humanization and consumer focus on health and wellness. We price our products to be accessible to the average consumer
 providing us with broad demographic appeal and allowing us to penetrate multiple classes of retail
 including grocery (including online)
 mass
 club
 pet specialty and natural. We have successfully expanded our network of Freshpet Fridges within leading blue-chip retail chains. The strength of our business model extends to our customers
 who we believe find that Freshpet grows their pet category sales
 drives higher traffic
 increases shopper frequency and delivers category leading margins. As of December&#160;31
 2019
 Freshpet Fridges were located in approximately 21
500 stores
 and we believe there is an opportunity to install a Freshpet Fridge in at least 30
000 stores across North America. Additionally
 we believe that there are opportunities to expand our network into international markets as demonstrated with our recent initiatives in the U.K. market.



 we estimate that dog food
 cat food and treats &#38; mixers accounted for retail sales exceeding $31.7 billion. The pet food market has historically been resilient as consumers continue to spend on their pets even during economic downturns. 



&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;There are currently over 80 million dog and cat owning households in the United States
 which represents approximately 60% of total households
 and over 170 million dogs and cats in the United States
 according to the American Pet Products Association.
.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;According to Packaged Facts
 95% of U.S. pet owners view their pets as members of the family. As pets are increasingly viewed as companions
 friends and family members
 pet owners are being transformed into &#8220;pet parents&#8221; who spare no expense for their loved ones
 driving premiumization across pet categories. This trend is reflected in food purchasing decisions. Nearly 80% of U.S. pet owners are as concerned about the quality of their pet&#8217;s food as they are about their own
 according to market researcher Mintel.
&#160;&#160;  Consumers are increasingly purchasing fresh
 natural and organic food products. We believe consumers are seeking simple
 fresh and easy to understand food products from brands they trust and made with ingredients that are transparently sourced. 


 resulting in high repeat purchasing behavior. As a result
 we believe that as consumers try fresh
 refrigerated pet food
 they are likely to become repeat users of the product.



 conventional pet food sold as dry kibble or wet food in cans has not changed substantially for decades. We believe that the pet food industry has not kept pace with how consumers think about food for their families
 including their pets. As a result
 consumers are searching for higher quality
 less processed food for their dogs&#8217; and cats&#8217; meals that measure up to today&#8217;s sensibilities of what actually constitutes &#8220;good food.&#8221; Freshpet was specifically designed to address this growing need with affordable offerings accessible to the average consumer. 




 fresh food to our dogs and cats. And
 we are committed to doing so in ways that are good for Pets
 People and Planet.


 healthy food that we do. We cook our fresh
 nutritious pet food with the same care that we would take in preparing human food. Through the Freshpet Foundation
 we support nutritional research in areas of prevention
 care and treatment of diseases in dogs. Since founding Freshpet
 we have donated over five million fresh meals to pets via shelters
 charitable organizations and humane societies. Our team members get paid time off to pursue activities that help pets in their community. We also participate in Random Acts of Kindness to do our part to improve the lives of pets and pet parents.


 our partners and pet parents. We treat our team members with respect and are committed to helping them develop professionally and personally. As a demonstration of our commitment
 beginning in 2019
 all full-time hourly team members
 with at least one year of service
 will be eligible for equity grants. These equity grants are in addition to their existing wages
 benefits and performance incentives. We try to be good partners with customers
 distributors and suppliers by conducting business with honesty and transparency. Additionally
 we strive to help pet owners by providing pet parenting resources.


 2019
 the electricity used in the Freshpet Kitchens is 100% wind-powered. Freshpet Kitchens is a landfill-free facility and we plant trees to offset carbon emissions. We also strive to conserve energy by continually improving the efficiency of our Freshpet Fridges and partnering with freight and logistics providers committed to sustainable practices.

 motivate our team members and attract strong partners
 which allows us to fulfill our mission of delivering the best nutritional product choices to improve the well-being of our pets
 enrich pet parents&#8217; lives and contribute to communities. Freshpet&#8212;Pets
 People
 Planet.


 cat food and dog treats. All Freshpet products are made according to our nutritional philosophy of fresh
 meat-based nutrition and minimal processing. Our proprietary recipes include real
 fresh meat and varying combinations of vitamin-rich vegetables
 leafy greens and anti-oxidant rich fruits
 without the use of preservatives
 additives or artificial ingredients. Our unique product attributes appeal to diverse consumer needs across multiple classes of retail where Freshpet is sold. Consequently
 our brand resonates across a broad cross-section of pet parent demographics. 

 with ingredients
 packaging and labeling customized by different classes of trade and are available in multiple forms
 including slice and serve rolls
 bagged meals and tubs. 












 refrigerated pet food distributed across North America
 product innovation is core to our strategy. We take a fresh approach to pet food and are not constrained by conventional pet food products
 attributes and production capabilities. We employ a tightly-knit
 creative team of marketing and research and development professionals
 and we consult with outside experts through our Nutrition Council
 which consist of PhD&#8217;s in nutrition and veterinary nutritionists. Our team often identifies pet parents&#8217; needs by evaluating emerging demand trends in both pet food and human food. Our research and development facility located near the Freshpet Kitchens tests small batches of new recipes and tries out new cooking techniques. New products are refined iteratively with the help of consumer panel data to arrive at products that we believe can be commercially successful. 

 refrigerated slice and serve rolls
 and over time have steadily expanded into successful new product forms including bags
 tubs and treats. We also introduced new fresh recipes and ingredients
 such as proteins and grain-free options never before seen in pet food that cater to the specific dietary requirements of pets.

 which is part of our Freshpet Kitchens manufacturing plant
 helps us ensure that we remain capable of strong innovation including creating new product platforms to expand the breadth of our fresh offerings. We expect that new product introductions will continue to meaningfully drive growth going forward.

 All of our products are manufactured in the United States. We own and operate what we believe to be the first fresh
 refrigerated pet food manufacturing facility in North America
 the Freshpet Kitchens in Pennsylvania. This 100
000 square foot facility was built to United States Department of Agriculture standards and houses four production lines customized to produce fresh
 refrigerated food. In 2019
 approximately 99% of our product volume was manufactured by us.
 Due to the continued growth of the Company&#8217;s fresh pet food sales
 the Company has plans to continue expanding its manufacturing capacity. The Company converted three of its four manufacturing lines from five-day production to seven-day production during 2019 and converted the fourth line to seven-day production in January 2020. Additionally
 the Company is in the process of adding additional capacity by investing $105 million to build a 90
000 square-foot addition to our manufacturing location
 &#8220;Freshpet Kitchens 2.0&#8221;
 as well as investing $15 million at a manufacturing facility
 titled &#8220;Kitchens South&#8221;. The $120 million strategic capital investment is expected to support Freshpet&#8217;s growth in the United States
 Canada and Europe by creating total capacity for approximately $590 million in net sales from the facility. The facility Freshpet Kitchens 2.0 will make greater use of automation to improve quality
We expect to make future capital expenditures of approximately $300 million in connection with the development of our Freshpet Kitchens 3.0. We expect to fund such capital expenditures with cash from operations
 borrowings under credit facilities and possible debt and/or equity raises.
 Our products are made with natural and fresh ingredients including meat
 vegetables
 fruits
 whole grains
 vitamins and minerals. Over 60% of our ingredients are sourced locally from within a 200 mile radius of the Freshpet Kitchens
 and 96% are from North America. We maintain rigorous standards for ingredient quality and safety. By volume
 our largest input
 fresh chicken
 represents approximately 48% of total ingredients. In order to retain operating flexibility and negotiating leverage
 we do not enter into exclusivity agreements or long-term commitments with any of our suppliers. All of our suppliers are well-established companies that have the scale to support our growth. For every ingredient
 we either use multiple suppliers or have identified alternative sources of supply that meet our quality and safety standards. 
 Beginning in 2016
 outbound transportation from our facility is handled through a third-party refrigerated freight broker. We expect to be able to leverage certain distribution costs as volumes grow. We use national and regional distributors to cover the grocery (including online)
 mass
 pet specialty and natural retail classes.


 consistency and safety from ingredient sourcing to finished product. Our company-owned manufacturing facility allows us to exercise significant control over production. Our quality assurance team includes 31 professionals with significant experience in pet and human food production. 


Our production processes are designed to meet science-based quality standards with documented plans for Hazard Analysis Critical Control Points and Hazard Analysis Risk Based Preventive Control to monitor established production controls
 calibrate instruments
 record data and perform corrective actions. Our on-site laboratory has microbial and composition testing capabilities. Quality control approvals are based on a positive release strategy
 wherein a batch can only be shipped when it passes control point record reviews and laboratory testing. Before commencing production


 which is the highest standard determined under the Global Food Safety Initiative Benchmarks. We believe our systems and standards for product quality and safety can support our growth and ensure continued success in the market. 


 Canada
 the United Kingdom and Europe
 generating the vast majority of our sales in the United States. The strength of our business model makes us an attractive partner for leading blue-chip retailers
 who we believe find that Freshpet grows the sales of their pet category
 drives higher traffic
 increases shopper frequency and delivers category-leading margins. Our Freshpet Fridge locations have been consistently increasing as we add new retail accounts and add stores in existing accounts. We are in approximately 21
500 stores and believe there is opportunity for us to install a Freshpet Fridge in at least 30
000 stores in North America. We sell our products through the following classes of retail: grocery (including online)
 mass
 club
 pet specialty and natural. 

 our largest distributor by net sales
 McLane Company
 Inc.
 accounted for 17% of our net sales and our largest customer
 Phillips Feed Service
 Inc.
 accounted for 11% of our net sales.


 the Freshpet Fridges. Our Freshpet Fridges are typically four feet wide by seven feet high and replace standard shelving in the pet aisle or an end-cap of a retail store. Our Freshpet Fridge designs are constantly evolving with all new models featuring prominent edge-lit LED headers
 LED interior lighting
 crisp black interiors and frameless glass swing doors for aesthetics and easy access. We use state-of-the-art refrigeration technology and environmentally friendly refrigerants to minimize energy consumption and environmental impact. 

 produce
 install and maintain the Freshpet Fridge through a combination of in-house resources and world-class partners. We source our Freshpet Fridges from five leading global commercial refrigerator manufacturers with whom we have a collaborative approach to refrigerator design and innovation. Once ordered by us
 Freshpet Fridges are shipped to distribution centers for delivery and installation in retail stores. 

 and at any given time less than 0.5% of the network is out of service for maintenance. Moreover
 to ensure quality
 cleanliness and appropriate in-stock levels
 we employ brokerage partners to conduct a physical audit of the Freshpet Fridge network on an ongoing basis
 with photographic results of our Freshpet Fridges transmitted back to Freshpet for review by members of our sales team. 

 calculated by comparing our total current costs for a refrigerator (including installation and maintenance) to our current margin on net revenues. We believe our attractive value proposition to retailers and pet parents will allow us to continue penetrating store locations of existing and new customers. The Freshpet Fridge provides a highly-visible merchandising platform
 allows us to control how our brand is presented to consumers at point-of-sale and represents a significant point of differentiation from other pet food competitors. 


 digital and public relations to reach consumers through multiple touch points and increase product trials. 


21
We reach consumers across multiple digital and social media platforms including websites
 blogs and online reviews
 as well as with tailored messaging on popular digital hubs including Instagram
 Facebook
 Twitter and YouTube.&#160;&#160;



 Nestl&#233; and Big Heart Pet Brands (part of The J.M. Smucker Company). We also compete with specialty and natural pet food manufacturers such as Colgate-Palmolive and General Mills. In addition
 we compete with many regional niche brands in individual geographic markets. 

 with limited shelf space and a significant number of competing products
 competitors actively support their brands through marketing
 advertising
 promotional spending and discounting. 

 ingredients
 brand awareness and loyalty
 product variety
 product packaging and design
 reputation
 price
 advertising
 promotion and nutritional claims. We believe that we compete effectively with respect to each of these factors.


 2019
 we had 462 employees
 of which all but six are located in the United States. None of our employees are represented by a labor union or by any collective bargaining arrangements with respect to his or her employment with us. We believe that our employee relations are good.


 1st Floor
 Secaucus
 New Jersey 07094.


 annual proxy statements and related proxy cards are made available on our website at the same time they are mailed to stockholders. Our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 periodic reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports that we file or furnish pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;)
 are available through our website
 free of charge
 as soon as reasonably practicable after they have been electronically filed or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#8220;SEC&#8221;). Our website also provides access to reports filed by our directors
 executive officers and certain significant shareholders pursuant to Section 16 of the Exchange Act. In addition
 our Corporate Governance Guidelines
 General Code of Ethics
 Code of Ethics for Executive Officers and Principal Accounting Personnel and charters for the committees of our board of directors are available on our website as well as other shareholder communications. The information contained in or that can be accessed through our website does not constitute a part of
 and is not incorporated by reference into
 this report. The SEC maintains a website
 www.sec.gov
 which contains reports
 proxy and information statements and other information that we file electronically with the SEC.


 or for which applications are pending
 with the United States 


Patent and Trademark Office including
 among others
 Freshpet
 Vital
 Nature&#8217;s Fresh
 Roasted Meals
 Fresh From The Kitchen
 Freshpet Dog Joy

 Homestyle Creations and Pets People Planet

 Freshpet Fridges and manufacturing operations. 

 recipes and formulations
 continuing innovation and other trade secrets to develop and maintain our competitive position. 


 distributors
 and ingredients and packaging suppliers
 we are subject to extensive laws and regulations in the United States by federal
 state and local government authorities. In the United States
 the federal agencies governing the manufacture
 distribution and advertising of our products include
 among others
 the Federal Trade Commission
 the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (&#8220;FDA&#8221;)
 the U.S. Department of Agriculture
 the United States Environmental Protection Agency and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration. Under various statutes
 these agencies
 among other things
 prescribe the requirements and establish the standards for quality and safety and regulate our marketing and advertising to consumers. Certain of these agencies
 in certain circumstances
 must not only approve our products
 but also review the manufacturing processes and facilities used to produce these products before they can be marketed in the United States. In addition to agency regulation
 we are required to comply with state feed control requirements in the United States. We are also subject to the laws of Canada
 including the Canadian Food Inspection Agency
 and the United Kingdom
 including the Food Standards Agency
 as well as provincial and local regulations. 

 laws governing advertising
 privacy laws
 safety regulations and other laws
 including consumer protection regulations that regulate retailers or govern the promotion and sale of merchandise. Our operations
 and those of our distributors and suppliers
 are subject to various laws and regulations relating to environmental protection and worker health and safety matters. We monitor changes in these laws and believe that we are in material compliance with applicable laws. 


 customer service
 accounts payable
 accounts receivable
 purchasing
 asset management and manufacturing. Our order management process is automated via Electronic Data Interchange with virtually all our customers
 which feeds orders directly to our ERP platform. We complement the ERP system with a Warehouse Management System
 which allows us to improve tracking and management of ingredients and streamline manufacturing.





 you should carefully consider the risks described below and the other information contained in this report
 including our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. If any of the following risks actually occurs
 our business
 financial condition
 results of operations or cash flows could be materially adversely affected. In any such case
 the trading price of our common stock could decline
 and you could lose all or part of your investment. 



 in large part
 on our ability to implement our growth strategy of expanding distribution by installing new Freshpet Fridges
 attracting new consumers to our brand and launching new products. Our ability to increase awareness
 consumer trial and adoption of our products
 and to implement this growth strategy depends
 among other things
 on our ability to: 












































continue to compete effectively in multiple classes of retail
 including grocery (including online)
 mass
 club
 pet specialty and natural&#59; and 



















 financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected if we fail to implement our growth strategy or if we invest resources in a growth strategy that ultimately proves unsuccessful. 

 and we may not be able to generate sufficient cash flow or raise capital on acceptable terms to meet our needs. 

 we expect to rely on our cash flow from operations
 our credit facilities
 and other third-party financing. Third-party financing in the future may not
 however
 be available on terms favorable to us
 or at all. Our ability to obtain additional funding will be subject to various factors
 including general market conditions
 our operating performance
 the market&#8217;s perception of our growth potential
 lender sentiment and our ability to incur additional debt in compliance with other contractual restrictions
 such as financial covenants under our debt documents. 

 our ability to make payments on and to refinance any indebtedness and to fund planned expenditures for our growth plans will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. If our business does not achieve the levels of profitability or generate the amount of cash that we anticipate or if we expand faster than anticipated
 we may need to seek additional debt or equity financing to operate and expand our business. 

 expected cash flow from operations and planned borrowing capacity are adequate to fund debt service requirements
 operating lease obligations
 capital expenditures and working capital obligations for the foreseeable future. From time to time
 we may seek to raise additional capital by accessing the debt and/or equity markets to fund capital expenditures or otherwise. However
 our ability to continue to meet our capital resource requirements and obligations will depend on
 among other things
 our ability to achieve anticipated levels of revenue and cash flow from operations
 our ability to manage costs and working capital successfully and our ability to access the debt or equity markets. Additionally
 our cash flow generation ability is subject to general economic
 financial
 competitive
 legislative and regulatory factors and other factors that are beyond our control. We cannot assure you that our business will generate cash flow from operations in an amount sufficient to enable us to fund our liquidity needs. Further
 our capital requirements may vary materially from those currently planned if
 for example
 our revenues do not reach expected levels
 or we have to incur unforeseen capital expenditures and make investments to maintain our competitive position. If this is the case
 we may seek alternative financing
 such as selling additional debt or equity securities
 and we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so on favorable terms
 if at all. Moreover
 if we issue new 


debt securities
 the debt holders would have rights senior to common stockholders to make claims on our assets
 and the terms of any debt could restrict our operations
 including our ability to pay dividends on our common stock. If we issue additional equity or convertible debt securities
 existing stockholders may experience dilution
 and such new securities could have rights senior to those of our common stock. These factors may make the timing
 amount
 terms and conditions of additional financings unattractive. Our inability to raise capital could impede our growth or otherwise require us to forego growth opportunities and could materially adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 

 which is subject to regulatory uncertainty that could increase the cost of our variable rate indebtedness.

 international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. On July 27
 2017
 the United Kingdom's Financial Conduct Authority announced that it intends to stop persuading or compelling banks to submit LIBOR rates after 2021. It is expected that most
 if not all
 banks currently reporting information to set LIBOR will stop doing so at such time
 which could either cause LIBOR publication to stop immediately or cause LIBOR's regulator to announce the discontinuation of its publication (and
 during any such transition period
 LIBOR may perform differently than in the past). These reforms and other pressures may cause LIBOR to be replaced with a new benchmark or to perform differently than in the past. The consequences of these developments cannot be entirely predicted but could include an increase in the cost of our variable rate indebtedness.

 be mislabeled or misbranded
 or fail to comply with governmental regulations
 we may suffer adverse public relations
 need to recall our products and experience product liability claims. 

 including voluntary recalls or withdrawals
 and adverse public relations if our products are alleged to cause injury or illness or if we are alleged to have mislabeled or misbranded our products or otherwise violated governmental regulations. For example
 we have had legal claims brought against us in California for our use of the word &#8220;natural&#8221; in describing certain of our products. We may also voluntarily recall or withdraw products that we consider below our standards
 whether for taste
 appearance or otherwise
 in order to protect our brand reputation. Consumer or customer concerns (whether justified or not) regarding the quality or safety of our products could adversely affect our business. A product recall or withdrawal could result in substantial and unexpected expenditures
 destruction of product inventory
 and lost sales due to the unavailability of the product for a period of time
 which could reduce profitability and cash flow. In addition
 a product recall or withdrawal may require significant management attention. Product recalls
 product liability claims (even if unmerited or unsuccessful)
 or any other events that cause consumers to no longer associate our brands with high quality and safe products may also result in adverse publicity or legal challenges
 hurt the value of our brands
 lead to a decline in consumer confidence in and demand for our products
 and lead to increased scrutiny
 fines
 or other penalties by federal and state regulatory agencies of our operations
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 

 our insurance may not be adequate to cover all liabilities we may incur in connection with product liability claims. For example
 punitive damages are generally not covered by insurance. In addition
 we may not be able to continue to maintain our existing insurance
 obtain comparable insurance at a reasonable cost
 if at all
 or secure additional coverage (which may result in future product liability claims being uninsured). A product liability judgment against us or our agreement to settle a product liability claim could also result in substantial and unexpected expenditures
 which would reduce profitability and cash flow. In addition
 even if product liability claims against us are not successful or are not fully pursued
 these claims could harm our brand image
 be costly and time-consuming and may require management to spend time defending the claims rather than operating our business. 

 certain actions by a significant customer or financial difficulties of a significant customer could adversely affect our results of operations. 

 ten customers
 who purchase either directly from us or through third-party distributors
 collectively accounted for more than 70% of our net sales. In 2019
 our largest distributor by net sales
 McLane Company
 Inc.
 accounted for 17% of our net sales. These percentages may increase if there is consolidation among retailers or if mass merchandisers grow disproportionately to their competition. We expect that a significant portion of our revenues will continue to be derived from a small number of 


customers&#59; however
 these customers may not continue to purchase our products in the same quantities as they have in the past. Our customers are not contractually obligated to purchase from us. Changes in our customers&#8217; strategies
 including a reduction in the number of brands they carry
 shipping strategies
 a shift of shelf space to or increased emphasis on private label products (including &#8220;store brands&#8221;)
 a reduction in shelf space for pet food items or a reduction in the space allocated for our Freshpet Fridges may adversely affect our sales. Requirements that may be imposed on us by our customers
 such as sustainability
 inventory management or product specification requirements
 may have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Additionally
 especially during economic downturns
 our customers may face financial difficulties
 bankruptcy or other business disruptions that may impact their operations and their purchases from us and may affect their ability to pay us for products purchased from us. Customers may grow their inventory in anticipation of a price increase
 or in anticipation of
 or during
 our promotional events
 which typically provide for reduced prices during a specified time or other customer or consumer incentives. To the extent customers seek to reduce their usual or customary inventory levels or change their practices regarding purchases in excess of consumer consumption
 our sales and results of operations could be adversely impacted in that period. If our sales of products to one or more of our significant customers are reduced
 this reduction could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 

 in part
 on the sufficiency and effectiveness of our marketing and trade spending programs. 

 due to the highly competitive nature of the businesses in which we compete
 we must execute effective and efficient marketing investments and trade spending programs with respect to our businesses overall to sustain our competitive position in our markets. Marketing investments may be costly. Additionally
 we may
 from time to time
 change our marketing and trade spending strategies
 including the timing
 amount or nature of television advertising and related promotional programs. The sufficiency and effectiveness of our marketing and trade spending practices is important to our ability to retain or improve our market share or margins. If our marketing and trade spending programs are not successful or if we fail to implement sufficient and effective marketing and trade spending programs
 our business
 financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 


 manufacture
 marketing and distribution of pet food products. If consumer demand for our products decreased
 our business would suffer. Sales of pet food products are subject to evolving consumer preferences and changing demographics. A significant shift in consumer demand away from our products or a decline in pet ownership could reduce our sales or the prestige of our brand
 which would harm our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 

 the technical capability of our product development staff in developing and testing product prototypes
 including complying with governmental regulations
 and the success of our management and sales team in introducing and marketing new products. Failure to develop and market new products that appeal to consumers could negatively impact our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 

 the development and introduction of new products requires substantial research
 development and marketing expenditures
 which we may be unable to recoup if the new products do not gain widespread market acceptance. Efforts to accelerate our innovation may exacerbate risks associated with innovation. If we are unsuccessful in meeting our objectives with respect to new or improved products
 our business
 financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. 


Limited manufacturing capacity could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 

 Pennsylvania
 which we believe is North America&#8217;s first fresh
 refrigerated pet food manufacturing facility. Accordingly
 we have limited available manufacturing capacity to meet our quality standards. Due to the continued growth of the Company&#8217;s fresh pet food sales
 the Company is expanding its manufacturing capacity. The expansion includes the renovation of an existing 50
000 square foot building and a 90
000 square-foot addition
 &#8220;Freshpet Kitchens 2.0&#8221;
 and an investment in a manufacturing facility
 &#8220;Kitchens South&#8221;. The $120 million strategic capital investment is expected to support Freshpet&#8217;s growth in the United States
 Canada and Europe by creating total capacity for approximately $590 million in net sales from the facility. The facility Freshpet Kitchens 2.0 will make greater use of automation to improve quality
 safety and reduce costs. Production start-up is slated for the second half of 2020. Our Freshpet Kitchens 2.0 may not be successfully completed on a timely basis
 or at all
 or we may not achieve our expected results following its completion. We expect to make future capital expenditures of approximately $300 million in connection with the development of our Freshpet Kitchens 3.0. We expect to fund such capital expenditures with cash from operations
 borrowings under credit facilities and possible debt and/or equity raises.


 an unforeseen event
 such as a natural disaster or work stoppage
 at our Freshpet Kitchens could significantly limit our manufacturing capacity. 

 which may cause our estimates to be inaccurate
 affecting our ability to obtain adequate manufacturing capacity.

 we may not be able to increase our own manufacturing capacity to
 or obtain contract manufacturing capacity at
 a level that meets demand for our products
 which could prevent us from meeting increased customer demand and harm our business. However
 if we overestimate our demand and overbuild our capacity
 we may have significantly underutilized assets
 and we may experience reduced margins. If we do not accurately align our manufacturing capabilities with demand
 it could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 


 and the reputation we enjoy with suppliers
 contract manufacturers
 distributors
 customers and consumers. The loss of the services of any of these employees could have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects
 as we may not be able to find and integrate suitable replacements on a timely basis
 if at all. In addition
 any such departure could be viewed in a negative light by investors and analysts
 which may cause the price of our common stock to decline. 

 scrutiny
 warnings and public perception could increase our costs of production and increase legal and regulatory expenses. 

 processing
 labeling
 packaging
 storing and distributing pet products are activities subject to extensive federal
 state and local regulation
 as well as foreign regulation. In the United States
 these aspects of our operations are regulated by the FDA
 and various state and local public health and agricultural agencies. The FDA Food Safety Modernization Act of 2011 provides direct recall authority to the FDA and includes a number of other provisions designed to enhance food safety
 including increased inspections by the FDA of domestic and foreign food facilities and increased review of food products imported into the United States. In addition
 many states have adopted the Association of American Feed Control Officials&#8217; model pet food regulations or variations thereof
 which generally regulate the information manufacturers provide about pet food. Complying with government regulation can be costly or may otherwise adversely affect our business. Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could subject us to civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions
 recalls or seizures
 as well as potential criminal sanctions
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 

 both in the United States and elsewhere. Issues such as national security or health and safety
 which slow or otherwise restrict imports or exports
 could adversely affect our business. In addition
 the modification of existing laws or regulations or the introduction of new laws 





 including consumer class actions
 alleging that our product claims are deceptive
 such as products being mislabeled or misbranded. Regardless of their merit
 these claims can require significant time and expense to investigate and defend. Whether or not a false marketing claim is successful
 such assertions could have an adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations
 and the negative publicity surrounding them could harm our reputation and brand image. 

 natural disasters
 pestilences and other natural conditions can disrupt our operations
 which can adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 

 among others
 meat
 vegetables
 fruits
 carrageenans
 whole grains
 vitamins and minerals) are vulnerable to adverse weather conditions and natural disasters
 such as floods
 droughts
 frosts
 fires
 earthquakes
 tornadoes and pestilences. Adverse weather conditions may be impacted by climate change and other factors. Adverse weather conditions and natural disasters can reduce crop size and crop quality
 which in turn could reduce our supply of ingredients
 lower recoveries of usable ingredients
 increase the prices of our ingredients
 increase our transportation costs or increase our cost of storing ingredients if harvests are accelerated and processing capacity is unavailable. Additionally
 the growth of crops
 as well as the manufacture and processing of our products
 requires significant amounts of water. Drought or other causes of a reduction of water in aquifers may affect availability of water
 which in turn may adversely affect our results of operations. Competing manufacturers may be affected differently by weather conditions and natural disasters depending on the location of their supplies or operations. If our supply of ingredients is reduced
 we may not be able to find enough supplemental supply sources on favorable terms
 if at all
 which could impact our ability to supply product to our customers and adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations. Increased costs for ingredients or other inputs could also adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations as described in &#8220;&#8212;The inputs
 commodities and ingredients that we require are subject to price increases and shortages that could adversely affect our results of operations.&#8221; 

 adverse weather conditions
 natural disasters or other natural conditions affecting our operating activities or major facilities could cause an interruption or delay in our production or delivery schedules and loss of inventory and/or data or render us unable to accept and fulfill customer orders in a timely manner
 or at all. If our operations are damaged by a fire
 flood or other disaster
 for example
 we may be subject to supply or delivery interruptions
 destruction of our facilities and products or other business disruptions
 which could adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 

 or the quality of our products that customers have come to expect
 our business could suffer. 

 increasing awareness of our brand
 creating and maintaining brand loyalty and increasing the availability of our products. 

 our brand value could diminish significantly due to a number of factors
 including consumer perception that we have acted in an irresponsible manner
 adverse publicity about our products (whether or not valid)
 our failure to maintain the quality of our products
 product contamination
 the failure of our products to deliver consistently positive consumer experiences
 or the products becoming unavailable to consumers. The growing use of social and digital media by consumers increases the speed and extent that information and opinions can be shared. Negative posts or comments about us or our brands or products on social or digital media could damage our brands and reputation. If we fail to maintain the favorable perception of our brands
 our business
 financial condition and results of operations could be negatively impacted. 

 our results of operations could be adversely affected. 

 with competition based primarily upon brand recognition and loyalty
 product 


packaging
 quality and innovation
 taste
 nutrition
 breadth of product line
 price and convenience. We compete with a significant number of companies of varying sizes
 including divisions or subsidiaries of larger companies. We face strong competition from competitors&#8217; products that are sometimes sold at lower prices. Price gaps between our products and our competitors&#8217; products may result in market share erosion and harm our business. A number of our competitors have broader product lines
 substantially greater financial and other resources and/or lower fixed costs than we have. Our competitors may succeed in developing new or enhanced products
 including fresh
 refrigerated pet food
 that are more attractive to customers or consumers than our products. These competitors may also prove to be more successful in marketing and selling their products or may be better able to increase prices to reflect cost pressures. We may not compete successfully with these other companies or maintain or grow the distribution of our products. We cannot predict the pricing or promotional activities of our competitors or whether they will have a negative effect on us. Many of our competitors engage in aggressive pricing and promotional activities. There are competitive pressures and other factors which could cause our products to lose market share or decline in sales or result in significant price or margin erosion
 which would have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 

 our business
 financial condition and results of operations may suffer. 

 known as Freshpet Fridges. If the operating capacity of our Freshpet Fridges is harmed by external factors
 such as adverse weather or energy supply
 or internal factors
 such as faulty manufacturing or insufficient maintenance
 our products contained in those fridges may be damaged and need to be discarded. In addition
 if our Freshpet Fridges fail to operate as intended
 for any reason
 the reputation of our Freshpet Fridges with customers and the reputation of our brand with consumers may decline. In such event
 customers may choose to discontinue
 or not to expand
 their use of Freshpet Fridges and our products and consumers may choose to forgo purchasing our products. Additionally
 growing concern about the environmental impact of refrigerators could likewise harm the reputation of our Freshpet Fridges with customers and our brand with consumers. Any such harm to the operating capacity or reputation of our Freshpet Fridges could adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 

 our business
 financial conditions and results of operations may be harmed. 

 copyright
 trade secret
 patent and other intellectual property laws
 as well as nondisclosure and confidentiality agreements and other methods
 to protect our intellectual property rights as well as the intellectual property of third parties with respect to which we are subject to non-use and non-disclosure obligations. We may need to engage in litigation or similar activities to enforce our intellectual property rights
 to protect our trade secrets or to determine the validity and scope of proprietary rights of others. Any such litigation could require us to expend significant resources and divert the efforts and attention of our management and other personnel from our business operations. The steps we take to prevent misappropriation
 infringement or other violation of our intellectual property or the intellectual property of others may not be successful. In addition
 effective patent
 copyright
 trademark and trade secret protection may be unavailable or limited for some of our trademarks and patents in some foreign countries. Failure to protect our intellectual property could harm our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 

 and we have registered or applied to register many of these trademarks. We cannot assure you that our trademark applications will be approved. Third parties may also oppose our trademark applications
 or otherwise challenge our use of the trademarks. In the event that our trademarks are successfully challenged
 we could be forced to rebrand our products
 which could result in the loss of brand recognition and could require us to devote resources to advertising and marketing new brands. Further
 we cannot assure you that competitors will not infringe our trademarks
 or that we will have adequate resources to enforce our trademarks. 

 ingredients sourcing
 cooking techniques
 packaging
 transportation and delivery. It is possible that others will independently develop the same or similar know-how or otherwise obtain access to our proprietary know-how. To protect our trade secrets and other proprietary know-how
 we require employees
 consultants
 advisors and collaborators to enter into confidentiality agreements. We cannot assure you that these agreements will provide meaningful protection in the event of any unauthorized use
 misappropriation or disclosure of our trade secrets
 know-how or other proprietary information. If we are unable to maintain the proprietary nature of our recipes
 methods and other know-how
 we could be materially adversely affected.



Because our ability to effectively implement price increases for our products can be affected by factors outside of our control
 our profitability and growth depend significantly on our efforts to control our operating costs. Because many of our costs
 such as energy and logistics costs
 packaging costs and ingredient
 commodity and raw product costs
 are affected by factors outside or substantially outside our control
 we generally must seek to control or reduce costs through operating efficiency or other initiatives. If we are not able to identify and complete initiatives designed to control or reduce costs and increase operating efficiency on time or within budget
 our results of operations could be adversely impacted. In addition
 if the cost savings initiatives we have implemented to date
 or any future cost-savings initiatives
 do not generate expected cost savings
 our business
 financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

 commodities and ingredients that we require are subject to price increases and shortages that could adversely affect our results of operations. 

 commodities and ingredients that we use include meat
 vegetables
 fruits
 carrageenans
 whole grains
 vitamins
 minerals
 packaging and energy (including wind power). Prices for these and other items we use may be volatile
 and we may experience shortages in these items due to factors beyond our control
 such as commodity market fluctuations
 availability of supply
 increased demand (whether for the item we require or for other items
 which in turn impacts the item we require)
 weather conditions
 natural disasters
 currency fluctuations
 governmental regulations (including import restrictions)
 agricultural programs or issues
 energy programs
 labor strikes and the financial health of our suppliers. Input
 commodity and ingredient price increases or shortages may result in higher costs or interrupt our production schedules
 each of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Production delays could lead to reduced sales volumes and profitability
 as well as loss of market share. Higher costs could adversely impact our earnings. For example
 fuel prices affect our transportation costs for both ingredients and finished product. If we are not able to implement our productivity initiatives or increase our product prices to offset price increases of our inputs
 commodities and ingredients
 as a result of consumer sensitivity to pricing or otherwise
 or if sales volumes decline due to price increases
 our results of operations could be adversely affected. Our competitors may be better able than we are to implement productivity initiatives or effect price increases or to otherwise pass along cost increases to their customers. Moreover
 if we increase our prices in response to increased costs
 we may need to increase marketing spending
 including trade promotion spending
 in order to retain our market share. Such increased marketing spending may significantly offset the benefits
 if any
 of any price increase and negatively impact our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 

 alleged to be contaminated or are otherwise rumored to have adverse effects
 our results of operations could be adversely affected. 

 for any reason
 we may need to find alternate ingredients for our products
 delay production of our products
 or discard or otherwise dispose of our products
 which could adversely affect our results of operations. Additionally
 if this occurs after the affected product has been distributed
 we may need to withdraw or recall the affected product and we may experience adverse publicity or product liability claims. In either case
 our business
 financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

 financial condition and results of operations. 

 such as bovine spongiform encephalopathy
 or &#8220;mad cow disease.&#8221; As a result of extensive global publicity and trade restrictions imposed to provide safeguards against mad cow disease
 the cost of alternative sources of the protein-based ingredients we use in our products has from time to time increased significantly and may increase again in the future if additional cases of mad cow disease are found. 

 such as foot-and-mouth disease or highly pathogenic avian influenza
 also known as &#8220;bird flu
&#8221; impacts the availability of the protein-based ingredients we use in our products
 we may be required to locate alternative sources for protein-based ingredients. Those sources may not be available to sustain our sales volumes
 may be more costly and may affect the quality and nutritional value of our products. If outbreaks of mad cow disease
 foot-and-mouth disease
 bird flu or any other animal disease or the regulation or publicity resulting therefrom impacts the cost of the protein-based ingredients we use in our products
 or the cost of the alternative protein-based ingredients necessary for our products as compared to our current costs
 we may be required to increase the selling price of our products to avoid margin deterioration. However
 we may not be able to charge higher prices for our products without negatively impacting future sales volumes. 




 from time to time
 a co-packer may experience financial difficulties
 bankruptcy or other business disruptions
 which could disrupt our supply of finished goods or require that we incur additional expense by providing financial accommodations to the co-packer or taking other steps to seek to minimize or avoid supply disruption
 such as establishing a new co-packing arrangement with another provider. During an economic downturn
 our co-packers may be more susceptible to experiencing such financial difficulties
 bankruptcies or other business disruptions. A new co-packing arrangement may not be available on terms as favorable to us as the existing co-packing arrangement
 if at all. 

 including inventory levels
 our business
 financial condition and results of operation may be adversely affected. 

 co-packer
 third-party distributor or transportation provider to deliver or perform for us in a timely or cost-effective manner could cause our operating costs to increase and our profit margins to decrease. We must continuously monitor our inventory and product mix against forecasted demand or risk having inadequate supplies to meet consumer demand
 as well as having too much inventory on hand that may reach its expiration date and become unsaleable. Changes in the availability and cost of freight may affect our supply chain and ultimately the pricing and availability of our products. If we are unable to manage our supply chain effectively and ensure that our products are available to meet consumer demand
 our operating costs could increase and our profit margins could decrease. 


 shipment tracking and freight dispatch services. Our use of transportation services for shipments is subject to risks
 including increases in fuel prices
 which would increase our shipping costs
 and employee strikes and inclement weather
 which may impact the ability of providers to provide delivery services that adequately meet our shipping needs
 including keeping our products adequately refrigerated during shipment. Any such change could cause us to incur costs and expend resources. Moreover
 in the future we may not be able to obtain terms as favorable as those we receive from the third-party transportation providers that we currently use
 which in turn would increase our costs and thereby adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 

 our results of operations may be adversely affected. 

 including competition
 our competitors&#8217; pricing and marketing
 aggregate industry supply
 category limitations
 market demand and economic conditions
 including inflationary pressures. During challenging economic times
 our ability to increase the prices of our products may be particularly constrained. Additionally
 customers may pressure us to rescind price increases that we have announced or already implemented (either through a change in list price or increased promotional activity). If we are unable to maintain or increase prices for our products (or must increase promotional activity)
 our results of operations could be adversely affected. Furthermore
 price increases generally result in volume losses
 as consumers purchase fewer units. If such losses (also referred to as the elasticity impact) are greater than expected or if we lose distribution due to a price increase (which may result from a customer response or otherwise)
 our business
 financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 


 we have expanded our global footprint by entering into new markets and may expand into additional markets in the future. For example
 we currently do business with three retailers in the United Kingdom
 where our products are selling in 374 stores.&#160;&#160;As we expand our business into new countries
 we may encounter regulatory
 personnel
 technological and other difficulties that increase our expenses or delay our ability to become profitable in such countries. This may have an adverse effect on our business. These risks include:






































 tax rates in some countries that may exceed those of the United States or Canada and lower earnings due to withholding requirements or the imposition of tariffs
 exchange controls or other restrictions&#894;






















































 regulatory or tax requirements&#894;









 processes and procedures&#894;


























impact on our business and market opportunities
 including nationalization of private enterprise&#894;









 transfer pricing regulations or other similar regulations&#894;





























 our expansion into new countries may require significant resources and the efforts and attention of our management and other personnel
 which will divert resources from our existing business operations. As we expand our business globally
 our success will depend
 in large part
 on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these and other risks associated with our operations outside of the United States and Canada.

 train and retain employees
 we may not be able to grow or successfully operate our business. 

 train and retain a sufficient number of employees who understand and appreciate our culture and are able to represent our brand effectively and establish credibility with our business partners and consumers. If we are unable to hire and retain employees capable of meeting our business needs and expectations
 our business and brand image may be impaired. Any failure to meet our staffing needs or any material increase in turnover rates of our employees may adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 


 our employees may elect to be represented by labor unions in the future. If a significant number of our employees were to become unionized and collective bargaining agreement terms were significantly different from our current compensation arrangements
 it could adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations. In addition
 a labor dispute involving some or all of our employees may harm our reputation
 disrupt our operations and reduce our revenues
 and resolution of disputes may increase our costs. 


As an employer
 we may be subject to various employment-related claims
 such as individual or class actions or government enforcement actions relating to alleged employment discrimination
 employee classification and related withholding
 wage-hour
 labor standards or healthcare and benefit issues. Such actions
 if successful in whole or in part
 may affect our ability to compete or could materially adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 

 results of operations and financial condition. 

 customer and consumer demand for our products. In addition
 our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with our suppliers
 contract manufacturers
 distributors
 customers
 consumers and creditors may suffer. Consumers have access to lower-priced offerings and
 during economic downturns
 may shift purchases to these lower-priced or other perceived value offerings. Customers may become more conservative in response to these conditions and seek to reduce their inventories. For example
 during the economic downturn from 2007 through 2009
 customers significantly reduced their inventories. Our results of operations depend upon
 among other things
 our ability to maintain and increase sales volume with our existing customers
 to attract new consumers and to provide products that appeal to consumers at prices they are willing and able to pay. Prolonged unfavorable economic conditions may have an adverse effect on our sales and profitability. 

 which may adversely affect our business. Climate change or concerns regarding climate change may increase environmental regulation and environmental risks. 

 we are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations. Many of these laws and regulations are becoming increasingly stringent and compliance with them is becoming increasingly expensive. Changes in environmental conditions may result in existing legislation having a greater impact on us. Additionally
 we may be subject to new legislation and regulation in the future. For example
 increasing concern about climate change may result in additional federal and state legal and regulatory requirements to reduce or mitigate the effects of green-house gas emissions. Compliance with environmental legislation and regulations
 particularly if they are more aggressive than our current sustainability measures used to monitor our emissions and improve our energy efficiency
 may increase our costs and adversely affect our results of operations. We cannot predict the extent to which any environmental law or regulation that may be enacted or enforced in the future may affect our operations. The effect of these actions and future actions on the availability and use of pesticides could adversely impact our financial position or results of operations. If the cost of compliance with applicable environmental laws or regulations increases
 our business
 financial condition and results of operations could be negatively impacted. 


 introduce and acquire products
 the risk of such claims may be exacerbated. Any such claims
 even those without merit
 could (i)&#160;require us to expend significant resources
 (ii)&#160;cause us to cease making or using products that incorporate the challenged intellectual property
 (iii)&#160;require us to redesign
 reengineer or rebrand our products or packaging
 including our Freshpet Fridges
 (iv)&#160;divert management&#8217;s attention and resources or (v)&#160;require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements in order to obtain the right to use a third-party&#8217;s intellectual property
 which may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. Any of such events may adversely impact our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 


 some of which are managed by third-party service providers. We rely on our information technology systems to effectively manage our business data
 communications
 supply chain
 order entry and fulfillment
 and other business processes. The failure of our information technology systems to perform as we anticipate could disrupt our business and could result in transaction errors
 processing inefficiencies
 and the loss of sales and customers
 causing our business and results of operations to suffer. In addition
 our information technology systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from circumstances beyond our control
 including fire
 natural disasters
 power outages
 systems failures
 security breaches
 cyber-attacks and viruses. Any such damage or interruption could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 




 employees
 suppliers and others
 including personal identification information. Security breaches could expose us to a risk of loss or misuse of this information
 litigation
 and potential liability. We may not have the resources or technical sophistication to anticipate or prevent rapidly-evolving types of cyber-attacks. Attacks may be targeted at us
 our customers and suppliers
 or others who have entrusted us with information. Actual or anticipated attacks may cause us to incur increasing costs
 including costs to deploy additional personnel and protection technologies
 train employees
 and engage third-party experts and consultants. Advances in computer capabilities
 new technological discoveries or other developments may result in the technology used by us to protect transaction or other data being breached or compromised. In addition
 data and security breaches can also occur as a result of non-technical issues
 including breach by us or by persons with whom we have commercial relationships that result in the unauthorized release of personal or confidential information. Any compromise or breach of our security could result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws
 significant legal and financial exposure
 and a loss of confidence in our security measures
 which could have an adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 

 which could adversely affect our financial results.

 2019
 we had federal net operating loss (&#8220;NOLs&#8221;) carryforwards of approximately $198.1 million and state NOLs of approximately $160.0 million that we may use to offset against taxable income for U.S. federal and state income tax purposes
 respectively. In general
 a corporation that undergoes an &#8216;&#8216;ownership change&#8217;&#8217; is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its &#8220;pre-ownership change&#8221; NOLs to offset future taxable income. In general
 under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended (the &#8220;Code&#8221;)
 an ownership change occurs if the aggregate stock ownership of certain stockholders (generally 5% stockholders
 applying certain look-through and aggregation rules) increases by more than 50 percentage points over such stockholders&#8217; lowest percentage ownership during the testing period (generally three years). Purchases or sales of our common stock in amounts greater than specified levels
 which are generally beyond our control
 could create a limitation on our ability to utilize our NOLs for tax purposes in the future. Limitations imposed on our ability to utilize NOLs could cause U.S. federal and state income taxes to be paid earlier than would be paid if such limitations were not in effect. In addition
 under the tax reform bill commonly known as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act
 (i) the amount of NOLs generated in taxable years beginning after December 31
 2017 that we are permitted to deduct in any taxable year is limited to 80% of our taxable income in such year
 and (ii) NOLs generated in taxable years beginning after December 31
 2017 cannot be carried back to prior taxable years.  Furthermore
 we may not be able to generate sufficient taxable income to utilize our NOLs before they expire. If any of these events occur
 we may not derive some or all of the expected benefits from our NOLs. In addition
 NOLs incurred in one state may not be available to offset income earned in a different state. Furthermore
 there may be periods during which the use of NOLs is suspended or otherwise limited for state tax purposes
 which could accelerate or permanently increase state taxes owed. 


 we are required to comply with the SEC&#8217;s rules implementing Section&#160;302 and 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 which require management to certify financial and other information in our quarterly and annual reports and provide an annual management report on the effectiveness of controls over financial reporting. If we identify weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting
 are unable to comply with the requirements of Section&#160;404 in a timely manner or to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective
 or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
 investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our common stock could be negatively affected
 and we could become subject to investigations by NASDAQ
 the SEC or other regulatory authorities
 which could require additional financial and management resources. 


 some of which are beyond our control
 resulting in a decline in our stock price. 

 including: 



















profitability of our Freshpet Fridges
 especially in new markets&#59; 


























macroeconomic conditions
 both nationally and locally&#59; 























































 our quarterly and annual operating results may fluctuate significantly. Accordingly
 results for any one quarter are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for any other quarter or for any year for any particular future period may decrease. In the future
 operating results may fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors. In that event
 the price of our common stock would likely decrease.



 and may continue to be
 volatile
 and you may not be able to resell your shares at or above the purchase price. Such volatility could be based on various factors in addition to those otherwise described in this report
 including those described under &#8220;Risks Related to Our Business and Industry&#8221; and the following: 

















the public&#8217;s reaction to our press releases
 our other public announcements and our filings with the SEC&#59; 

















global
 national or local economic
 legal and regulatory factors unrelated to our performance&#59; 

















future sales of our common stock
 including by our officers
 directors and significant stockholders&#59; 

















other developments affecting us
 our industry or our competitors. 

 in recent years the stock market has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations. These fluctuations may be unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These broad market fluctuations may cause declines in the market price of our common stock. The price of our common stock could fluctuate based upon factors that have little or nothing to do with our business
 financial condition and results of operations
 and those fluctuations could materially reduce our common stock price. 

 we are especially vulnerable to these factors to the extent that they affect our industry or our products. In the past
 securities class action litigation has often been initiated against companies following periods of volatility in their stock price and we are currently defending against the claims made in Curran v. Freshpet
 Inc. et al and Meldon v. Freshpet
 Inc. et al. This type of litigation could result in substantial costs and divert our management&#8217;s attention and resources and could also require us to make substantial payments to satisfy judgments or to settle litigation. 

 or the perception that such sales may occur
 could depress our common stock price. 

 2019
 we had 36
148
264 shares of common stock outstanding
 and our Certificate of Incorporation authorizes us to issue up to 200 million shares of common stock. 


In the future
 we may issue additional shares of common stock or other securities if we need to raise additional capital. The number of new shares of our common stock issued in connection with raising additional capital could constitute a material portion of the then outstanding shares of our common stock. Any future sales of our common stock
 or the perception that such sales may occur
 could negatively impact the price of our common stock. 

 our stock price and trading volume could decline. 

 our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of us or fails to publish reports on us regularly
 demand for our common stock could decrease
 which could cause our stock prices and trading volume to decline. 


 if any
 for future operations
 expansion and debt repayment and have no current plans to pay any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Any future determination to declare and pay cash dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on
 among other things
 our financial condition
 results of operations
 cash requirements
 contractual restrictions and such other factors as our Board of Directors deems relevant. Our ability to pay dividends may also be limited by covenants of any future outstanding indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur. As a result
 you may not receive any return on an investment in our common stock unless you sell our common stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it. 

 even if the acquisition would be beneficial to our stockholders
 and could make it more difficult for you to change our management. 

 we have a classified Board of Directors with three-year staggered terms
 which could delay the ability of stockholders to change membership of a majority of our Board of Directors. These provisions may make it more difficult or expensive for a third-party to acquire a majority of our outstanding equity interests. These provisions also may delay
 prevent or deter a merger
 acquisition
 tender offer
 proxy contest or other transaction that might otherwise result in our stockholders receiving a premium over the market price for their common stock. 


 in each case
 to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. In addition
 we have entered and expect to continue to enter into agreements to indemnify our directors
 executive officers and other employees as determined by our Board of Directors. Under the terms of such indemnification agreements
 we are required to indemnify each of our directors and officers
 to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the state of Delaware
 if the basis of the indemnitee&#8217;s involvement was by reason of the fact that the indemnitee is or was a director or officer of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or was serving at the Company&#8217;s request in an official capacity for another entity. We must indemnify our officers and directors against all reasonable fees
 expenses
 charges and other costs of any type or nature whatsoever
 including any and all expenses and obligations paid or incurred in connection with investigating
 defending
 being a witness in
 participating in (including on appeal)
 or preparing to defend
 be a witness or participate in any completed
 actual
 pending or threatened action
 suit
 claim or proceeding
 whether civil
 criminal
 administrative or investigative
 or establishing or enforcing a right to indemnification under the indemnification agreement. The indemnification agreements also require us
 if so requested
 to advance within 30 days of such request all reasonable fees
 expenses
 charges and other costs that such director or officer incurred
 provided that such person will return any such advance if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to indemnification by us. Any claims for indemnification by our directors and officers may reduce our available funds to satisfy successful third-party claims against us and may reduce the amount of money available to us. 


Future offerings of debt securities
 which would rank senior to our common stock upon our bankruptcy or liquidation
 and future offerings of equity securities that may be senior to our common stock for the purposes of dividend and liquidating distributions
 may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

 we may attempt to increase our capital resources by making offerings of debt securities or additional offerings of equity securities. Upon bankruptcy or liquidation
 holders of our debt securities and shares of preferred stock and lenders with respect to other borrowings will receive a distribution of our available assets prior to the holders of our common stock. Additional equity offerings may dilute the holdings of our existing stockholders or reduce the market price of our common stock
 or both
 and may result in future Section&#160;382 limitations that could reduce the rate at which we utilize our NOL carryforwards. Preferred stock
 if issued
 could have a preference on liquidating distributions or a preference on dividend payments or both that could limit our ability to make a dividend distribution to the holders of our common stock. Our decision to issue securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control. As a result
 we cannot predict or estimate the amount
 timing or nature of our future offerings
 and purchasers of our common stock in this offering bear the risk of our future offerings reducing the market price of our common stock and diluting their ownership interest in our company.






 located in Secaucus
 New Jersey and consisting of approximately 24
000 square feet of office space
 is subject to a lease agreement that expires on June&#160;30
 2024.

 our approximately 100
000 square foot manufacturing facility in Bethlehem
 Pennsylvania. We believe that our properties have been adequately maintained
 are in good condition generally and are suitable and adequate for its business as presently conducted.

 the Company is expanding its manufacturing capacity. The expansion includes the renovation of an existing 50
000 square foot building and a 90
000 square-foot addition. The $105 million strategic capital investment is expected to support Freshpet&#8217;s growth in the United States
 Canada and Europe by creating total capacity for approximately $590 million in net sales from the facility. The facility &#8220;Freshpet Kitchens 2.0&#8221; will make greater use of automation to improve quality
 safety and reduce costs. Production start-up is slated for the second half of 2020. 

 borrowings under credit facilities and possible debt and/or equity raises.

We are party to litigation proceedings. While the results of such litigation proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty
 management believes that the final outcome will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition
 results of operations or cash flows. See also &#8220;Item 1A. Risk Factors&#8221; and 






 related stockholder matters and issueR purchases of equity secuRIties 






 20


 we have not declared or paid
 and do not anticipate declaring or paying in the foreseeable future
 any cash dividends on our capital stock. Any future determination to declare and pay cash dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors in accordance with applicable laws and will depend on
 among other things
 our financial condition
 results of operations
 cash requirements
 contractual restrictions and such other factors as our Board of Directors deems relevant. Our ability to pay dividends may also be limited by covenants of any future outstanding indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur.




 and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Freshpet
 Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &#8220;Securities Act&#8221;)
 or the Exchange Act. 

 2019. The graph assumes that $100 was invested on December 31
 2014 in each of our common stock
 the NASDAQ Composite and the Russell 3000. The comparisons in the table are required by the SEC and are not intended to forecast or be indicative of possible future performance of our common stock.













 Inc.




































































































































































 2019
 2018 and 2017 and the consolidated balance sheets data as of December 31
 2019 and 2018 from our audited consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this report. The consolidated statement of operations data for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 and the consolidated balance sheet data as of December 31
 2017
 2016 and 2015 have been derived from our audited consolidated financial statements
 which are not included in this report.



































































862








237








359








707








505












665








247








943








336








856












197








990








416








371








649






 general and administrative expenses






450








876








167








586








297




















886








751








215








648






 net






























































































239








284








187








095








653
























































383








361








262








161








711




























































































































































































950
117








329
170








487
239








674
416








497
940












950
117








329
170








487
239








674
416








497
940





















































































































315








129








056








953








887












837








164








630








530








294












963








783








930








814








555
























































570








499








004








609








015












673








080








414








490








376












159








280








565








654








110
























































489








938








450








248








416
























































473








698








797








651








347




































































































550








175








287








817








071












083








099








716








135








082












633








274








003








952








153







































































472








554








184








908








029












































250












338








741








265
















246












126








965








900








451








098












466
























000




















265








474








903








783








950














 Adjusted EBITDA
 Adjusted Gross Profit and Adjusted SG&#38;A Expenses are not financial measures prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
 or GAAP. These metrics are explained in more detail in the section &#8220;Non-GAAP Financial Measures&#8221; in &#8220;Item 7&#8212;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations
&#8221; where they are reconciled to the closest GAAP measure.








































 including those set forth in &#8220;Risk Factors.&#8221; The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report
 as well as the information presented under &#8220;Selected Financial Data.&#8221; For more information regarding our consolidated results and liquidity and capital resources for the year ended December 31
 2018 as compared to the year ended December 31
 2017
 refer to Part II-Item 7. Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the Company's 2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K
 which information is incorporated herein by reference.


 fresh food to our dogs and cats. We were inspired by the rapidly growing view among pet owners that their dogs and cats are a part of their family
 leading them to demand healthier pet food choices. Since inception of the company in 2006
 we have created a comprehensive business model to deliver wholesome pet food that pet parents can trust
 and in the process
 we believe we have become one of the fastest growing pet food companies in North America. Our business model is difficult for others to replicate and we see significant opportunity for future growth by leveraging the unique elements of our business
 including our brand
 our product know-how
 our Freshpet Kitchens
 our refrigerated distribution
 our Freshpet Fridge and our culture. 



 the Company has plans to continue expanding its manufacturing capacity. The Company converted three of its four manufacturing lines from five-day production to seven-day production in 2019
 and converted the fourth line to seven-day production in January 2020. To date
 the conversion to seven-day production has added more than 170 employees to the Freshpet team. Additionally
 the Company is in the process of adding additional capacity by investing $105 million to build a 90
000 square-foot addition to our manufacturing location
 &#8220;Freshpet kitchens 2.0&#8221;
 as well as investing $15 million at a manufacturing facility titled &#8220;Kitchens South&#8221;. The $120 million strategic capital investment is expected to support Freshpet&#8217;s growth in the United States
 Canada and Europe by creating total capacity for approximately $590 million in net sales from the facility. The facility Freshpet Kitchens 2.0 will make greater use of automation to improve quality
 safety and reduce costs. Production start-up is slated for the second half of 2020. During the year ended December 31
 2019

 borrowings under credit facilities and possible debt and/or equity raises.





 who purchase either directly from us or through third-party distributors. Our products are sold to consumers through a fast-growing network of company-owned branded refrigerators
 known as Freshpet Fridges
 located in our customers&#8217; stores. We continue to roll out Freshpet Fridges across leading retailers across North America and parts of Europe and have installed Freshpet Fridges in approximately 21
500 retail stores as of December&#160;31
 2019. Our products are sold under the Freshpet brand name
 with ingredients
 packaging and labeling customized by class of retail. Sales are recorded net of discounts
 slotting
 returns and promotional allowances. 









Increasing sales velocity from the average Freshpet Fridge due to increasing awareness
 trial and adoption of Freshpet products and innovation. Our investments in marketing and advertising help to drive awareness and trial at each point of sale. 








Increased penetration of Freshpet Fridge locations in major classes of retail
 including grocery (including online)
 mass
 club
 pet specialty and natural. The impact of new Freshpet Fridge installations on our net sales varies by 









retail class and depends on numerous factors including store traffic
 refrigerator size
 placement within the store and proximity to other stores that carry our products. 








Consumer trends including growing pet ownership
 pet humanization and a focus on health and wellness. 

 we will continue to penetrate the pet food marketplace and increase our share of the pet food category.


 which include the costs of product manufacturing
 product ingredients
 packaging materials
 inbound freight and depreciation. 

 packaging materials
 and labor and overhead. We expect to mitigate any adverse movement in input costs through a combination of cost management and price increases. 

 General and Administrative Expenses

 which has increased our investment level in media

 general and administrative (&#8220;SG&#38;A&#8221;) expenses as a percentage of net sales increased in 2017

 49.1% in 2018 and 46.6% in 2019. We believe that as we continue to realize the benefits of our Feed the Growth initiative
 SG&#38;A expenses will continue to decrease as a percentage of net sales. 

 general and administrative expenses consist of the following:

Our marketing and advertising expenses primarily consist of national television media
 digital marketing
 social media and grass roots marketing to drive brand awareness. These expenses may vary from quarter to quarter depending on the timing of our marketing and advertising campaigns. Our Feed the Growth initiative will focus on growing the business through increased marketing investments.



. We account for all share-based compensation payments issued to employees
 directors and non-employees using a fair value method. Accordingly
 share-based compensation expense is measured based on the estimated fair value of the awards on the grant date. We recognize compensation expense for the portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest over the period during which the recipient renders the required services to us using the straight-line basis. 
 Other general and administrative costs include plant salaried and non-plant personnel salaries and benefits
 as well as corporate general&#160;&#38; administrative costs. 




 2019
 of which
 approximately $175.0 million
 generated in 2017 and prior
 will expire between 2025 and 2037. The NOL generated in 2018 and 2019
 of approximately $23.0 million
 will have an indefinite carryforward period but can generally only be used to offset 80% of taxable income in any particular year. We may be subject to certain limitations in our annual utilization of NOL carry forwards to off-set future taxable income pursuant to Section&#160;382 of the Internal Revenue Code
 which could result in NOLs expiring unused. At December&#160;31
 2019
 we had approximately $160.0 million of state NOLs
 which expire between 2019 and 2038. At December&#160;31
 2019
 we had a full valuation allowance against our net deferred tax assets as the realization of such assets was not considered more likely than not.



































































































862
















237
















359




















665
















247
















943




















197
















990
















416














 general and administrative expenses






450
















876
















167




































886
















751














 net














































































































239
















284
















187








































































383
















361
















262














 2019 Compared To Twelve Months Ended December 31
 2018























































































 Mass and Club (1)






550
















278








506
















293












312
















292








731
















206












862
















570








237
















499












 2019 and December 31
 2018 consisted of 11
315 and 10
129 grocery (including online) and 4
963 and 4
164 mass and club
 respectively.







 2019 and December 31
 2018 consisted of 4
837 and 4
783 pet specialty and 455 and 423 natural
 respectively.

 or 27.2%
 to $245.9 million for the twelve months ended December&#160;31
 2019 as compared to the same period in the prior year. The $52.6 million increase in net sales was driven by growth in the Grocery (including Online)
 Mass
 and Club refrigerated channel of $48.0 million
 and Pet Specialty and Natural of $4.6 million. The net sales increase was driven by overall velocity gains and an increase of Freshpet Fridges store locations
 which grew by 10.6% from 19
499 as of December 31
 2018 to 21
570 as of December&#160;31
 2019.


 or 26.9%
 to $114.2 million for the twelve months ended December&#160;31
 2019 as compared to the same period in the prior year. The increase in gross profit was primarily driven by higher net sales offset by a slightly decreased gross margin.


December&#160;31
 201
 basis points compared to the same period in the prior year
scrapping and incremental processing costs of 130 basis points
 commodity inflation and in-bound freight costs of 100 basis points
 in advance of a new seven day operation of 40 basis points
shifting selling mix of 100 basis points
0 basis points


 2019 and 2018
 respectively. Adjusted Gross Profit Margin as a percentage of net sales was 49.4% and 50.2% in the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively. Adjusted Gross Profit excludes $6.4 million and $6.1 million of depreciation expense in 2019 and 2018
 respectively
 and $0.9 million in non-cash share-based compensation expense in both 2019 and 2018. See &#8220;&#8212;Non-GAAP Financial Measures&#8221; for how we define Adjusted Gross Profit and a reconciliation of Adjusted Gross Profit to Gross Profit
 the closest comparable U.S. GAAP measure.

 General and Administrative Expenses

 or 20.6%
 to $114.5 million for the twelve months ended December&#160;31

 increased variable cost due to volume of $4.1 million
 which includes freight cost and brokerage
 higher depreciation and share-based compensation expense of $2.5 million
 increased variable incentive compensation of $0.5 million
 secondary offering costs of $0.3 million
 and higher incremental operating expenses of $4.7 million
 offset by lower selling expense of $0.5 million.

 selling
 general and administrative expenses decreased to 46.6% for the twelve months ended December&#160;31
 2019 from 49.1% for the twelve months ended December 31
 2018. 

 2019 as compared to 39.7% of net sales in the year ended December&#160;31
 2018. The decrease of 210 basis points in adjusted SG&#38;A is a result of 290 basis point gain in SG&#38;A leverage
 offset by a decrease of 90 basis points related to media ad spend increase. The media spend increase is due to the Company&#8217;s Feed the Growth Initiative. Since the start of the initiative the Company has gained 560 basis points of leverage on adjusted SG&#38;A. Adjusted SG&#38;A excludes $9.6 million and $8.0 million for depreciation and amortization expense in 2019 and 2018
 respectively
 $6.9 million and $5.9 million for non-cash items related to share-based compensation in 2019 and 2018
 respectively
  $4.6 million and $3.5 million for launch expense in 2019 and 2018
 respectively
 $0.3 million related to secondary offering expenses in both 2019 and 2018
 and $0.6 million loss on disposal of assets in 2019
 and $0.3 million of litigation expense in 2018. Adjusted SG&#38;A is a Non-GAAP measure. See &#8220;&#8212;Non-GAAP Financial Measures&#8221; for how we define Adjusted SG&#38;A
 a reconciliation of Adjusted SG&#38;A to SG&#38;A
 the closest comparable U.S. GAAP measure
 certain limitations of Non-GAAP measures and why management has included such Non-GAAP measures.


 2018 to a loss of $0.3 million for the twelve months ended December&#160;31
 2019 as a result of the factors discussed above.

 the twelve months ended December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively
 Interest expense in the twelve months ended December&#160;31
 2019 included $0.1 million of accelerated amortization of debt issuance costs related to the amendment of our Credit Facilities (as defined below). See &#8220;&#8212;Liquidity and Capital Resources.&#8221;

 net 

 net decreased $0.1 million from a loss of $0.1 million for the twelve months ended December&#160;31
 2018 to income of less than $0.1 million for the twelve months ended December&#160;31
 2019.




 or 74.2%
 to $1.4 million for the twelve months ended December&#160;31
 2019 as compared to net loss of $5.4 million for the same period in the prior year. Net loss was 0.6% of net sales for the twelve months ended December 31
 2019 as compared to a net loss of 2.8% of net sales for the same period in the prior year.



 2018 to $29.2 million for the twelve months ended December&#160;31
 2019. Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of net sales increased 140 basis points from 10.5% for the twelve months ended December 31
 2018 to 11.9% for the twelve months ended December 31
 2019.&#160;&#160;The increase is a result of leverage gain on Adjusted SG&#38;A of 290 basis points
 partially offset by a decrease in Adjusted Gross Margin of 80 basis points
 and increased media spend as part of our Feed the Growth initiative of 90 basis points.&#160;&#160; 



 2019 has been prepared on a basis consistent with our audited annual consolidated financial statements and includes
 in the opinion of management
 all normal recurring adjustments necessary for a fair statement of the financial information contained herein. The following quarterly data should be read together with our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report.




























































053








414








779








570












792








052








266








752












915








326








706








250
















































422








661








067








633
































































































277








662








107








499












170








625








799








643












128








878








615








368
















































521








501
















757
































































































031








357








650








004












678








728








125








829












803








170








503








940
















































880








652
















517









 should not be considered replacements for
 or superior to
 the GAAP measures and may not be comparable to similarly named measures used by other companies.








 plant start-up expenses and non-cash share-based compensation. We define Adjusted SG&#38;A as SG&#38;A expenses before depreciation and amortization expense
 non-cash share-based compensation
 launch expense
 fees related to secondary offerings
 leadership transition expenses and litigation expense. EBITDA represents net income (loss) plus interest expense
 income tax expense
 and depreciation and amortization. Adjusted EBITDA represents EBITDA plus gain (loss) on disposal of equipment
 non-cash share-based compensation
 warrant fair valuation
 launch expenses
 fees related to secondary offerings
 leadership transition expenses and litigation expense.

 when considered with both our U.S. GAAP results and the reconciliation to the closest comparable U.S. GAAP measures
 provide a more complete understanding of our business than could be obtained absent this disclosure. We use the non-GAAP financial measures
 together with U.S. GAAP financial measures
 such as net sales
 gross profit margins and cash flow from operations
 to assess our historical and prospective operating performance
 to provide meaningful comparisons of operating performance across periods
 to enhance our understanding of our operating performance and to compare our performance to that of our peers and competitors.


 and other items as detailed below. The non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation or as alternatives to net income (loss)
 income (loss) from operations or any other measure of financial performance calculated and prescribed in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Neither EBITDA nor Adjusted EBITDA should be considered a measure of discretionary cash available to us to invest in the growth of our business. Our non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures in other organizations because other organizations may not calculate non-GAAP financial measures in the same manner as we do.

 the non-GAAP financial measures do not reflect:

















the interest expense
 or the cash requirements necessary to service interest expense or principal payments
 associated with indebtedness&#59;








depreciation and amortization
 which are non-cash charges
 although the assets being depreciated and amortized will likely have to be replaced in the future
 nor any cash requirements for such replacements&#59; and










 Adjusted EBITDA excludes (i) non-cash share-based compensation expense
 which is and will remain a key element of our overall long-term incentive compensation package
 and (ii) certain costs essential to our sales growth and 


strategy
 including an allowance for marketing expenses for each new store added to our network and non-capitalizable freight costs associated with Freshpet Fridge replacements. Adjusted EBITDA also excludes certain cash charges resulting from matters we consider not to be indicative of our ongoing operations. Other companies in our industry may calculate the non-GAAP financial measures differently than we do
 limiting their usefulness as comparative measures

 the most directly comparable financial measure presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP:





















































































383








361








262








161








711














921








068








692








887








574










































































































673








080








414








490








376




























































834








808








438








193








924














563








540








066








813








626






































628










































































































































291




































































159








280








565








654








110





























































000 for each store added to our distribution network
 as well as the non-capitalized freight costs associated with Freshpet Fridge replacements. The expense enhances the overall marketing spend to support our growing distribution network.





































 the most directly comparable financial measure presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP:





















































































197








990








416








371








649














370








089








791








028








566






































628




































































489








938








450








248








416




































































 the most directly comparable financial measure presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP:













































































450








876








167








586








297












551








977








901








859








008












912








949








195








972








723












563








540








066








813








626




























































































































291
































































473








698








797








651








347



























































000 for each store added to our distribution network
 as well as the non-capitalized freight costs associated with Freshpet Fridge replacements. The expense enhances the overall marketing spend to support our growing distribution network.














 as well as changes in estimates associated with leadership transition costs.











 Freshpet Kitchens South and Freshpet Kitchens 3.0. To meet our capital needs
 we expect to rely on our current and future cash flow from operations
 our current available borrowing capacity
 and access to the debt and equity markets
 if appropriate. Our ability to obtain additional funding will be subject to various factors
 including general market conditions
 our operating performance
 the market&#8217;s perception of our growth potential
 lender sentiment and our ability to incur additional debt in compliance with other contractual restrictions
 such as financial covenants under our debt agreements.

 our ability to make payments on
 and to refinance
 any indebtedness under our Credit Facilities and to fund any necessary expenditures for our growth will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. If our business does not achieve the levels of profitability or generate the amount of cash that we anticipate or if we expand faster than anticipated
 we may need to seek additional debt or equity financing to operate and expand our business. Future third-party financing may not be available on favorable terms or at all.

 in addition to our plant expansions
 are for ingredients
 purchases and operating expenses

 expected cash flow from operations
 planned borrowing capacity and our ability to access the capital markets
 if appropriate
 are adequate to fund debt service requirements
 operating lease obligations
 capital expenditures and working capital obligations for the foreseeable future. However
 our ability to continue to meet these requirements and obligations will depend on
 among other things
 our ability to achieve anticipated levels of revenue and cash flow from 


operations and our ability to manage costs and working capital successfully. Additionally
 our cash flow generation ability is subject to general economic
 financial
 competitive
 legislative and regulatory factors and other factors that are beyond our control. We cannot assure you that our business will generate cash flow from operations in an amount sufficient to enable us to fund our liquidity needs. Further
 our capital requirements may vary materially from those currently planned if
 for example
 our revenues do not reach expected levels
 or we have to incur unforeseen capital expenditures and make investments to maintain our competitive position. If this is the case
 we may seek alternative financing
 such as selling additional debt or equity securities
 and we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so on favorable terms
 if at all. Moreover
 if we issue new debt securities
 the debt holders would have rights senior to common stockholders to make claims on our assets
 and the terms of any debt could restrict our operations
 including our ability to pay dividends on our common stock. If we issue additional equity or convertible debt securities
 existing stockholders may experience dilution
 and such new securities could have rights senior to those of our common stock. These factors may make the timing
 amount
 terms and conditions of additional financings unattractive. Our inability to raise capital could impede our growth or otherwise require us to forego growth opportunities and could materially adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations.

 for the periods indicated
 our working capital:
















































472








554






 net of allowance for doubtful accounts




581








327






 net




542








317










276








078










453


















668








166










133








051










185


















338








741





Working capital decreased $0.4 million to $12.3 million at December 31
 2019 compared with $12.7 million at December 31
 2018. The decrease was primarily a result of an increase of cash
 accounts receivable
 and inventory offset by an increase in accounts payable
 accrued expenses and current operating lease liabilities.


 2019 our capital resources consisted of primarily $9.5 million cash on hand and $33.0 million available under our credit facilities
 net of $2.0 million reserved for two letters of credit. For the year ended December 31
 2018
 our capital resources consisted primarily of $7.5 million cash on hand and $30.0 million available under our credit facilities. The Credit Facilities will mature in May 2024.&#160;&#160;


 2019

 2018.


The following table sets forth
 for the periods indicated
 our beginning balance of cash
 net cash flows provided by operating
 investing and financing activities and our ending balance of cash.





































































554








184








908










317








575








270










633








274








004










234








069








010










472








554








184
































 loss on disposal of assets
 depreciation and amortization
 share-based compensation
 deferred financing costs and loan discounts and the fair valuation of warrants).










$23.5 million of net income adjusted for reconciling non-cash items
 which excludes $24.9 million of non-cash items primarily related to $15.9 million in depreciation and amortization
 $7.8 million in share-based compensation and $0.8 million in loss on disposal of assets.  









$7.2 million decrease in working capital due to a decrease in accounts receivable
 inventory and prepaid expenses and other current assets
 and an increase in accrued expenses and accounts payable. This activity reflects the timing of expenditures and the related payments of cash
 and timing of production versus sales.










$15.9 million of net income adjusted for reconciling non-cash items
 which excludes $21.2 million of non-cash items primarily related to $14.1 million in depreciation and amortization and $6.8 million in share-based compensation.  








$3.0 million decrease in working capital due to an increase in accrued expenses and accounts payable
 as well as a decrease in inventory and accounts receivable. This activity reflects the timing of expenditures and the related payments of cash
 and timing of production versus sales. 






















$48.5 million capital expenditures related to the Freshpet Kitchens
 which includes $36.8 million related to the expansion project Kitchens 2.0
 $7.5 million related to other expansion projects and $4.7 million related to non-expansion capital expenditures. 



















$1.3 million related to other capital spend that includes office equipment
 computers and miscellaneous office expenses.




















































































































 2019:



































































067
















800








267




















404








168








010








226




















355








724








532








313








786












717












































127
































913












670








696








092








183








699







 which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
 or GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 as well as the revenue and expenses incurred during the reported periods. On an ongoing basis
 we evaluate our estimates and judgments
 including those related to accrued expenses and share-based compensation. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances
 the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not apparent from other sources. Changes in estimates are reflected in reported results for the period in which they become known. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.

 we believe that the following critical accounting policies are most important to understanding and evaluating our reported financial results.

 and the reported amounts of net sales and expenses during the reporting period.

 as these policies related to the more significant areas involving management&#8217;s judgments and estimates. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results
 as determined at a later date
 could differ from those estimates. To the extent that there are differences between our estimate and the actual results
 our future financial statement presentation
 financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows will be affected.

. The Company applies judgment in the determination of the amount of consideration the Company receives from its customers. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for transferring goods. Revenue the Company recognizes varies with changes in trade incentives the Company offers to its customers and their consumers. Trade incentives consist primarily of customer pricing allowances and merchandising funds
 and consumer coupons are offered through various programs to customers and consumers. Estimates of trade promotion expense and coupon redemption costs are based upon programs offered
 timing of those offers
 estimated redemption/usage rates from historical performance
 management&#8217;s experience and current economic trends.&#160;&#160;


We account for all share-based compensation payments issued to employees
 directors and nonemployees using a fair value method. Accordingly
 share-based compensation expense is measured based on the estimated fair value of the awards on the date of grant. We recognize compensation expense for the portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest over the period during which the recipient renders the required services to us using the straight-line single option method.

 we reassess the probability of achieving the performance criteria and the performance period required to meet those targets. Determining whether the performance criteria will be achieved involves judgment
 and the share-based compensation expense may be revised periodically based on changes in the probability of achieving the performance criteria. Revisions are reflected in the period in which the probability assessment is changed. If performance goals are not met
 no share-based compensation expense is recognized for the cancelled shares
 and
 to the extent share-based compensation expense was previously recognized for those cancelled shares
 such share-based compensation expense is reversed.


 see Note 2 (Recently Issued Accounting Standards) to our audited consolidated financial statements included in this report.


 marketing and distribution of pet food and pet treats for dogs and cats.


 among other things
 on our ability to anticipate and react to changes in the costs of key operating resources
 including food and other raw materials
 labor
 energy and other supplies and services. Substantial increases in costs and expenses could impact our operating results to the extent that such increases cannot be passed along to our customers. The impact of inflation on food
 labor and energy costs can significantly affect the profitability of our Company.

 productivity improvements and greater economies of scale
 there can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to do so in the future. From time to time
 competitive conditions could limit our pricing flexibility. In addition
 macroeconomic conditions could make additional price increases imprudent. There can be no assurance that all future cost increases can be offset by increased prices or that increased prices will be fully absorbed without any resulting changes in their purchasing patterns.







 which bears interest at variable rates. During the year ended December 31
 2019
 we borrowed $72.3 million under our credit facilities
 of which $18.5 million was repaid as of December 31
 2019. A change in interest rates of 100 basis points would cause a $0.1 million increase or decrease in annual interest expense for every $10.0 million in borrowings.




 therefore
 subject to price volatility caused by weather
 market conditions and other factors which are not considered predictable or within our control. In many cases
 we believe we will be able to address material commodity cost increases by either increasing prices or reducing operating expenses. However
 increases in commodity prices
 without adjustments to pricing or reduction to operating expenses
 could increase our operating costs as a percentage of our net sales.






 INC. 














































Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December&#160;31
 2019 and 201



















Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018
 and 201



















Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders&#8217; Equity for the years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018
 and 201



















Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018
 and 201



































Freshpet
 Inc.:


subsidiaries (the Company) as of December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
 the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss
 changes in stockholders&#8217; equity
 and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December&#160;31
 2019
 and the related notes (collectively
 the consolidated financial statements). We also have audited the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting as of December&#160;31
 2019
 based on criteria established in 

 the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December&#160;31
 2019
 in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also
 in our opinion
 the Company maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of December&#160;31
 2019 based on criteria established in 

 for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting
 and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
 included in the accompanying 

 whether due to error or fraud
 and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 

 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.


 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company&#59; 


(2)&#160;provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company&#59; and (3)&#160;provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the company&#8217;s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


 subjective
 or complex judgment. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements
 taken as a whole
 and we are not
 by communicating the critical audit matter below
 providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 


 the Company recognizes share-based compensation based on the value of the number of share-based payment awards that are ultimately expected to vest during the period.&#160;&#160;Share-based awards with performance-based vesting conditions require the achievement of certain financial and other performance criteria as a condition to the vesting. The performance-based awards with financial criteria either have 1) an annual or cumulative revenue or 2) an adjusted earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) target within fiscal years 2020
 2021 or 2022. At each reporting period
 the Company reassesses the probability of achieving the performance criteria required to meet those vesting targets. When achievement of the vesting criteria is considered probable
 compensation cost is recognized As of December 31
 2019
 there were 35
000 unvested performance-based options outstanding that were deemed not probable
 with an aggregate fair value of $0.2 million.

 at each reporting date
 of the probability that the performance criteria will be achieved for the share-based awards involved subjective auditor judgment. The significant assumptions included forecasted revenue and EBITDA
 which were impacted by the timing of the Company&#8217;s future growth plans including facility expansion.

 including a control related to the Company&#8217;s assessment of events and assumptions that are used in the determination that a performance criteria is probable of achievement. We compared the Company&#8217;s historical revenue and EBITDA forecasts to actual results to assess the Company&#8217;s ability to accurately forecast revenue and EBITDA. We compared forecasted revenue and EBITDA and expansion plan assumptions to those in communications to the Board of Directors
 press releases and analyst reports.&#160;&#160;We evaluated the timing of the Company&#8217;s expansion plans by comparing the progress of the Company&#8217;s plans to the construction milestones achieved.









 2020




 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 









 2019







































































9
471
676







7
554
388






 net of allowance for doubtful accounts



18
580
840







12
326
703






 net



12
542
269







9
317
232









3
275
992







1
078
232









10
452
990







681
550









54
323
767







30
958
105






 plant and equipment
 net



165
287
597







102
094
248









3
600
931







4
730
176









9
154
234

















3
759
058







2
182
329









236
125
587







139
964
858













































18
667
729







9
166
412









22
132
928







9
050
551









1
185
058

















41
985
715







18
216
963









54
466
099

















8
409
252

























273
420









104
861
066







18
490
383
























 par value
200
000
 shares authorized

162
36
148

 2019

556
35
542

 2018



36
162







35
556









334
299
172







323
079
437









202
735
417







201
352
682









79
170







31
610






14
 shares on December 31
 2019 and on December 31
 2018



256
226







256
226









131
264
521







121
474
475









236
125
587







139
964
858































 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 









































































245
862
054







193
237
462







152
359
487











131
664
713







103
247
223







79
943
569











114
197
341







89
990
239







72
415
918






 GENERAL
 AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES





114
450
263







94
875
776







75
167
168











252
922







4
885
537







2
751
250


































 net





5
079







102
337







525
404











990
741







296
234







910
492











985
662







398
571







1
435
896











1
238
584







5
284
108







4
187
146











144
151







77
096







75
195











1
382
735







5
361
204







4
262
341







































47
560







107
739







76
129











47
560







107
739







76
129











1
430
295







5
468
943







4
186
212



























































































































35
950
117







35
329
170







34
487
239











35
950
117







35
329
170







34
487
239











 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 






































































































 DECEMBER 31
 2016



33
961
650







33
961







299
477
706







191
729
136































107
782
531









1
073
788







1
074







8
279
387







































8
280
461









59
183

































































37
927















587
981







































588
019

























4
438
181







































4
438
181









































76
129























76
129

































4
262
341































4
262
341






 December 31
 2017



35
132
548







35
132







312
783
195







195
991
477







76
129























116
902
978









349
464















3
324
847







































3
325
196









74
583















































256
226







256
226

























6
971
470







































6
971
470









































107
739























107
739

































5
361
204































5
361
204






 December 31
 2018



35
556
595







35
556







323
079
437







201
352
682







31
610







14
169







256
226







121
474
475









513
540















4
459
931







































4
460
445









92
298















1
294
750







































1
294
658

























8
054
554







































8
054
554









































47
560























47
560

































1
382
735































1
382
735






 December 31
 2019



36
162
433







36
162







334
299
172







202
735
417







79
170







14
169







256
226







131
264
521














































































 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES















































































1
382
735







5
361
204







4
262
341



































15
011







15
222







17
348









787
028







142
159







103
716









7
833
707







6
807
620







4
438
181









112
897







99
295







291
898









15
921
695







14
068
037







12
692
355









210
865







115
103







426
534



































8
019
049







410
040







3
852
079









3
337
934







701
867







5
007
557









11
969
200







174
012







797
427









431
841

























117
788







261
533







90
135









2
777
443







195
237







2
682
094









13
082
377







1
531
203







2
988
209









265
185







31
419







304
839









16
316
549







18
575
195







10
270
263
































 plant and equipment
 software and deposits on equipment



70
632
830







16
274
036







13
003
756









70
632
830







16
274
036







13
003
756



















































270
885









4
460
445







3
325
196







8
280
460









1
294
658







256
226

















72
291
099







6
000
000







7
500
000









18
500
000







6
000
000







14
500
000









723
317

























56
233
569







3
068
970







1
009
575









1
917
288







5
370
129







1
723
918






 BEGINNING OF YEAR



7
554
388







2
184
259







3
908
177






 END OF PERIOD



9
471
676







7
554
388







2
184
259



































8
642







69
273







58
885









521
688







184
419







519
280
































 plant and equipment purchases in accounts payable



7
574
515







850
641







1
006
178






 plant and equipment



1
749
901









































588
019










 INC. &#160;AND SUBSIDIARIES




 &#8211; Freshpet
 Inc. (hereafter referred to as &#8220;Freshpet&#8221; or the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 a Delaware corporation
 manufactures and markets natural fresh
 refrigerated meals and treats for dogs and cats. The Company&#8217;s products are distributed throughout the United States and other international markets into major retail classes including Grocery and Mass (which includes club)
 and Online
 as well as Pet Specialty
 and Natural retail. 



 &#8211; The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
Estimates are used in determining
 among other items
 trade incentives
 Actual results
 as determined at a later date
 could differ from those estimates. 

 &#8211; The Company records trade accounts receivable at net realizable value. This value includes an appropriate allowance for estimated uncollectible accounts. On a periodic basis
 the Company evaluates its accounts receivable and establishes an allowance for doubtful accounts based on its history of write-offs and collections and current credit conditions. Accounts receivable are written off when management deems them to be uncollectible. 
 &#8211; Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market
 using the first-in
 first-out method. When necessary
 the Company provides allowances to adjust the carrying value of its inventories to the lower of cost or net realizable value
 including any costs to sell or dispose and consideration for obsolescence
 excessive inventory levels
 product deterioration and other factors in evaluating net realizable value. 


 years for furniture and office equipment
 years for automotive equipment
 years for refrigeration equipment
 for machinery and equipment
 for building and improvements. Capitalized cost includes the costs incurred to bring the property
 plant and equipment to the condition and location necessary for its intended use
 which includes any necessary delivery
 electrical and installation cost for equipment. Maintenance and repairs that do not extend the useful life of the assets over two years are charged to expense as incurred. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the term of the related lease or the estimated useful lives on the straight-line method.
 &#8211; The Company evaluates all long-lived assets for impairment. Long-lived assets are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to estimated undiscounted future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated undiscounted future net cash flows
 an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. Recoverability of assets held for sale is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset or asset group to their fair value less estimated costs to sell. Estimating future cash flows and calculating fair value of assets requires significant estimates and assumptions by management. If the carrying amount is not fully recoverable
 an impairment loss is recognized to reduce the carry amount to fair value and is charged to expense in the period of impairment. 



 INC. &#160;AND SUBSIDIARIES

&#8211; The Company provides for deferred income taxes for temporary differences between financial and income tax reporting
 principally net operating loss carryforwards
 depreciation
 and share-based compensation. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. 

 the deferred tax asset will not be realized. At December&#160;31
 2019
 and 2018
 the Company determined that a valuation allowance of 
&#160;&#8211; The Company may purchase or withhold shares of stock to satisfy statutory employee tax obligations upon the issuance of restricted stock units to employees. Such repurchased or withheld shares are treated as treasury stock and carried at cost on the Consolidated Balance Sheet in Stockholders&#8217; equity. During the twelve months ended December 31
 2018
 the Company accumulated $
 Revenues primarily consist of the sale of pet food products that are sold to retailers through broker and distributor arrangements. These revenue contracts generally have single performance obligations. Revenue
 which includes shipping and handling charges billed to the customer
 is reported net of applicable trade incentives and allowances. Amounts billed and due from our customers are classified as receivables and require payment on a short-term basis and
 therefore
 we do not have any significant financing components.


 which occurs once control is transferred upon delivery to the customer. R

Trade incentives consists primarily of customer pricing allowances and merchandising funds
 and consumer coupons are offered through various programs to customers and consumers. Estimates of trade promotion expense and coupon redemption costs are based upon programs offered
 timing of those offers
 estimated redemption/usage rates from historical performance
 management&#8217;s experience and current economic trends.
ales taxes and other similar taxes are excluded from revenue. Costs associated with shipping and handling activities
 such as merchandising
 are included in SG&#38;A expenses as revenue is recognized.
 contract assets as of December 31
 2019 and 2018.














































































 Mass and Club





206
550
436







158
506
192







123
412
005











39
311
618







34
731
270







28
947
482











245
862
054







193
237
462







152
359
487





 &#8211; Advertising costs are expensed when incurred
 with the exception of production costs which are expensed the first time advertising takes place. Advertising costs
 consisting primarily of media ads

260


436


127

 in 2019
 2018
 and 2017
 respectively. As of December 31
 2019

255

 respectively
 of production cost in prepaid expense
 representing advertising that had yet to take place.
 &#8211; Costs incurred for shipping and handling are included in selling
 general
 and administrative expenses within the statement of operations and comprehensive loss. Shipping and handling costs primarily consist of costs associated with moving finished products to customers

820


886


892

 2019
 2018
 and 2017
 respectively.



 INC. &#160;AND SUBSIDIARIES

1
157


284

 2019
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.

 &#8211; Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) guidance specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based on whether the inputs to those valuation techniques are observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources
 while unobservable inputs reflect market assumptions. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurement) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurement). 


















Level 2 &#8211; Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly (e.g.
 quoted prices of similar assets or liabilities in active markets
 or quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active). Level 2 includes financial instruments that are valued using models or other valuation methodologies. 








Level 3 &#8211; Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. Financial instruments are considered Level 3 when their fair values are determined using pricing models
 discounted cash flows or similar techniques and at least one significant model assumption or input is unobservable. 

 other receivables
 accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate their fair value based on the short-term maturity of these instruments. The warrant liability is recorded at fair value with changes in fair value reflected in the statement of operations and comprehensive loss. 

 2019
 the Company only maintained Level 1 assets and liabilities.





 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02 (Topic 842) Leases. Topic 842 supersedes the lease requirements in Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 840
 Leases. Under Topic 842

 the FASB issued ASU 2018-11
&#160;&#8220;Leases (ASC 842):&#160;Targeted Improvements
&#8221;


 2019 reflect the application of ASC 842
 while the comparative information has not been restated and continues to be reported under the related lease accounting standards in effect for those periods. The adoption of this update represents a change in accounting principle and resulted in the recognition of right-of-use (ROU) assets and operating lease liabilities. We elected the package of practical expedients
 which permits us not to reassess our prior conclusions about lease identification
 lease classification and initial direct costs incurred. We also elected the practical expedient to combine lease and non-lease components when determining the ROU asset and lease liability
 as well as the practical expedient to exclude leases with an initial term of 12 months or less. The primary effect of 



 INC. &#160;AND SUBSIDIARIES




 primarily for office and warehouse space
 as well as office equipment. 




 (2) lease term and (3) lease payments.









ASC 842 requires a lessee to discount its unpaid lease payments using the interest rate implicit in the lease or
 if that rate cannot be readily determined
 its incremental borrowing rate. Generally
 the Company cannot determine the interest rate implicit in the lease because it does not have access to the lessor&#8217;s estimated residual value or the amount of the lessor&#8217;s deferred initial direct costs. Therefore
 at the date of adoption
 we used our incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at January 1
 2019.



















Certain arrangements have free rent periods or escalating rent payment provisions. We recognize rent expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term
 including any periods of free rent


 which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for lease payments made at or before the lease commencement date
 plus any initial direct costs incurred less any lease incentives received.&#160;&#160;


 plus initial direct costs
 plus (minus) any prepaid (accrued) lease payments
 less the unamortized balance of lease incentives received. Lease expense for lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.


 Property
 Plant
 and Equipment &#8211; Overall&#8221;
 to determine whether a ROU asset is impaired
 and if so
 the amount of the impairment loss to recognize. 


 a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the corresponding ROU asset unless doing so would reduce the carrying amount of the ROU asset to an amount less than zero.




In 2016
 the FASB issued guidance that changes the impairment model used to measure credit losses for most financial assets. For our trade
 certain other receivables and certain other financial instruments
 we will be required to use a new forward-looking expected credit loss model that will replace the existing incurred credit loss model
 which would generally result in earlier recognition of allowances for credit losses. We will adopt the guidance when it becomes effective in the first quarter of 2020. We are currently evaluating the impact of this guidance and do not expect it will have a material impact on our financial statements or disclosures.




 INC. &#160;AND SUBSIDIARIES










































4
453
498







2
784
233











1
419
155







1
138
091











6
842
359







5
442
338











12
715
012







9
364
662











172
743







47
430











12
542
269







9
317
232







 Plant and Equipment: 






































97
568
137







79
567
389











54
274
118







51
800
479






 Land
 and Improvements





25
621
495







25
606
013











4
931
703







4
884
945











395
241







393
770











309
137







319
496











58
587
375







4
769
268











241
687
206







167
341
360











76
399
609







65
247
112











165
287
597







102
094
248


























599


781
12
441

 2019
 2018 and 2017

370


088
5
791

&#160;2018 and 2017
 respectively&#59; with the remainder of depreciation and amortization expense being recorded to selling
 general and administrative expense.

































































































144
151







77
096







75
195

































144
151







77
096







75
195









 INC. &#160;AND SUBSIDIARIES





































































 net of federal









































































































































































 the Company considers all relevant positive and negative evidence to determine whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred income tax assets will not be realized. The realization of the gross deferred tax assets is dependent on several factors
 including the generation of sufficient taxable income prior to the expiration of the net operating loss carryforwards. The Company believes that it is more likely than not that the Company&#8217;s deferred income tax assets will not be realized. The Company has experienced taxable losses from inception. As such
 there is a full valuation allowance against the net deferred tax assets as of December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018.







































49
626
069







45
831
214











5
063
220







1
155
279











10
371
561







9
688
332











965
552







551
733











45
283
280







37
849
894














































 2019

135


951

 generated in 2017 and prior
23
184
% of taxable income in any particular year. The Company may be subject to the net operating loss utilization provisions of Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. The effect of an ownership change would be the imposition of an annual limitation on the use of NOL carry forwards attributable to periods before the change. The amount of the annual limitation depends upon the value of the Company immediately before the change
 changes to the Company&#8217;s capital during a specified period prior to the change
 and the federal published interest rate. Although we have not completed an analysis under Section 382 of the Code
At December&#160;31
 2019

651
293

016
186

 measure
 recognize and disclose any uncertain income tax provisions taken on their income tax returns. The Company has analyzed its tax positions and has concluded that as of December 31
 2018
The Company&#8217;s U.S. federal and state net operating losses have occurred since its inception in 2005 and as such
 tax years subject to potential tax examination could apply from that date because the utilization of net operating losses from prior years opens the relevant year to audit by the IRS and/or state taxing authorities.&#160;&#160;Interest and penalties
 if any
 as they relate to income taxes assessed
 are included in the income tax provision. The Company did not have any unrecognized tax benefits and has 



 INC. &#160;AND SUBSIDIARIES








































57
776
905







47
538
226











12
493
625







9
688
332











45
283
280







37
849
894


























 2017
 the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the &#8220;2017 Tax Act&#8221;) was signed into law making significant changes to the Internal Revenue Code. Changes included
 but were not limited to
% for tax years beginning after December 31
 2017
 million for the deferred tax assets related to net operating losses and other assets
 the transition of U.S. international taxation from a worldwide tax system to a territorial system
 and a one-time transition tax on the mandatory deemed repatriation of foreign earnings. The 2017 Tax Act had no impact on tax expense primarily due to us maintaining a full valuation allowance against our net deferred tax assets.


 to the extent an adjustment to the deferred tax asset is required the impact will be offset by a corresponding adjustment to the valuation allowance.









































10
100
000



















6
390
692







5
276
552











1
576
214







1
401
762











635
399







650
567











702
673







405
733











413
550







287
913











1
187
885







551
681











1
126
515







476
343











22
132
928







9
050
551




















 2019
 the Company entered into the Fourth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (as amended
 the &#8220;New Loan Agreement&#8221;)
 which amended and restated in full the Company&#8217;s Third Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement
 dated as of September 21
 million senior secured credit facility (the &#8220;New Credit Facility&#8221;)
 million
 subject to certain conditions.
May 15

 either at a base rate or at LIBOR
 in each case
 plus an applicable margin. Subject to the Company&#8217;s leverage ratio
% for LIBOR loans. Upon closing the New Credit Facility
 million under the Revolving Loan Facility
 million of availability. The Company has the option to borrow term loans under the Draw Facility (&#8220;Draw Term Loans&#8221;) until May 15
 2021
June 30

 



 INC. &#160;AND SUBSIDIARIES

 installments equal to 1/28th of the outstanding Draw Term Loans and the remainder shall be due and payable on May 15
 2024.

 including financial covenants and negative covenants that limit
 among other things
 the Company&#8217;s ability to incur additional debt
 create or incur liens
 engage in mergers or consolidations
 sell
 transfer or otherwise dispose of assets
 make voluntary prepayments to subordinated debt
 permit a change of control
 pay dividends or distributions
 make investments
 and enter into certain transactions with affiliates. The New Loan Agreement also includes events of default customary for agreements of this type.
 million at December 31
 2019
 million
 debt outstanding as of December 31
 2018.
 million
 million for the years ended December 31
 2019
 2018 and 2017
 million accrued interest on the credit facilities as of December 31
 million of accrued interest on the credit facilities as of December 31
 2018 and 2017.
 million for the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018. Amortization of debt issuance cost is recorded as interest expense. In addition
 million of debt issuance cost upon execution of the New Credit Facility.&#160;&#160;As of December 31
 2019
 $

&#8211; The Company&#8217;s obligations include leases for office space under non-cancelable operating leases
 manufacturing processing and utility servicing that expire at various dates through January&#160;1
 2033.




 as well as office equipment
 with original remaining lease terms of 
. Because the Company is not reasonably certain to exercise these renewal options
 the options are not considered in determining the lease term and associated potential option payments are excluded from lease payments. The Company&#8217;s leases generally do not include termination options for either party to the lease or restrictive financial or other covenants.
































 we use our incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the date of adoption to determine the present value of lease payments.


 2019
 2018 and 2017 were as follows:










































1
605
524








 INC. &#160;AND SUBSIDIARIES













 2019























1
424
637











723
886






 2019
 future minimum payments due under lease obligations for five years were as follows: 










 2019























1
723
951











1
768
626











1
763
787











1
802
007











4
297
218











11
355
589











1
761
279











9
594
310


















480
349


 2018
 in accordance with the superseded leasing standard
 are as follows:












































1
475
761











1
626
179











1
671
003











1
664
510











1
700
539











4
246
015











12
384
007



















 INC. &#160;AND SUBSIDIARIES



 2019
 future minimum payments due under manufacturing and service obligations for five years were as follows:












































804
347











864
099











885
678











907
817











469
506











4
912
854











8
844
301












































 Curran v. Freshpet
 Inc. et al
 Docket No. 2:16-cv-02263
 was instituted April 21
 2016 in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey against us and certain of our current and former executive officers and directors on behalf of certain purchasers of our common stock. We were served with a copy of the complaint in June 2016. The plaintiffs have sought to recover damages for investors under the federal securities laws. The parties filed briefing on class certification and engaged in fact and expert discovery.&#160;&#160;The parties then entered into mediation and settlement discussions
 after which the parties entered into stipulation of settlement to amicably resolve the dispute.&#160;&#160;All parties to the agreement believed that it was in their respective best interests to settle the dispute in order to avoid the risk
 uncertainty
 and costs associated with litigation.&#160;&#160;Under the settlement
 million

 2019
 million
A securities lawsuit
 Meldon v. Freshpet
 Inc. et al
 Docket No. 2:18-cv-10166
 was instituted June 5
 2018 in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey against us and certain of our current and former executive officers and directors on behalf of certain holders of our common stock. We were served with a copy of the complaint in June 2018. The plaintiffs seek to recover damages for investors under the federal securities laws. On April 3
 2019
 the Court granted a stay of the Meldon case pending (i) the close of expert discovery in the Curran action or (ii) the dismissal with prejudice of the Curran action.&#160;&#160;The Company believes that the plaintiffs&#8217; allegations are without merit and intends to vigorously defend against the claims. Because the Company is in the early stages of litigation
 the Company is unable to estimate a reasonably possible range of loss
 if any
 that may result from this matter. In addition
 we are currently involved in various claims and legal actions that arise in the ordinary course of our business
 including claims resulting from employment related matters. None of these claims or proceedings
 most of which are covered by insurance
 are expected to have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
 results of operations or cash flows. However
 a significant increase in the number of these claims or an increase in amounts owing under successful claims could materially and adversely affect our business
 financial condition
 results of operations or cash flows.




 INC. &#160;AND SUBSIDIARIES




 and in consideration thereof

117

 on a net basis
 such that
 without the exchange of any funds
 such holder purchased that number of shares otherwise issuable upon exercise of its warrant less that number of shares having a current market price at the time of exercise equal to the aggregate exercise price that would otherwise have been paid by such holder upon the exercise of the warrant.
Upon conversion


 2017
 prior to conversion

628



 2019
 2018

833


807


438

 respectively. Cost of goods sold for the years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018






 respectively. Selling
 general
 and administrative expense for the year ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018

911


948


195


163

 2019 and 2018
 respectively. 
&#8212;In December 2010

146


220
)
 performance-based (vest when performance targets are met
 as defined in the stock option grant agreement)
 or vest at the occurrence of an exit event which is defined as a Change of Control in the Company
 as defined in the stock grant agreement. 

&#8212;In November 2014

479


500


979

 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock
 as well as other share-based and cash-based awards. As of December 31
 2019
)
 performance-based (vest when performance targets are met
 as defined in the stock option grant agreement)
 or restricted stock units (employee RSUs cliff vest over 

 2019

462
153
&#8212;During the year ended December 31
 2016

500

 the grant is governed as if issued under the 2014 Omnibus Plan. As of December 31
 2016
) and performance-based (vest when performance targets are met
 as defined in the stock option grant agreement).



 INC. &#160;AND SUBSIDIARIES

A summary of service period stock options outstanding and changes under the plans during the year ended December&#160;31
 2019 is presented below: 


































 2018





1
793
981



































46
036



































478
086



































1
192


































































 2019





1
359
990























65
107
025






 2019





1
012
194























50
240
528






 2019 were in-the-money
 which account for the entire aggregate intrinsic value. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018

367


315


081

 respectively.

 2019
 and changes during the year ended December&#160;31
 2019
 is presented below:





















 2018





683
043



















46
036



















379
342



















1
192


































 2019





347
796


































 2019

817


207




417
A summary of performance-based stock options outstanding and changes under the plans during the year ended December&#160;31
 2019 is presented below:

































 2018





1
275
746



































171
803



































35
477



































39
253






























 2019





1
372
819























55
977
436






 2019





34
488























1
550
157








 INC. &#160;AND SUBSIDIARIES


A summary of the nonvested performance-based options as of December&#160;31
 2019
 and changes during the year ended December&#160;31
 2019
 is presented below:





















 2018





1
223
210



















171
803



















17
399



















39
253














 2019





1
338
361


































 2019

303


December 31
6
973

 2019

576


152
473


 2019


 with an aggregate fair value of $

The following table includes activity related to outstanding restricted stock units during the twelve months ended December 31
 2019.





















 2018





271
979



















95
187



















124
401



















2
356


































 2019





240
229


































 2019

364


499


506


876
&#8212;The weighted average grant date fair value of options (service period options and performance based options) granted during the years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018
 and 2017 were $
&#160;per share
 respectively.

&#8212;The Company determined the expected term based on the &#8220;shortcut method&#8221; described in FASB ASC 718
 Compensation&#8212;




 INC. &#160;AND SUBSIDIARIES

&#8212;The Company has not historically declared dividends
 and no future dividends are expected to be available to benefit option holders. Accordingly
 the Company used an expected dividend yield of zero in the valuation model. 





































































































































































 due to the fact that potentially dilutive securities would have an antidilutive effect as the Company incurred a net loss for the years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018 and 2017.


 2019
 2018
 and 2017
 there were 

 as their effect is antidilutive
 are as follows: 






















































1
500
156







2
018
050







2
559
532











235
847







213
591







148
150











34
482







52
536







39
253











1
770
485







2
284
177







2
746
935






% of their compensation

062




627



 one of the Company&#8217;s raw material vendors was purchased by a significant stockholder of the Company.&#160;The purchase of the vendor by the stockholder
 had no impact on the cadence or amount of the raw materials that the Company purchased from the vendor. As of June 10
 2019

294


505
650
materials from the vendor in 2019 and 2018
 respectively.


069

 who was a stockholder of the Company at the time
 for the purchase of raw materials. 




 INC. &#160;AND SUBSIDIARIES


250

 such balances may be in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. 
&#8212;In 2019
 2018
 and 2017
 of our customers
%
%
% of our net sales
% of our net sales
 while in 2017
 customers accounted for 10% of our net sales. As of December 31
 2019
%
% respectively
 of our accounts receivable. As of December 31
 2018
%
%
 respectively
 of our account receivable.
 vendor during 2019
 vendor during 2018
 and approximately 
 vendors during 2019
 vendors during 2018
 and approximately 



 2019
 2018
 and 2017 were as follows:















































































54
792
202







60
052
179







65
265
901







65
751
772











3
317
269







5
345
703







3
534
502







4
875
547











3
421
999







5
661
349







3
067
164







4
633
451











3
421
999







5
661
349







3
067
164







4
633
451























































































































43
169
601







47
624
956







50
799
601







51
643
303











3
409
926







3
409
631







43
639







1
890
379











3
520
937







3
500
519







97
165







1
757
418











3
520
937







3
500
519







97
165







1
757
418























































































































33
677
571







38
728
364







40
125
006







39
828
546











2
740
471







1
827
121







199
024







1
617
318











2
879
525







2
652
162







245
548







1
514
895











2
879
525







2
652
162







245
548







1
514
895

















































































 million as of February 24
 2020.



 INC. &#160;AND SUBSIDIARIES

Based upon further evaluation
 the Company did not identify any additional recognized or unrecognized subsequent events that have required adjustment or disclosure in the financial statements.













&#8221; as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act
 that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported
 within the time periods specified in the SEC&#8217;s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include
 without limitation
 controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company&#8217;s management
 including its principal executive and principal financial officers
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

 with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer
 evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December&#160;31
 2019. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December&#160;31
 2019
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that
 as of such date
 our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 






 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Based on this assessment
 management concluded that as of December 31
 2019
 the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting was effective.


 which is included herein under Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.


 2019 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.


 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 believes that our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and are effective at the reasonable assurance level. However
 our management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further
 the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
 and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision making can be faulty
 and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally
 controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons
 by collusion of two or more people or by management override of 



the controls. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events
 and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions&#59; over time
 controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system
 misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 















 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 












 DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
































































Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s Registration on Form S-8 filed on December 12
 2014)







Certificate of Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Freshpet
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 21
 2017)







Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s Registration on Form S-8 filed on December 12
 2014)















Third Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement by and among Freshpet
 Inc. as Borrower
 the lenders that are signatories hereto as the Lenders
 and City National Bank
 together with its successors and assigns as the Arranger and Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 7
 2017)







Freshpet
 Inc. 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on December 12
 2014)







Professor Connor&#8217;s
 Inc. 2010 Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s Registration on Form S-8 filed on December 12
 2014)







Professor Connor&#8217;s
 Inc. 2006 Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s Registration on Form S-8 filed on December 12
 2014)







Form of Restricted Stock Agreement Pursuant to the Freshpet
 Inc. 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 2 to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 27
 2014)







Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement Pursuant to the Freshpet
 Inc. 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 2 to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 27
 2014)







Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement Pursuant to the Freshpet
 Inc. 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 2 to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 27
 2014)







Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement Pursuant to the Freshpet
 Inc. 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 2 to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 27
 2014)







Form of Stock Appreciation Rights Agreement Pursuant to the Freshpet
 Inc. 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 2 to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 27
 2014)







Form of Freshpet
 Inc. Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy (incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 3 to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on November 4
 2014)







Form of Employment Agreement between Scott Morris and Freshpet
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 3 to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on November 4
 2014)







Form of Employment Agreement between Cathal Walsh and Freshpet
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 3 to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on November 4
 2014)







Form of Indemnification Agreement between Freshpet
 Inc. and each of its directors and executive officers (incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 3 to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on November 4
 2014)




















Form of Second Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement (incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 3 to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on November 4
 2014)







Separation and Consulting Agreement
 dated as of March 9
 2016
 by and between Freshpet
 Inc. and Richard Thompson (incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on March 9
 2016)







Employment Agreement
 dated as of July 27
 2016
 by and between Freshpet
 Inc. and William B. Cyr (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 8
 2016)







Employment Agreement
 dated as of October 31
 2014
 by and between Freshpet
 Inc. and Richard Kassar (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company&#8217;s 10-K
 Amendment No. 1
 filed on April 30
 2019)







Employment Agreement
 dated as of July 6
 2015
 by and between Freshpet
 Inc. and Stephen Weise (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Company&#8217;s 10-K
 Amendment No. 1
 filed on April 30
 2019)




















































































































































 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized on February 25
 2020.

 INC.




 with full power of substitution and resubstitution
 for him and in his name
 place and stead
 in any and all capacities
 to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 and to file the same
 with all exhibits thereto
 and other documents in connection therewith
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith
 as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person
 hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent or his substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on February 25
 2020.




















































































































































































frpt-ex41_255.htm









 2020
 Freshpet
 Inc. (&#8220;Freshpet
&#8221; the &#8220;Company
&#8221; &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us
&#8221; and &#8220;our&#8221;) had one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;): our common stock. 

 as amended (our &#8220;Certificate of Incorporation&#8221;)
 our bylaws
 as amended (our &#8220;Bylaws&#8221;)
 each of which is filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which this exhibit is a part. We encourage you to read our Certificate of Incorporation
 our Bylaws and the applicable provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (&#8220;DGCL&#8221;) for additional information.


000
000 shares of common stock
 par value $0.001 per share
 and 100
000
000 shares of undesignated preferred stock
 par value $0.001 per share.

 we will issue all of our capital stock in uncertificated form. 


 in person or by proxy
 meeting shall constitute a quorum. When a quorum is present
 the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast is required to take action
 unless otherwise specified by law or our Certificate of Incorporation
 and except for the election of directors
 which is determined by a plurality vote. There are no cumulative voting rights. 


 stock or property as may be declared by our Board of Directors from time to time out of our assets or funds legally available for dividends or other distributions. These rights are subject to the preferential rights of the holders of our preferred stock
 if any
 and any contractual limitations on our ability to declare and pay dividends. 


 and may be adversely affected by
 the rights of the holders of any series of preferred stock that we may designate and issue in the future. 


 merger
 recapitalization
 reorganization
 voluntary or involuntary liquidation
 dissolution or winding up of our affairs
 or similar event
 each holder of common stock will participate pro rata in all assets remaining after payment of liabilities
 subject to prior distribution rights of preferred stock
 if any
 then outstanding. 

Our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws contain provisions that may delay
 defer or discourage another party from acquiring control of us. We expect that these provisions
 which are summarized below
 will 



discourage coercive takeover practices or inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to first negotiate with the Board of Directors
 which we believe may result in an improvement of the terms of any such acquisition in favor of our stockholders. However
 they also give the Board of Directors the power to discourage acquisitions that some stockholders may favor. 

 Special Meeting of Stockholders and Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals 

 except as otherwise required by law
 special meetings of the stockholders can be called only pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of directors that we would have if there were no vacancies. Except as described above
 stockholders are not permitted to call a special meeting or to require the Board of Directors to call a special meeting. 

 our Bylaws require advance notice procedures for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting of the stockholders
 including the nomination of directors. Stockholders at an annual meeting may only consider the proposals specified in the notice of meeting or brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board of Directors
 or by a stockholder of record on the record date for the meeting
 who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has delivered a timely written notice in proper form to our secretary
 of the stockholder

 even if they are favored by the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities. 


 with the classes as nearly equal in number as possible. As a result
 approximately one-third of our Board of Directors is elected each year. The classification of directors has the effect of making it more difficult for stockholders to change the composition of our board. 



s certificate of incorporation or bylaws is required to approve such amendment
s certificate of incorporation or bylaws
 as the case may be
 requires a greater percentage. Our Bylaws may be amended
 altered
 changed or repealed by a majority vote of our Board of Directors
 provided that
 in addition to any other vote otherwise required by law
 the affirmative vote of at least 75% of the voting power of our outstanding shares of common stock is required to amend
 alter
 change or repeal our Bylaws. Additionally
 the affirmative vote of at least 75% of the voting power of the outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote on the adoption
 alteration
 amendment or repeal of our Certificate of Incorporation
 voting as a single class
 is required to amend or repeal or to adopt any provision inconsistent with specified provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation. This requirement of a supermajority vote to approve amendments to our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws could enable a minority of our stockholders to exercise veto power over any such amendments. 






Delaware corporation
s voting stock
 unless: (1) the Board of Directors approves the acquisition of stock or the merger transaction before the time that the person becomes an interested stockholder
 (2) the interested stockholder owns at least 85% of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation at the time the merger transaction commences (excluding voting stock owned by directors who are also officers and certain employee stock plans)
 or (3) the merger transaction is approved by the Board of Directors and by the affirmative vote at a meeting
 not by written consent
 of stockholders of 2/3 of the holders of the outstanding voting stock 

 we opted out of Section 203 of the DGCL and therefore are not subject to Section 203. 


 and our Bylaws provide that we will indemnify them to the fullest extent permitted by such law. We have entered and expect to continue to enter into agreements to indemnify our directors
 executive officers and other employees as determined by our Board of Directors. Under the terms of such indemnification agreements
 we are required to indemnify each of our directors and officers
 to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the State of Delaware
s request in an official capacity for another entity. We must indemnify our officers and directors against all reasonable fees
 expenses
 charges and other costs of any type or nature whatsoever
 including any and all expenses and obligations paid or incurred in connection with investigating
 defending
 being a witness in
 participating in (including on appeal)
 or preparing to defend
 be a witness or participate in any completed
 actual
 pending or threatened action
 suit
 claim or proceeding
 whether civil
 criminal
 administrative or investigative
 or establishing or enforcing a right to indemnification under the indemnification agreement. The indemnification agreements also require us
 if so requested
 to advance within 30 days of such request all reasonable fees
 expenses
 charges and other costs that such director or officer incurred
 provided that such person will return any such advance if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to indemnification by us. Any claims for indemnification by our directors and officers may reduce our available funds to satisfy successful third-party claims against us and may reduce the amount of money available to us. 


 to the fullest extent permitted by law
 that derivative actions brought in the name of the Company
 actions against directors
 officers and employees for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware and
 if brought outside of Delaware
s counsel. Although we believe this provision benefits the Company by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies
 the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers.


 N.A. 















frpt-ex211_6.htm





Subsidiaries of Freshpet
 Inc.
































&#160;Canada












 LLC









































frpt-ex231_10.htm







Freshpet
 Inc.:

 Inc. of our report dated February 25
 2020
 with respect to the consolidated balance sheets of Freshpet
 Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31
 2019 and 2018
 the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss
 changes in stockholders&#8217; equity
 and cash flows for each of the years in the three year period ended December 31
 2019
 and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2019
 which report appears in the December&#160;31
 2019 annual report on Form 10-K of Freshpet
 Inc. 





 2020














frpt-ex311_9.htm








 William B. Cyr
 certify that: 
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Freshpet
 Inc.; 
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting; and 

The registrant&#8217;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#8217;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#8217;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and 
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting. 

 2020


















frpt-ex312_7.htm








 Richard Kassar
 certify that: 
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Freshpet
 Inc.; 
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting; and 
The registrant&#8217;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#8217;s auditors and the 


All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and 
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting. 

 2020



















frpt-ex321_8.htm








 

 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 for the year ended December 31
 2019
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#8220;Report&#8221;)
 each of the undersigned officers of the Company certifies
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &#167; 1350
 as adopted pursuant to &#167; 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that
 to such officer&#8217;s knowledge: 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Report. 

 2020


















begin 644 ggkkbf223520000001.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 !  )T# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#W^BBB@ HH
MHH ***9+*D4;22.J(HRS



MOKK3D8@RK
 QQUP

^;*1ZD;0/YG\Z]+\-VL5EX8TN
M<R^AWWB*43ZT[6]F#F.PB;GZNW<_2NIHJ
M)P4]Q-7*UEIUGIT7E6=M'GHBXS]3WJU1FC-4DEHAB&O+V@\$^*O&-[HUVFJ




U4:G:QF9GDN2?-VC)Z=#UQUKB
M/#ND6NO_ !*O-.UB2=/.FN23')L8R!B<9^F:],_X5!X:(YFU3_P+/^%)78HW
MG=V$^'GCB;7?]]+J1\R[TQ=TCJ

M!@L;:X




MYJ]I'A?3]$NGN+0S;W38=[Y&









C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R







N5


M2A


4FF.K-;VL@EE0Y4$@A5)Z9S5/2HM
N



@KH'TZRE



M!@$8% VIVW.?7QO;RHD\5G

MF65X1YZ_



CM+MPQYQT]
?G4?A?XEW


^]92W3'&



1US[5-VS&-2K)V1J_\+JN?^@+



5#:1



+'3F/%_C/_ 
A_3?\ KU/_ *$:S?A-_P C


VV*%#


M5MQ1IKV?*RC\


-6E55VK&M
M*T5RH\P^-?\ K]&_W9?YI7+_  Q_Y'[3_P#=D_\ 0#74?&O_ %^C?[LO\TKE
M_AC_ 


^PJYHMQYL#Q
M((D1^7#$]23SG\_H15'797-6O+?C'HOFV%GK,:Y:!O)E/^RW*G\#_PA5ZC6
M?KFF1ZSH=YITF

+_ !G_ .0_IO\ UZG_ --9OPF_P1
MY3_KVD_I6E\9_P#D/Z=_UZG_ --9OPF_P1Y3_KVD_I4_:.)_QSWNF2_PI



$2['_V0$!
end








begin 644 ggkkbf223520000007.jpg



]P*YW_A(M0!Y9/^^*Z+
M5D#Z7




M\3O%


X#Y#-GIZ5EZ-J$S/Y#1[V_YZ =*Y(UL1
MR.7

M/P%8G@:
#PYE\EOM#DY'3@5LG

MBM$3IJ=R^
I*X'ZT/-(HP2& YJW.7<P2


DWR
M#_9%8%_K=Z\9$91

Y]C6KIM\+ZPCDMT*JXYSU]Z2JM]1NGR[G36KL]NK

%TRQ!?M#J5=G8

MO




3RR*1PH%.






M

@00L=V
]SEUK16TB7P_H^A_P!I

O-DRA?^F;\9 1#P6*@DX[UP\E



M


M1TC'T7Y'B-*5::\W^?0U-?M=1:[ANM':
7
UO)93EI NV-\8?GKM.?SJW+HD


DID66/:A\I00PW
M9X((X%



M?_KFW\J\8N;=/#-I

\/S

L=8M]0 6*;&.J'@^];6


M7:OI





6CNW
]M
M(NV:-CP5]O0CK7=F*Z?X16



MMH[JWEW^5)L8'^(=
UI12));Y$;O*I\QHVDW







MSVVXG















H.[1*^E6



WN:\ZUR\@;Q'J$IGN8YUN4\N+<. I!SGK_ /6KTLL:]J_3]3S





4L4#!D&YFV@;\8!
M8X.
GY5I7FB\N//:21)-FS*8



16]M%1M8^*X+N6%)


AB=G7GI7V?Y$/_/)/^^11Y$/_/)/
M^^17?RG'[/S/C@F3YB/L@+$L

M\BD-M RE6AC((P05'-#CI8UHWIS4^Q\713E1P:GBO&65&)/# \'WKU;Q3\#=
M0749KGPY-!):2


M=6/A5XZ_Z!


MJ#G'UJ


9.
@
K\ V*H]+@?XT)X,
MUC/-BJ\Y_P/@<G\Z.61#BGN._M; QFH9M3


MX0#&WRV_PKKO^$?TKM9H/Q/^-*-!TX-N6#:?4
:XYX*K)W;1VPQ5.*LDSFH5

_Y]_P!:GZA5[HKZ


C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R


M-$K='D4*OX\Y'Y4N8=C=+J.II/-7-5^HR**7

%B





MQK#;KF52&2


\CIU[

2^^970^9N(


MK-(-6O9%L@RL0^]3\QSUR0!_WU5WRKR/Q[::VIWGDG12CL)CDOR#)S_ !9Y
MS3].\06GBH:M_:D+Z='-)=V]H.B

MJP/PS


1#XGU&8^)?'V6YFCM[N=MZ(Y4.ORX!'?K7:*H1%49( P


JO(HQO&1U'KQUKH9(+:)XW9%7S


M[MII6

M?U*E+GY[OY_Y'IWAV]^VV30S%C)$W\1Y(]:U_)C]#_WT:\AL/B-9V5_]H6RE




TT1B9@Y'RE2N/R)KB_\ A;]C_P! N7_O




^$W_?P?X4O9S[ E!;'

TX69$RQ1.Y _3VKG?^%LZ9WL9_P#O
MXM-?XL:2Z









MVT]W-9W[2W+
OEDH




+Z[8


[7SCVZ5=!V44
M*I&]YGH7@
/+X/T^






M&1_WT*[R'7=0U

:*658T


MM_Z&:E\&'_BM- _Z_(O_ $*FV8 T^Y X'DOCG_IHU'@X_P#%9Z#_ -?D7_H5


MW_\ USB_]%BL.WQ_PC9R/X9/_0: +GAK4_%




XVM)%HLF
M!U97Z?I7/)G8N
'Y








MQ7.EP.EL3&9'5NA'4@$YS6EXF6?3M6CMH9/++Q JH'!/-'A&&_U6_P!EW@@*



4 C(<=??FLBV#QVMK<0.RRD;
M1@=.F/ZU[B_AB*

1QM7.2.
M@XXQ6Y::GIB7):X0/'M(P(R.?P-32:&%9BMJ&';:.*SFM=]U):16T2RH
LI
M.!_*N:]1=C)PJ2=]#@;[2;VW\07D^E1L;1YT;.XW8//.3G\ZT[:ZUJ+R@;5
M/E7:Q

$$GV65XV[JRJ2
?Y[5LVOAY);&WG6-)-\2
+]$S_S^Q?\ H8KJ_%UG
M%;:O(0H1[ GY3ZL*X_PN=GBC2&':\C_ /0Q7?3;<5<C7J?6%%%%6!\T?$S_
U<7M%L;_5)MI]ROJ]S97^JO-$T-Q&L:J' #8(+9%)X2
ME3_A)&CB!$20OM'7L,UDZ+::2\2&)XVB9MY;)^;/7.?Z=*W[RTV&_DN+/\

MK!=HW9&2#U!)'T JU8\LKL?:)?,A


^A-=C'#82I/J5\(9KA\

4NI%I$@=+=&Z!D_F*

]\^E0JZW \HDG


N3]TX_\ UU!:N)6C66X3
M






MX-@%%8]NIX]..IZ5BG[89A*ME+\[99RC!AUXP!TYKOE@TJ5=RS;0?]K/;//I

6 QET*

M$]U=3?




FF_\ 7VG_ *'6A87TVH01W%PP



MOX5E:2


O)JFJ:U6GJ




ME6-IOB:ZMYG5BC3L=B==JR!L\%L_3GCFK,37$DWEB?]ZB$OR*2V6SZYX)P


!^9KIPR5FT9XRI*4DI=!E




=NM7[;Q5;B

CC'!S623ML9U?B/



M/$:+?K/+/!(0IP69




M]S

M*.)HZMIE&]\/WUQ[QQL_PZ

M)+/1U@9 E^DJC#





 [C9STI2=E




&
9



73/^0$_M:2?^C*G\





M1;]U6

M7QZ'IW]^E8


MNZ]
9J_'X1O;Z(7$
26;

MC6TD2W+

W





RD'(RNQN=O3GIZ
MX-+_ 




M



MG^U;=1Z #_&JW6@C% $QTD+UUB+\$S4;6$2C_D*EO98:;10!$ULHZ74S?\

MMNB#Y_
4 *\=R/NM P^N*A;[:!Q'$?HP_P ::S6A/)E3Z/\ _6J-OLV/ENI1
M]: '[[S_ )XK^=-


?_(9KAB^64&


MZ?\ 'D;?&.G-ZV _]&/7E[\A3[4 .+79^ZT
H]W']:AD\\??LD/N /Z4UOLX







M7'VKQ!=28[10*@_4FO8** /+#\/#NSZCJ8;U+H?_9:V_!WPQTSP;JLFHVM
9[=W$[PF'$VW: 2#V'7@5W%% !1110!__V0$!
end








begin 644 ggkkbf223520000008.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 $7 + # 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#WZBBB@ HJ






MM4ATZ16&UC';J5&#@C(]QC'/M6%:Q:
4LUGOV:5XI&F9W;RT8 [5QPV


M'D&Z
F%!N &

M$:;49HB710B3[Y GS%@SAMH_AZ?E78_!X[K35W!5,L?&2?X350;YK:5CN=
W\QN1%$Y6-< ONP7
M.





#_ (GVF_\ @2G^

W P#SU'0_CTI.+ RQX'\(
DC

MF[VF '7/IZ5*/&.C%3O\3Z9G80-LNT;LC!Z?Y]*GV?D5S





MH^(&A8!;Q/8;LG@*V
=OX
TT_$#0F&#XGLOJL;C\OEI--[C3ML=9!J=O*R1Q
M+(V%7Y.!D9'Z5=.>U
K7J-



RMOC'&,]\_I5Z43D 2S*6 X3OD8

2%WT&[51W:



5])6_AW09X(YAH&FIO4-M:TCR/8\5R^N






ZS?_6/_
M -!%*0(\KOXRM]/M^]]I)'UVG%=!X134;J6Z2XN9(8$C#;UZYSP.OIFL;504
MO;@JNYA


MAK^H(8-.T_8=_D0MQC'F/\ CVKH]!MXM0\&VMH^597D(?(X.\\C\*Y?QSJ

M5]3Q8PO-VTU/2+2Z3RXX6(#*H7.X?

!!QGD]!6*
MG%MZ'1R221S'BC6KV/Q5J$
4 VQ.%'RGYAM!STKN8@^K:-:+=VI420H63:?0
M$@Y'J


MCBUH0^

-7NFL+RYO$4
UO
90I/!*J3@_E5&V^-FIW

M0TFWATD1Z.C1^0P^2+;R
9)('-=!#J^E&:.U_L9F9% 



F_\ D3_XJK,_PLCMK:2XE\16H2)=S_Z,W R!Z^IK3'P2O60/'K5HV1E?
MW!P?3G-%X:DMS&'QSU\]=
T[_R)_P#%5*/C=K[==-T[_P ?_P#BJ;HOPOU7

XY/IBJO



M08\;Z7_U[R?R-=U7#VXQXWTG_KWD_D:[BL8C85S


:

MUR@\(*L.5CDQCU)KG-4\*$%B+69C_NL:UCAH[IDRJM[H[S6](M-86T5M9L(U

M&22
]



M8[=9(]0&=R


9SOJ?Q=:0-X1U$!T=





_\ &NDL


7 ./3K7/3B

M^ 5N^)/

:/M


8X[]Z\\\*_ZO2_\_PBO309






MJQO3M_Q6/B


MOX$ZB:?/_7BW^%

MN@LX7?3X@)7'F71 X^[\S=*Q#K&@ZU?/.D#G5691%*Z$?*/O=\8^O/O5R#Q5

M*#A0\;MM5ESUSC.1Z5DR^&]1D;/VRR

MX/?--/Q
\#











MI777J2]CS7U)BES6.8T#X=Z!JUM-+
<<5TT5J(D(UV% .TF4MC].?SK



/

M]ZX?0FVGB_[/.;2Z @S=2,?+Y''3 /4=SS72Y/E;$EK8I^%/A[H_B2SN)W

M/

K[8U43 X'\62?SQ6%*O


 =_P#9



(WFYPV20,*!GOU:C4;M[#4+Z\CEX)1*H/0E


P8!_6LF
Q%HS?R-91P<HNW-L'M$0?&2/7[VSTJ'2[9KJU7<9OLZ&1P_
M&

:ZT,GRCS#VYP0*\*E^,O
MC* 9FLK*/_KI:2+_ #:FI\:O%DKA4M].9CTVSDG\-U91P[BK)E.I=GH/Q3A
MURZ\%0VNCP^?&TP-S'#N:4*



;YKE


M2&MM+NWL[LR*PG:)N%!Y P:ZH)J7PV%U


M2XN[N-+FRV3MY6Y(Y.I4D^O'O7







+IRT0X&9%QDYQCI]




MI_N9?QCK(NKBXCF2.27 ;;&

MOU?78M8EBDEEMU:-=HQ
?7Z5;M_%;06$%JKVQ6$$*?

V\XF\@=7C*X5F'<'.#G/3]:Z[1_%
NDZ9'8BWM)50DAVN64\G/3;7F


'L')P/RKS


C9/UXZU.OCS'5[;/_75O\*\D6\\7
MO]R'56^E@?\ XFIXSX[?_5Z=JS?]N./Z5JH6V




_

M



M_P#%S/#P_PGU#7V)7Q_\.AN^)WAW_K[4_H:^P*H3OD3XI#;\4_$ ]9U_\
M0%KZ[KY%^*XV_%;7O^NL?_HM*8CD4/[P_6O1[/Q5K@@0#Q+?0LHQM
A( [8K

M[3GR2/GB4=#CVKR7SO[EQ
/J^?Z4YG_ (9R?J16?LY=R^='L'_TO$\6U;B
M'2IE;@93KT'][WJU%\3M=C SHFG.O^PY /ZUXN+N\ P
-_P%?\:/MU\O2
_]


M?$R6SABC'A4.L:[ \L^YL= 

C6KM4VJC8]/F%








.O(I#)PD@^
M[*#^-(6D'50?^ __ %J9L0CB4_B*4+(/NR+^= Q?

M;H=


Z9ZS'
M\*0O8?PQS'\?_K4_[7'VL%_6D^U$]+*
?\!H :TML.L#GZM3?/B_AMA^1_QJ

F?PIH(+\$'CUI@=Y\&UW?%?1

6?X4^!




C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#W^BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB


MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB


_* JCJ3W/L
&
MZ^



MGMX;87]WI=_#?6
[P7
+;HY$Z@_U!Z$'@@X-?15WXE\.:]X:G@_M[3[3[?9L


 
Y


MG-=-_P +0\&_]!C_ 



$1$NXRS

M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B


K#@@@G@BF_\ 5^'/^A@TK_P
M,C_QI70[,UZ*R/\ A*_#G_0P:5_X&1_XT?\ 5^'/^A@TK_P
C_QHN@LS7HK
M(_X2OPY_T
&E?^!D?^-:].XK!1110 445B^)=#N]=L%@L];O=*E1MRR6QP&/

A4G (098C/H.Q]*\DL?


M/]F5B/M
5IMA<73!E5C$A*H6Z;FZ*.#R




5R2



G^'
M_@NTD(F\07SQ,R\6]H1N0G!^9R
CY@0 1T(:FDW\*!M+=G#MXET^WN;A]+\


3@[=[G./ESMSCC.*U[+
M4++4H3-87EO=1*VPO!*KJ&X.





M=8]/*ANX_IG





W&&&



TG.QTIM0N'




MJ#!B=BCR8RN
 $ EL@\Y##MQZ^DT4*G% ZDF5K+3[+383#86=O:Q
V\I!$J*
M6X&
?CMQ[9KYRTK4KG1]
M5M=1M&VSV\@D7D@''4'!!P1D$9Y!-?3/BO\ Y$[7/^P?/_Z+:OEJL*NZ9O2V





M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 

M@O3]0U;SKJ7S-\FT+G$C*.  .@%?,U*=1JS01@G=,^O*RM7\2:+H*$ZGJ5O
M;L%#^6S9D*DX!#+$9]!V/I7F$?Q O\ 2OA_X?T_3_W^MW4;1H#!NV1!WB3:

R_#3QM/-)--I;R2R
7=WNXBS




M74$:9VW$D!*28.. N6YZ\J/?!XKH=$\7:%XCFEATK4$N)8E#NA1D;;TR P&1




M' !/4BLO2_''AG6)O)LM8MVEW*BI+F)G9N %#@;C]
]O459\5_\ (G:Y_P!@
M^?\ ]%M7RU1.;BPA!21];75W;6-L]S=W$5O F-TLKA%7)P
D\#D@5R&I?%7P




=^@!


J


MI\N
#.#CS.6Y.6QGGL







+?^U7F7


JZ//(O$'CF::.)(=(#.P4%]





MIFAA8N-OD@C. .Y=2#G^Z




M3_WUP!T '  P*K?\*O\ !O\ T!__ 9F_P#BZT:G?0S7)U/#_&6M6WB+Q7>Z
MK:)*D$_E[5E ##:BJ
M\6[TZ[EMIUQ\\;8R

M116ZT
#RKXV:7&VFZ;JPV++'



SMDM(Z*3] . !Z#UR3TU9'A3_D3M#_
TC-W$^<-&I/3(ZKN7GINSCBOF
MROJ7Q7_R)VN?]@^?_P!%M7RU6%;<VI;'U+X5U3^VONF:@9O.DEMU\V3;MS(
M!M?C _B#=./3BOGKQOK$FM^
-2NGF26))FA@


76

S?\ Q=36GPY\*6-Y





M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110






X8$9QSC-:5?
WA3QKJOA.Y'V23S+)Y \]
MH_W9.








M:OEJG6W04MCZE\*?\B=H?_8/@_\ 1:UKUB^&98X/!&CS32)'%'IL+N[L JJ(

QP!D\#D


&+KC@[2
EW\-]8SO!<PMNCD3J#_4'



MUX/\8M(:R\61ZBH?RM0A!+
P(\Q %( Z@!=AY[D_015^$JE\1M? [_F/?]N_

MTMO+\/K]NNFP1++&RPH


M-;O;2S0I(\#YW1
05.0.1G'0=*LUJ9!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% ':K\*=%UG5;K4;N_U5I[B0R-^^0@9Z 90G & !G@ 4_1OA;H^@ZQ

M

GD%0S '(&6


M;3X0:%8WD%W;:AJJ3P2++&_F1':RG(.#'@\BO0:*EQ3=RE)I6
CQ7_R)VN?]

X.




M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %



NV2-X9
$

M\QZSXV\0:_8)9ZC?O)$K




M-TLKEV; P
D\G@ 5-IM^--O%NOLL5PZ8

MPK-NO$.BV-R]M=ZQI]O.F-T4MRB
N1D9!.1P0:\0NOBMK5YI3Z=-8:5) T8C





MM
^W?9\+)*+D(-_=1A6Z=#TYR





M6)JGCS7M1F\V.\N+%BS
XM+RXL3_LM(P '8* .?I0ZJZ J3/;;7XC^$;RY2
M+6HE=\X
L;Q+P



J/;

5)2
M5E)'HP4@CW!Q5.Y^+/A.:!([JXN%E;#R16[!8AQRV[!QS_  @G@^V? ;2X
M^R7D%SY

MX(W$8R=V

]JY]/$?

MRX))F9$P

 [_?;G'?%4'^*?@]7C U1W#MAF6VEP@P3DY7IP!QD

7,,=AI5Y'!N+-'K<2N-I(VF-E#;^/N@'K@$FN%_X73XC_P?+2O^_4G_
M 

M--6V:



WA
MZ2&1$M]8B9E($B0Q;D)[C+D9'N*Z;6?%-AX9TJ]O-1BN89HT%N
9DN



M+K_X]2=5C5)'KD7QHT 0QB:UU)Y0H#LD$:J6[D R' ]LGZFB7XU: (9##I^I


MLD**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** LCQ7_P B=KG_ &#Y_P#T6U:]
EBCGADAFC22*12CHZ@JRG@@@]0:
M&/D:BBBN([ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B

MJ'4Y9= HHHJR0HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH


D#). !GDD4 ?.OC[5[O5O%]\+LHQLII;2)E7!
:RN5S



1S^]RGD5%%%06%%%% !1110 4444 %%


/
MM8AB9RK38ER
[I%#G\



M2%4$D_0 $GV%
KZ!^$NFVUGX(@O(E_?WLCR3.0



3G&1GS

MG3[*34M2M;%D66YF2%Y(4

RFS?CKLVYQGMN]L]ZOV4B/:1/$**][T?X0^'K&V*ZE




?^@/_ .3




LR3-;L



M

XKU70O@Q:1(LNO7
H*UOR1AK(QYY2^$Z\?#3

&)


!T]\^3WOCGQ1?S6;7;U6[0()/)7'/9


M=%-$28Y!WP2!R.A! /3L03BU]

XP

MU/()R?ICHWETGP_81H\EEIMF&VQAF2&


M7DA1D

QQGN 
CKR*\HU


!@$(

MS9H8YE('RA4)!S[_ +P?D:L?''_F _\ ;Q_[3KR[2]4O-&U&+4-/F\FZBSLD

T
M5ZWI'P4D+A]:U5%4




[.O\)PI7
M:?49;KUXYKEA'=D\TY;(RO%GPMN?#6BR:K%JD5W!#CSE:(QL

M8QWKS^MW6/&?B'7K86VI:I++ .L2JL:MR#\P4 -@@$9SCM6%64K7T-(WMJ%%


M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110


M[9\5:GJ F\Z.6X;RI-NW
8.U.




P)8/RW3H ^\ 'G _$]!\'X-8MO$+3I871TN



U]&
+(XSC:I 4


QX5<@'&6(&

M=U'#(6!R%&7X]\H/PS6D9/D;9$HKF21R=O\ &BYDLY8-5T&UN_

?%%)/
D

;R2R
%1$4EF8\  #J37U






M1D(DCD!6X*CN%(P
GC+?7!&

#=@X&22
YQGH.PKGZFI+F8X1Y47-)L?[4UB






MSGDD

(W;$








M](\?NQU(Z$MV/SX/2N;^-6M?\@_0E3_I\D




XIO_-Z,=7FU9]-MY+^5D9IY5WL&084
MKG.TC ^[CH*S?'7BF3PCHW\-JEQ++
($#N556*L0QQU V].
^HKQ/7/B'XD
]ZIXJT'1O-&H:



MYV-S;A%J(W)X !XG*]ONYQS7


Z
BCCU9@/QKU7XOV4EUX'
R
@6TNHYI Q.2IRG


J



4




MWN H;:Q!!4]

DX'/05D0W7AOQQI3QH]KJ5K_%&P^:

M#AD/WL'@]Q76['(KG&^(?C'IUM#)%H

MJ^LZCKU^;W4[I[BX*A=S  !1T  P /H.I)[UZOKOP8M)4:70;YX)2Q/D71W1
MX)& & W* 
]0Q/'UKRK6- U70+D0:I8RVSM]TL
J_ )VL





M.
^







MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
&N9FDLY<HI/Y[@# 'L*H445!9Z9\*O&G]F7BZ!J$DK6MU(JVA^\(9
M?NXQG#$CV!YQR2/;Z^1*Z/_ (3WQ5_9WV'^W+KR?[V1YO7/^LQOZ^_3CIQ6

M:&1XY8V#(Z
0RL.001T(H3L[@U=6/;_C#H$=YX?CUM BW%@P60\ O$[ 8Z9)

J

M]EZQ?:?YGF_9;B2#S-NW=M8KG';.*TJK[2(IOHRG11161H6=/O9--U*UOX51
MI;:9)D#@E2RD$9QVXKZ5U[3X?%_@VXMK:;]W?6ZRV\G*@GAT)R



XY)'FU%.

MG&2.G)_.GZEJMAH]FUWJ-W%;0+GYY&QDX)P!U)P#P






X_(Y!(KSSPS+'!XK





MP#V/(/IEM\4O.M6#P:Q$]NI5/,@NK?SHW;J0-H;(! Y('8X]*M6V@KSCYG


MMG96$6W=
\421+M7)RQ ' YZ].:Y3Q%\5=!T;=#9-_:ET/X;=P(AT/
G(Z$_




MWNK^.'-U;RK\P;E/
7@8)ZY3[N\#(XKY\I\4LD$R30R/'+&P9'1B&5AR.A



D].3^
M=#J)*T1*FV[R'ZKJ5SK&JW6HW;;I[B0R-R2!GH!DDX P 



+N[
ML2S
4!))/4FN9@AF/Q \7:7YDMK/JNGPSVMS'@[%5#$7X(((=N!Q]T].
]W7
M5%:MG-)Z6BBBK(BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
^

%%336LUO%;RRIM2XC
M
L1R#N4
R9]OF1ASZ5#7&=84444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4459L
MM/O=2F

**** BBN[\._K7M:VS7J_P!EVI_BN$)E


MGGKDEE))'()  ^Z:'28U51X;16OX@\

M!&1D#-9%9-6-$[A1110 4444 %%%% !1110 445?TS1=3UJ;RM-L+BZ8
JL8









MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB



8:_\8=7O)BF
P:YKEAX=TJ74=1EV0IPJCE
MI&[*H[D_XDX )KYEUK4VUG6[W4FB2(W



MC0Q

4F

3.S!=H5Q







]2U6_UB\:[U&[EN9VS\\C9P
DX Z 9)X& 
U3K
M.55O8UC22W'RRR3S/--(\DLC%G=V)9F/)))ZDTRGQ123S)##&\DLC!41%)9F







K_
M 






S[?ZS'X5PE7-6OO[3UB^U#R_*^U7$D



M

M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH


M:[VONCO?]

M\']

 ]VR/NUYY5FPO[O2[^&^L9W@N




^

M

'YV_=W69[?CI(H^8<#NHSR<#9ZFB%HSL$[RC<]IKYS^*'_ 475?\









M#G34LY=H59;+]T5 .?NCY23R


A%:T5J957H5O&EU#9^=:EG
/

G ')X!-=OH7PE\0:HZO?A
M-

M CJ23@ ?4]2!WKZ \#^+3PC8;F*3ZG
N)[@#@#KL3T4?F2
GL!L:%X=TSP
*3*6T9GFRY&]N%#+V(



\W[+






\


#IW/3!




C(ZD9(R:ZRZN[:QMGN;NX





X$LCRKR


0
]0#WQD


M9#J2:


4;N)[F41J^SJ%)_'Y

;_ +/
<9/Y


T5:J274EPBSZ
TOXF^%=3\I?[1^R329_=W:&/

\
T;QRQL5='4AE


'()!X^E#


8[8#


'KY
M; 9]_3%=?5/_ (EO]L_\NO\ :GV?_9\[R=W_ 'ULW?AFKE=B1R-A1113$%%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%

B=KG_8
M/G_]%M2EL..Y\M4445QG6%%%% !1110 5VOP_P# G_7W-Q/=RRP:=;_ LT

L

MYY&S@9)P!T R3P


= 4






YE56QC_$







MWZ'&%X8CY0



M&&._RLQP.20




M9&TM(GM-4]5U*VT?2KK4;MML%O&9&Y )QT R0

MMRA8MYUY&A.Y0

DOV_4)?(D


M@4444 %%%% !1110!Z/X(U+57^









M#C /RXP
'H


FM
M+J:QO(+NV?9/!(LL;X!VLIR#@\=17TEX0\7V'BG2H)([B(:@(_\ 2;;.UD88

V[]



M\$+E+9VM-=BEG&-J2VQC4\\Y8

5V\



M^C%KZDKY'BED@F2:&1XY8V#(Z

:LUSG@ZSN]%TI=!U]BNKJRC1U:

MBBBF(**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@



MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ I\4LD$R
M30R/'+&P9'1B&5AR".A%,HH ?++)/,\TTCR2R,6=W8EF8\DDGJ33*** BB


M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 444QY8XWC1Y$5I6V1AF +M@G ]3@$_0&@#Y2U74KG6-5NM1NVW3W$AD;DD#

M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!Z9

MS!J=FGF:7?Z/

M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH


MLH\J+6I)9&!SR%3.0.







3J11X917O-E\.M'DU(V]_X0MX+;R=XNH-6FE4OD#9M.ULX

/V4@]I$\2HKV2U

?C5G_ (4;_P!3

MD;

M[+X4Z''

MDS-_\71_PJ_P;_T!_P#R9F_^+I^QD'M8GSE17T;_ 
*O\&_] ?\ \F9O_BZ/
M^%7^#?\ H#_^3
W_ 


!QQ\FT8_#/-+V4@]K

W_ 
71_P *O\&_] ?_ 
F9O_BZ?L9![6)\Y45]



W_Q=


M^@/_ .3


C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R


SQ+]Z5!]6%5]ECG)
;'./F;=SD#



M[?\ W[;_  H-U$.I;_OAO\*IIK-O)$TB1S':F_ 3KTX'J?F%']M6XD9&CE7:
]/G7<-ZK*P^4@^X-+6<D^ES!2K0?


P%LY*


YMX[II'GD@A9F*JN0%
M.T]^N.0!VK51CT
Y/E6ITR0Q)C9$BXR!A0/K5'5=4M]+B5I60
Q^53]YOH.I
MJK%XGTA=T'V]I6@WI-(T;80QYW%V VKT[XSVJ.VUG0H6N9_


M


Q.!
MDD8STY-6HVWQJQ&

;@/ESZ]JKECO890US1;76]*^R7%
MW=VT
Y/X'F


MYKA(+-]=G





(22PS29


'TIR:&EUI

MI5VUO;6^1WM9TF5&*

M
))88W50BLW\1X/3./6EL]/NM

8[X!X[UW-

:
MZNR*63.UB.5SZ5-2'/&PE!+8Y*?P_?3/)J+01M.]Z+@VADP@39C=TW8Y]*M
M3Z9,$LKBTTSR6BO!/+)5+L-I7)).
\^O2NFHK'ZM!%6&H6
6Q4=SS3Q
T5@XP1^\.




MZLL#W8F90LDY7Y.

_$W




M^3^&:5NPM#R
?$;Q:W_

M?_6K@S!-YFU=$L6!_PFJY_+?4NK/Q.Q:IN6L=1W_TO&(_YB\O_?A/_B:7
M_A:OC(?\Q9__  '3_P)K/N+@P3F!]!MS* &*QL7P/?!XJ$W?R




M\:\$\26L-EJVH6UNNV&&8H@SG@-CK1H&IZ?\
O$&M:WXHM[.\G@-G96TCI&D


M+;D^K?RKZB\2?\BOJO\ UZ2_^@FOF#4U(DMO?=_Z#30'?_#V'2;RP%M=6D
U



9X]^GO6LJCBDULRZ.']H


Z2A6ZJ
 $'W!HIU(R?ND3H








M)Q\H4;A(IZ_AC]*GB\0:;%' D-M;J57!5U+'/4Y/?_(KRS2+ZYOTU(6=W%%:



65 0#&X'I_7-6[KQIK
]E

;\


MMS:Z$SARQW/0_A

M%?5?^O23_P!!-?
NKKB2T^K_ /H-?3'B?_D5=5_Z])/_ $$U\U:P/WEG]7_]


M^@P:Q':M/K%KIRQ0LQ

MCJX93EK-J_0GEGNFSH6\0F11(U^I4$8.1@'M4=MXBBLU5+?4(XU4   C@#I5

Z4RS^=XGTX+$Y13'&Y9C@'IG_/K4?5
3)QU]<8QGWZT7.OP7K*US?QRE<[2S#C/!K#U



*Q4].P-
M7H_AD-JL=10B0 K_ **YV@\\D'!XXJ&;P):64[6UQKEK&Z@$N8&R 1P
9_6I
M6!B]YW*YJNW


MQEL*OT K)\1:=%I=]#;P7
5S&R;O-C4J&ZYR#T-:7A.QT?4+34+S67D2SL53
ER.SC\/Z?YGV3[-%YA4MAR<D'([^M
M;D7BSR8T2+4X45/NA0HQSGT]:V#X%\+7BPW5M<70Y(=
LQD].PVG/45E:WX

IJZF]#.G)3^%FO::Q9V4B/;7D
;1@



X_\ KVD_D*]P
MKQ'X7C_BLXO^O9_YO;JW&97B;_D5]4'_3K)_P@FOG#68_W]A[^9_Z#7TAX


MG:5K'+ZUH%I=36





?GV[*IV% P+ [AZ







M'J_AS4+S5X)!J
($(($?R=#CG\

*TMD
M6ZG+I)(B%O+W@;GQU/0DY%98%^T5NI$:[ACE\8&,\\5Q8ANI)6[GM8)1I4I7
M,[Q=AO['5$98UL/W9)ZKN./:O2IKG6)M/M+71[0[95VRSQ_*(UXR1SCUY'\




EL[@J@ DYYR!GZ5TOA3^



GO7
MFEU(EW)K-Q'$(DDLI)!'C&T%E.

MFL5S5+64M#RN33HY497BF*GJ

MRBW:;HICC(#$'@G)XJ;16DN1)++:26N=K'S6!R



]S=+?V?]E7

M

*[R'6)
MX3]NBD
K(\:]




8SSTYZUQ=]EK[7V8_


M_P!$FO;O$1QX=U#_ *XM7AVM/_Q-=+)[177_ *)-5$E[FYX9DU?_ (1^W2S-
MN;?DXDMPY!W'/.?8=JZ;2;_48KIDO&M_+XI;[#NR!G@\\5P.G6U^^B6=U;




M333;%1D


I(!!VG!S]:




4#?:'4;3#

MY([UC1) T140C9*H#'8
XZCMDCVXJA=)$L@(B1PJ#^ 8;\*I3YF%:M4G\3-;

Q@/Y<:XY&.

MPR:\99CYNMEB23ILG)')Y7DUZ9HUG=ZIIZK:


[EKHHU93G=JR.6K!07*F=I\
CGQ;#_UZO_(5[17BGPP;
M/B^$?].K_P A7M==)@C*\2G'AG43_P!





ALX()R/;]:AX.*TYF.2;U;;.1NDN'D

M4!!4*



223[0H</;S;5(V@9'/2B#38HMJ@SJAQMS(.!TZ\]*W^




MA9EXQ]I8G\MU5/ R[\^23'A+J1OFBW$' VD'/RC(ZX-8]]I-Y9CS;F.!KF





\'/?FN
U'1[VVW37*0/)$S20E)2!

M

MR2T.=\3Q7]NUA#J=RMQ=QVP#R*

E67_4.JA0



MG1%BTZSL(6N(( LCHO[N+CY0!].?\:IZ3XKN9V OTB

?();
M/0\\8_\ UULZ]1_PQ*E3Y+R*T7AE#8)INGWQV&56FD=03P2=PXSDGGK7F7B5


M=UBPM[A7-JJ

MUIX:4US)V.$DUS1E@6=V79+T;R2=WZ5 GB?P_V4D5&'=8/Z5V.KZ1I?VC1
M8H+&V_LU'=Y(9$PAXP
X'K6GH7P\T2:ZDGO]&LA#QF.2


MM0T;0/[







@D



#79^_\ [B_R%=-.A&D[IL2C8]6^$'/CJ/'_


$D
M
?I_6O9'TN[DC -RH/\ N9_K7D/@B[BM=7MP\*F1HFV2D\K\V2 .G/\ 2O4+

M&W@M'CL4-M(=K$;2W /7'OW[UU8'X59V




(


M

M#:2Z@D]VR

M^AB+N&XD*DJA(88SZ\]_2O0_#/BQ]7TJ7*A;N.0-)
(@?



O
5CG*_@ *78K*=V#7'4PE.;YI!RGIG_5Z-QC4CQT_=/\


M/K

L9ZI(78?D5JQ%X@\-10^5'J
2+U7;D8_2O'O(A_NC\S1]GA)^[^IH^I4


OZTY

MKZ'K= S)\4C/A'61_P!.

M:^/E 8 



M.B^F/R%-.BGMC_OFF_V9;=K_ /\ (M(=
@_Y_P#_ 
BTKL8'17'_ .S33HS_
M .5I3ID7;4/_ **:=,3_G__ /(@HNPL']C/Z#_OFD_L=_0?]\T?V8G:_P#_
M (*/[-7_G__ /(@HNPL)_9#^@_[YI#I3?W1_P!\TO\ 9P[7W_D04G]G\?\
M']_Y$%%Q6$_LMO[H_P^:7^S&_NC_OFD_L\?\_Q_[[H^P#_G]_\ (E.X_V:
MW]Q?^^:7^S6[QK_WQ3?L_\ /[_Y$H^PKWO?_(E,0[^SW[1K_P!\H1:/:NS



M_OD?X4GV_3N]A+_WR/\ EJ/09LT+_GJ/^^32&+1#_RV'Y&G_;]-_P?*3_O
M@?X4?;M

M?63_ +XI!H
^S:1VN1^9IIMM*[7(_
U(;K2#_P NTG_?%)]ITG_GW?\ [XHU
M C^S:7_S\C\S1]GTO_GX'YFGFXTH_P#+!_\ OBD^T:5_SP?_ +YIZB&_9]+_





M  #C_P *;_PB'AG_ *%[2O\ P#C_ 
*.1!S
^2O^$@'_ #XI_P!]4O\ ;X_Y



?(
M']KI_P ^B?\ ?50O?1SODQ+$?7/6OL;_ (13PY_T -*_\ X_\*7_ (1;P]_T


C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C+_P  1 : 14# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#W^BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HJ 7D)Z
?RIWVF


M9FB# 4ACE3L:T8AB

PJ2HX]@8JO8<U)0 4444 %%%% !141D?)^4?G2&9P2@X'K3


B'G1G


V:Y30_$'FW&ZX6



YQVJ

J2K9 PO(!V\X.

M%\Q


D_@.:

M@ HHHH **** . ^*OA6Z\4Z180VDL$;P3ER9B0
%2.
 UQ$O@O5I[:SA33_#
M\
D&-\T6]3. 
?
-N/K7LFLKFT7_ 'OZ5@1+DBL9R:EH:QFTC'\$^%[[0];D



...F0/2K
FGQ'4I;JVFD_TA
M2LF5P1E%08X](SU[U%E!-QW(O)O4U9=9L8HV9Y064 E5^8]NGKU'YUEZW=.2
MZQ1B3RXPXB8XW=3^1&/\D*-)B2:.(;(W *C )0\=&VYQQTIFJ6AO!O^1G*




MU4Z @]MPX(_+'YUY4I?O'?8^APV$5.BG#XFO^CKO!UMJ4%N\M_&\.X!8XW^
M]CN2.U=/(3'$TLTRI&HRS,O 'YUP.E^,=0NO%B:=-'()&V[ A#+[@]Q7H)G




]2/SS4]]I
6FZ266[9%A6.58)5#
Q(VY8=\
M$8'N!7+6J*5X'=0I\EJEC=\-6MYJ
ZW6G:I';20QYR81
LJOZY/3*]JTXO -

XW#'K@ _


M#UR.IK6E)KXC6*9:L9@]W%.D











MT5]\Z+#@


YD7+X)
M(/IDX'X'VJ.=F6ZA:ZGM=X?


M Z?F./PS7L.FNLFFV[HZNK)D

W^('6/3=[L%N#ECQ

MOHXQ/$5


M5\



+AT0QPR2$H0
Y(]@.3

MRWTK5)85VN8;0*-J*C9Q[BKD4
=J^XVUS/(!U


N6+-RRJQ^YP
M





M.YMUC:%HMF% 9LY&!4']G;I-XM/G#!E8R]_3IBK0COVY$$2CON?_ .M6+C*6
MB1TU9FZ_$OE6L[3OR


X?


N



M2!0Q!

E]:1O%;QVQ5$DQC)& 
Y]J[/4M2NHKZU^R)YL!0E
M@.A8NB@D@'@!F/X5JKU4[2L?/UJ

8
MRAZ@]..E4M%;6-+O#IFT2O .8W;:)8\\
A]?6I;W5KNX@9CI1\]RT:M\SM&1


Y(.


V:^=_!]G=7'BO2[*.VN%#2)<^<4(140YSGTX[=\5] ZM=*;4[7(QZ8Y

TQ

4?F1EW5=YC

+;;A_)V!NX!;/\Z]CW6Y
MFO(HY3)&F5!E+B3/J/UKBO26TNH:DD5X;Z.+RQYQA
6

M7 ??

PQ][ '4X-4H]81KEI$M9H(5V1J(IBI5SYA/.K#Y!S[T2P\7OMN_4=

I'?)K8AE@MC';V\:VJ(P=(







MT.8X69O60[OYU??PO8R;=S2?*
#!Q@?A6M.ERNYY6(Q*JKE2.=:?4#SA
]OG
M;_/K35EO@.4B)/7YFKHD\*V$;!E:7(Z9;-//AJT))

MS06T^Z$H1CYF(FY+#IUZ\UYW-X3MM9U#2=


M










end








begin 644 ggkkbf223520000011.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 $V M # 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4


M*


?\ WP*EHH B^S0?\\8_^^!1]F@_



M_GC'_P!\I:* (OLT'_/&/\ [X%'V:#_ )XQ_P#? J6B@+[-!_SQC_[X%'V
M:#_GC'_WP*EHH B^S0?\\8_^^!1]F@_YXQ_]\I:* (OLT'_ #QC_P^!1]F

?\ WP*EHH B^S0?\\8_^^!1



M'V:#_GC'_P!\I:* (OLT'_/&/\ [X%'V:#_ )XQ_P#? J6B@+[-!_SQC_[
MX%'V:#_GC'_WP*EHH B^S0?\\8_^^!1]F@_YXQ_]\I:* (OLT'_ #QC_P^

?\ WP*EHH B^S0?\\8_



M +X%'V:#_GC'_P!\I:* (OLT'_/&/\ [X%'V:#_ )XQ_P#? J6B@+[-!_S

?\ WP*EHH B^S0?



V_KOZXSGVIWC*.6TFTG7HX7F33)
MV:=$&6$3##



MID8S_P I^B ?\)[XH..=MK_ .@&@2U\6BX\.:EJ3V$D-SIV]9[1WY#J
X#

MX=\)^'-+-VFER7COYMY-&'%N

MTB[1;QY'RA0ORAB!S@DG% '4S^+;YM9OM*TS0GOKFS=0^+E8UV%0=Q+# .3C

M!K

M=8XKC[2DN&;[H90


UOI?VVA_$+4FU25+:/4

N%8X[ T 6;+Q1=C5(-/UO19-+DNN+9_/69)&[
OUU%]I








ZAU*G! (R#TK7\3@#X48 X^RV_\TH M-XQN8;RT:ZT&YM]+O)5


M';

M89S^% &A-XTU2UM5U*[\+W






8(&.3GOBMJ_\06UEX7;70OF0^0LJ)NQN+8VC/U(%9%J([CX


O'/'X4


?KFN=UG[/IE[X

CO;VT#



M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ J*Y_X]9O]P_RJ6HKG_CUF_P!P_P J V_X]8?
M]P?RJ6HK;_CUA_W!_*I: BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H

G&



NQI0@WE?0GKCVH2VMXKB6

SC*;6(7@\YR!C

M%I-LM\5-RD8$K0N1WR0.O7I7.Z3KEVNGV!6WEO;C5+BXEC5Y=OEQ!B5))S

M]03'SZ$T ;UOHNE6ES]IMM



4^





0-//
M#8V3+$4@D:-I9H8DNN&  9< $9.<YXHWW'A^.X\R26\MY)$2QB:0O-O;.4+
M-U7/())P




4\1L[?R[@EIE\H8E)ZEA
MCD_6G2V=K/:?9)K:&2VP%\EXP4P.@V].



:0+:&[CFM[@RQN .

 HG]T8' ]J?%:6UOYODV\4?G
M

V5*\GOGOBM:U



C8![^@((-7-



T69 H9W

MDB5E7 P
 C XKF=(O;OQ*;2&XFFBAALHI[GR)&B:660':-RD$  ;L C.X=J9

MY4;)& 43^Z

DDL%I

A@@BB









1 S1[



X^\
@8XJE#H.HZ9

*T1FO9C'O5@V2FXKR1GIWKJ*
M* 


MEZ8TACDA/[ORQS@=#NW9). #Q@=JW:* 


\X'8=LUIMILK^(X;\F
M
6\%JT



M/0GKTI+?2AI




M9'O[:YXCF=VW;@VQB
'H

M'
<-N&,]#CGH:* ,)M,UQO+







2-N1%4
MOM!9FC+=ADC)P?H:Y=?%5Z@PEO:J/0(1_6NDD^U7VBQOT0GDC1RKK\C@X)


MQMSGVYJK_P )#=O8M=PZ8&B@C9[EI)]@&TL&$9VD.1L)YVC!7GGB#2M%U#3]

%(!)Y/RD'I_M5&NCZU&T4)AL)M/C)D6T^U/&BL




2&;@D=!S72JH1%4=%&!0 M%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %17/_ !ZS?[A_E4M17/\
MQZS?[A_E0 6W_'K#_N#^52U%;?\ 'K#_ +@_E4M !1110 4444 %%%% #&
H
<?_?P_X4;I
M_P#GG'_W\/\ A4M% $6Z?_GG'_W\/^%&Z?\ YYQ_]_#_ (5+10!%NG_YYQ_]
<?_?P_P%

<?_?P_X4;I_P#GG'_W\/\ A4M% $6Z
<?_?P_X4;I
M_P#GG'_W\/\ A4M% $6Z?_GG'_W\/^%&Z?\ YYQ_]_#_ (5+10!%NG_YYQ_]




MLT'_ #QC_P^!1]F@_YXQ_\ ? HW3_\ /./_ +^'_C=/_SSC_[^'_@ ^S0
M?\\8_P#O@4?9H/\ GC'_ -\C=/_ 
\X_P#OX?\ C=/_P \X_\ OX?\* #[
M-!_SQC_[X%'V:#_GC'_WP*-T_P#SSC_[^'_C=/_ 
\X_P#OX?\ @ ^S0?\
M\8_^^!1]F@_YXQ_]\C=/_SSC_[^'_C=/\ \\X_^_A_PH /LT'_ #QC_P^
M!1]F@_YXQ_\ ? HW3_\ /./_ +^'_C=/_SSC_[^'_@ ^S0?\\8_P#O@4?9
MH/\ GC'_ -\C=/_ ,\X_P#OX?\ C=/_P \X_\ OX?\* #[-!_SQC_[X%'V
M:#_GC'_WP*-T_P#SSC_[^'_C=/_ ,\X_P#OX?\ @ ^S0?\\8_^^!1]F@_Y
MXQ_]\C=/_SSC_[^'_C=/\ \\X_^_A_PH /LT'_ #QC_P^!1]F@_YXQ_\
M? HW3_\ /./_ +^'_C=/_SSC_[^'_@ ^S0?\\8_P#O@4?9H/\ GC'_ -\
MC=/_ 
\X_P#OX?\ C=/_P \X_\ OX?\* #[-!_SQC_[X%'V:#_GC'_WP*-T
M_P#SSC_[^'_C=/_ 
\X_P#OX?\ @ ^S0?\\8_^^!1]F@_YXQ_]\C=/_SS
MC_[^'_C=/\ \\X_^_A_PH /LT'_ #QC_P^!1]F@_YXQ_\ ? HW3_\ /./_
M +^'_C=/_SSC_[^'_@ ^S0?\\8_P#O@4?9H/\ GC'_ -\C=/_ ,\X_P#O
MX?\ C=/_P \X_\ OX?\* #[-!_SQC_[X%'V:#_GC'_WP*-T_P#SSC_[^'_
MC=/_ ,\X_P#OX?\ @ ^S0?\\8_^^!1]F@_YXQ_]\C=/_SSC_[^'_C=/\
M\\X_^_A_PH /LT'_ #QC_P^!1]F@_YXQ_\ ? HW3_\ /./_ +^'_C=/_SS
MC_[^'_@ ^S0?\\8_P#O@4?9H/\ GC'_ -\C=/_ 
\X_P#OX?\ C=/_P \
MX_\ OX?\* #[-!_SQC_[X%'V:#_GC'_WP*-T_P#SSC_[^'_C=/_ 
\X_P#O
MX?\ @ ^S0?\\8_^^!1]F@_YXQ_]\C=/_SSC_[^'_C=/\ \\X_^_A_PH /
MLT'_ #QC_P^!1]F@_YXQ_\ ? HW3_\ /./_ +^'_C=/_SSC_[^'_@ ^S0
M?\\8_P#O@4?9H/\ GC'_ -\C=/_ ,\X_P#OX?\ C=/_P \X_\ OX?\* #[
M-!_SQC_[X%'V:#_GC'_WP*-T_P#SSC_[^'_C=/_ ,\X_P#OX?\ @ ^S0?\

$&$_P#K_P J+_5;FYN#IVGJIF/#RHV0@[\X
M_7^M7-


M;Y^TPV9AL[;[5';2*S^4\C%(F##8P 4;ATP
#% &_/HUY)=S1*\!L;BXBN



?_ 'P*/LT'



?_ 'P*


?_? H^S0?\\8_^^!0!+147V:#_GC'_P!\
MC[-!_SQC_[X% $M%1?9H/\ GC'_ -\C[-!_P \8_\ O@4 2T5%]F@_YXQ_

MHZU?5%0810H] 


MD42A3

(V5SG;@N/F&U<'/8\<XH S;K51J%O%J4=C9.MC9I?L+B+S'
M&[)VQMD; A^;!SQQ76*P=%8=&&17-WFD6EJMO8IJL-I#<VRV30S8+SHO38=
MPP_S$$X;J.*Z0 *H4#  P!0 M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%

MP_[@_E4M !1110 4444 %%%% #&
H;Y40CU+D?TINZ?_ )YQ_P#?P_X5+10!
<?_?P_P%&Z?_ )YQ
<?_?P

<?_?P_P%&Z?_ )YQ
<?_?P

<?_?P_P%&Z?_ )YQ
M_P#?P_X5+37=8T9W8*JC))/ H C9YE4LR1!0



MR'!#


M9B2 5&5+$GIP
_+33?Z)%%/81ZIIC76H(QN[MIT$
:


6C+81--.




 CDEASGC!

M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %17/_'K-_N'^52U%
MX?Y4 %M_QZP_[@_E4M16W_'K#_N#^52T %%%% !1110 4444 
:&)VW-$C'U
M*@TW[-!_SQC_ .^!3F
H;Y40CU+D?TINZ?\ YYQ_]_#_ (4 'V:#_GC'_P!\
MC[-!_SQC_[X%&Z?_GG'_P!_#_A1NG_YYQ_]_#_A0 ?9H/\ GC'_ -\C[-!
M_P \8_\ O@4;I_\ GG'_ -_#_A1NG_YYQ_\ ?P_X4 'V:#_GC'_WP*/LT'_/

?_? H^S0?\\8_
<




M (4 'V:#_GC'_P!\C[-!_SQC_[X%&Z?_GG'_P!_#_A1NG_YYQ_]_#_A0 ?9
MH/\ GC'_ -\C[-!_P \8_\ O@4;I_\ GG'_ -_#_A1NG_YYQ_\ ?P_X4 'V
M:#_GC'_WP*/LT'_/&/\ [X%&Z?\ YYQ_]_#_ (4;I_\ GG'_ -_#_A0 ?9H/

<?_ '\/^% !]F@_YXQ_]\C[-!_
,?_ 'P*/LT'_/&/_O@5
M4U'4VTR!9IH RLVWY'R<X)[CVK,_X2ZW_P?67_OH5C/$4J;Y92LR7.*=FS;
ME2T@B:66.)$49+%1Q7/B-_$-UB*


R2B%$'5FEP!^E
!WV:#_GC
M'_WP*/LT'_/&/_O@5S]YXSL;5_+B NI
XP,2,_7&/RS4'VWQ3J__'K:1Z=
M?XYOO?J

M
;AG2-)(W


(MQ'D[1



$2S1XC97.=NX^8;5P<]CQ

M^8S#8)

2:845GWVJ_8[RTCL;F
M[FF1Y L!C&%4J2791_$*ECU&W
D






:&)VW-$C'U*@TW
M[-!_SQC_ .^!0!+147V:#_GC'_WP*/LT'_/&/_O@4 2T5%]F@_YXQ_\ ? H^

?_?




M?R;.U6[F/ $:#'Y]_P *A71[_4F#W[I;1=H8E /^?KFN66)3?+37
_P^\ES6

HDD64
VWD 8(Z_C7+UVUWIFC:?IS27
($
7S
V3N)Z=1S
MWZ5S-MK?AR:[$4NF2PQ$X$IE8_F







\BIR?
61#OSQE?]6HP?G;(&1Z
M&KWARTBCTR2=;^VO'GB2:VQY7R*$ ')Z <DG\N@K_V


'@U2N-/MCK M#JD




GFXFN988+:9'GCN&A8LS(048

M\HMQIT=M#



M ._A_P *-T__ #SC_P_A_PJ6B@+=/_ 
\X_P#OX?\ C=/_P \X_\ OX?\
M*EHH BW3_P#/./\ [^'_  HW3_\ /./_ +^'_I:* (MT_\ SSC_ ._A_P *
M-T__ #SC_P_A_PJ6B@+=/_ 
\X_P#OX?\ C=/_P \X_\ OX?\*EHH BW3
M_P#/./\ [^'_  HW3_\ /./_ +^'_I:* (MT_\ SSC_ ._A_P *-T__ #SC
M_P_A_PJ6B@+=/_ 
\X_P#OX?\ C=/_P \X_\ OX?\*EHH BW3_P#/./\
M[^'_  HW3_\ /./_ +^'_I:Y_6O%EKI%S]E6)[BXXW(IP%S[^M5&$INT293

MRZ\5:-:Y#7J2
.T0+_J./UJO93ORVU%[6%N:^AJ;I_\ GG'_ -_#_A1NG_YY



MJ_B*2;U17P!]









M_O?_ *U:_P#;VW_66-POKQ0/$=GT:.=3[J/\:Z/[?P_6K]^GYH?]FOI YS4_
M&IPD9+^:ZV?


MID
<?_?P_X5E_VU<7'_'G82.#T9NG^?QI

VA'X(+YZF%_8=Q*V;NY:;V\PC^8-6X=
M*@@^[9PL?5YW\Q6E16E++<)3?

0 [!S_\
M33)83/CSK6WDQTWMG'_CM6:*['&
ERM:&2;3NBJMA:D?/96P/L@/]*K:XEN-


M#)NFNV\*Z0#I]Q+9PVUJZ/$\85I

9;/:NCTS5+N;PZMU!'9WTF

MA%GY%Q#YC




B@O?7]KIMO\ :+N8119QN()Y],L
MS_A
-!_Y_P#_ 
@O_P#$UL3V\-S%Y=Q#'+&3G;(H8?D:J_V+I7_0


L-TMM;#!
MPS
7.<8X%6SI4(UWN$)##;R0!8P%(<J?P^[TQWK.MOMO&TD=U(


MNQ-74T62T@:+3KI;14G
N@+!#LLIDMO*N#/:!8ODARN&4J-

M




MB)'

C

MS8S+.]U);Q01[-TA#

)
0Z

MV+*\CO[1+B-74


?_
M 'P*\\FMHID577(4Y7!P16O%H.HW


KW

^%;TG)N')
M/_3P]5SX-N2
$M@_]-J[EF$.M.I_X#_]L9.C/HX_?_P#M#!;J
F*( =RHJ-O

M\?\ P+_@'6M/I:#+2V:_5EJ-K[14^]=6YZ9D05RX\'L#S8QGZS'_P*IZ^$





?;HU'HO'\A6W]I1?P8:;];+]




;CPO)P/2N'
?[5E0=.E-2YM&E%1TZZMFV'AA%44IIZ:J[;U



M_P!_#_A7H+#\VM5\WET^[_
VY+_%J-CLK6) B6\2J.P04[[-!_SQC_[X%&Z?



J*I-M6[67
MZ'51Q

M/^%&Z?\ YYQ_]_#_ (50@^S0?\\8_P#O@4?9H/\ GC'_ -\C=/_ ,\X_P#O
MX?\ C=/_P \X_\ OX?\* #[-!_SQC_[X%'V:#_GC'_WP*-T_P#SSC_[^'_
MC=/_ ,\X_P#OX?\ @ ^S0?\\8_^^!1]F@_YXQ_]\C=/_SSC_[^'_C=/\


MJ)KO0X(K-3P9' ;Y4]6RR' YY% '07%C^L?9I-5MU%S)'=261421TQ@K\V


?\ 0(G_ %_^)KFAG6#FKQD__ 9?Y&CP
ME5;K\4;-%<GJ\3ZEK6F%M(M+MOLD[&VOFVJOS1\_<;G\!UIFBW$EO#I_D.U


M45F55*GS P_-NR,A@.U4(ZRBN*:[U:R\J]
[J+FQD1[AH-^6F7/$1(V\ @






?_? KM
26BHOLT'_/&/\ [X%'V:#_ )XQ
M_P#? H EHJ+[-!_SQC_[X%'V:#_GC'_WP* ):*B^S0?\\8_^^!1]F@_YXQ_]

M

_P#+2;^?

4:#=


MGC'_ -\C[-!_P \8_\ O@4 2T5%]F@_YXQ_]\C[-!_SQC_ .^!0!+147V:
M#_GC'_WP*/LT'_/&/_O@4 2T5%]F@_YXQ_\ ? H^S0?\\8_^^!0!+147V:#_


MZGLM-DGMT5I RKEE+*@+ %B!R0H.3TX'4=:N*BH




M$]E:7
L






H42$ ?H?Z5IVVGQ68'D6<$?Q

<?_?P_X4;I_P#GG'_W\/\ A4M% $6Z?_GG'_W\/^%&
<?_?P_X4;I_P#GG'_W\/\



%53=$22X9
8!9



MC.*M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %17/\
MQZS?[A_E4M17/_'K-_N'^5 !;?\ 'K#_ +@_E4M16W_'K#_N#^52T %%%% !
M1110 4444 





M'_W[/^--C

?_? H^S0?



?_? HVS_\](_^


MK[4[;/\ \](_^_9_QH /LT'_ #QC_P^!1]F@_YXQ_\ ? HVS_\ /2/_ +]G
M_&C;/_STC_[]G_&@ ^S0?\\8_P#O@4?9H/\ GC'_ -\C;/_ 
](_P#OV?\
M&C;/_P ](_\ OV?\: #[-!_SQC_[X%'V:#_GC'_WP*-L_P#STC_[]G_&C;/_
M 
](_P#OV?\ &@ ^S0?\\8_^^!1]F@_YXQ_]\C;/_STC_[]G_&C;/\ \](_
M^_9_QH /LT'_ #QC_P^!1]F@_YXQ_\ ? HVS_\ /2/_ +]G_&F@SF5DWQ\*



]*GB9R75R5;&0,9X!_K5#7E@.
ME,;AG2-)(W,BJ&\LAP0S _P@@$^V?K0!C6&F:2-'%]?ZK;RJ&5FN[6Z:)&5
M!&




MG[
T# I+
7D+)'@\D
R\#GH30!U.JP;+9;F34+:R%K
)(9I4_=H-NW:^6&[.
MYNA7J/3FA-9P:?8V=W%K5K:N3(#=3@&.;SCO; W#G(!7DX [U9U6Z@A?39[B
3A</*&09/'S*#
M@=QTH ZRRM(KQM[2'/E0QK&N3R0!CFIZSM CFA\/:=%<*RS);('5NH.T<'W

C
M!_(^AK N&U_TN31]3M!=WJ2QR2QQ%5$L+'(()P.-I/^SGN* .PHK+T'^TU



8R\*R NH]2O45DWVJ7MQ:Q76

;



W09R/S'J* +DT




AEESA@P:/@Y&,TVWM+FZ2:&9$77M/CADCN1*760?/
ML4M@'!&]6XZ-GGBMJ71;6^$_VV(213R),T!/ =5]1U& ./:@#*EM9[J.XM]




M2ZB1V1#&P61D&656QM+#!X!R._2J.IQ7T).I1S_:81YDLL7VEHT:W\O 15Y&
M[)#;N#QUYH O76J_:-%COM*GB=)76-9&!(&YMF?P8@GV!K(EMO*NKBR;5'1D

MO6E'I5E'J

2!][K


JI)YD3H55P0C 



MS*/8 T 95KYGVA9K6Z$US;W
ZVT$\V9)K;(5UW-DG#KD
?0 G!K7TS32-*N;
M6]MT6&XEE;[
3N(Y)VDCZD\=,X'2K5AI5CIBN+.V2+S&W.PY9C[D\FKE 




M_P#KH AM[+_0+&.]VSW%LJ$R'_GH%P6'YG\ZN444 %%%% !1110 454OM3M-

(K@K! Q;]S
8S.IC#(0XY RW7



M

8?OM)!Q^8J155$(H55&  , EH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****



M;G.
^E/H KVEC:6$1BL[:*,G)6) H)_K%%% !1110 4444 %%%% &?K
.H











GM6T(8Q
TPC42LH5GQR0
X&?3D_G



$B@#_V0$!
end








begin 644 ggkkbf223520000010.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 !I )L# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4





M)(OE$[AGZC&:ZO ]!^596C0@*TWG&5MH3)(/\JU*U@K(B3NPP/0?E4D8!9AQ







M.(2Z%;PDL(T020@*)'+


M












IQUP0*YE=#M'.?WX^4+P1T&.WJ
M*^6S%Q^L2YCUL-?V:L:7A^:&XU.(I;&$HX&3CG/I^5=3)*/,;Y7P<_*/7Z5




NQZP-_(UX)#JMN\;S+

CJ#VKJK#Q^@T^339
W6L;5[ZT




%8KL;AG@#&WJ:I'XG1/.T*^'[DE=N=MPIZC.
;






9W8P*BN[2

9KJZX

/['&!C@5Y3XAO[.X\3:G]KFC#I.8T$C-PH'&.P';KWK<M];F2(#G@5YGX
ZC\3_C7JFK^+K[3=)L'@A5E
2;
MV)YQM''3CZTG*QTUZ7(U[U[]SOY[Z\G.V11)&ZKE!@'@C(SCN
_I21O);/)]



'G'][-ZU:\








M(XU)F?8@0
Q4G &/2NJ[4O:CDCV*G6J3TD[G


M+-X)V:

1L%EP.P]\
M]:\GNO\ D9)/]S^E=/JOW(O^!?RKL]FD$K'<+KT1R/MB?@Q-#^(8X2CYW[F

L+--/


C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#W^BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***:[

LL4


M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 


9*D+QN/?IV]JI6UY/:N#%(P




MN]/3;IY=3SYR4GH?7]%?+%C\'/B=H=G'JFDM]EOILQ26]GJ(BG1
D_
P(0J2



&)PJ D[GDE!&<
M$+G*@G& <$ ^FZ*\?Q\:O#'_$RO+C2O$UJG^NL+=0DFP?
S)B-#NPI4 ;N6



\(P8+):2








MDNS.

M=_HGQ8\$:Y;^;#K]I:NJ(TD5^XMV0L/N_/@
1@@[2P'KR
QZS\(? VM[VET&


M/0L 


[+NZ9RN5(

MMXKBWECF@E0/')&P974C(((X(([T 2453U75;'1-+N-3U.YCMK.W3?+*YX4?
MS))P !R20!R:\OG_ &BO!L-Q+$EIK

*X!^\-T@.#UY /J!0!ZY7


MLPZ7JEIJ4T\MNMPK6L:


[OE8XP
T =)H&AP^'=+73;6ZNY
MK2-S]G2YD#F,](E;&2B]!N+$#C. ,:E%% !17E^L_'OP5I&HO9Q-?:ELR&F
ML8E:,,00&=EW=





6I;Y@5G*+M;/WU
M4(VX @#TBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB





M_KG_  C5A)G3=
E/GDQ;2]TNY6P3SM4$J.!DENHVFO:_AQX#TWP;X:L0NG1Q
M:Q+;J;ZX?:\OF
%+IO'\ 8   X^4'DY)^2-)LYO$OBJQLKB[D\_4[V.*2YDS



MOF?N/L/E[MT;)][S#C&[/3M0!RG[2&OWQUG3/#@:


M_%_X9MXZTN&^TPQIK5BC)6@7*'GRRW4$')4DX!+ XW;A\R7=CX@\%ZX([B


'TOXV_\DAUW_MW_P#1\= 'RYX1T:^\

MFG_]A6/_ -%2U@?LR_\ 




C()'XU\\?LX_\E#U#_L%2?^C8J^GZ BBB@ HHHH **** BB








G([4
M ?9=%?-EK\2_C!XDTNPBTC2)
&_$&J^(O!6MW=Y:7


X!X]C7T70!X_^T=_R3S3_ /L*Q_\

M


M22P:7;BW==X:

M)+J6


7'A_P#]JO8(([C591=HR8+F HOEAB/^!
!DXW]B2!X

XR5..-RL















%YTU'1[_29X&FTR*XAC&I^;=,
M//*9D$C/OW*%/!)W*2F4!W  ZZO[.Q\C[9=P6_GRK!#YT@3S)&^ZBYZL<'

74I&2CGRXU7'S'S
M(\

O0].X![_HG]L?V/!_;WV'^T_F\[[!O\G[QV[=_P WW<9S
@#V^O+]/\2?$?Q'J.N_V''X52QTW5;C3U^W+<1O+(P











U3_H<]<_[\V7


M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
$4 ?_V0$!
end










































        
        
        
        






        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 Plant and Equipment - Summary of Property
 Plant and Equipment

        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        














































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    


    


    


    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    




    

    

    

    

    

    

    




    




    




    




    




    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    




    

    

    

    

    


 plant and equipment



    


    

    

    

    

    

    




    




    

    

    

    

    

    

    


 plant and equipment


    
    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    


 $0.001 par value
 200
000
000 shares authorized
 36
162
433 issued and 36
148
264 outstanding on December 31
 2019
 and 35
556
595 issued and 35
542
426 outstanding on December 31


    

    

    

    

    

    

    


 at cost &#8212; 14
169 shares on December 31
 2019 and on December 31


    

    

    

    

    




    




    




    




    


 at cost


    

    


    

    

    

    

    

    


 GENERAL


    

    

    

    

    




    

    

    




    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    


    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    




    

    

    




    

    

    




    

    

    




    

    

    
    

    

    
    



    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    

    

    

    
    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    
    

    

    

    

    


 plant and equipment


    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    




    



    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    




    


    
    
    

    

    

    


    

    

    

    

    


    

    

    





    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    
    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    
    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    




    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    

    

    


 Plant and Equipment


    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    




    

    

    

    


    

    
    


 Plant and Equipment


    


 Plant and Equipment


    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    
    

    

    






    

    

    
    

    

    

    

    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    

    

    


 Land


    

    

    

    

    

    

    


 plant and equipment


    

    

    

 plant and equipment


    

    

    

    

    

    




    




    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    


    


    

    




    
    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    


    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    


    


    


    

    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    




    

    

    
    
    
    


    
    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    

    

    

    

    
    
    

    


    


    


    

    
    

    

    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    

    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    

    

    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    




    




    

    

    
    

    

    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    




    

    

    




    




    
    




    




    




    




    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    


    

    
    

    

    
    
    

    

    




    




    

    


    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    


    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    


    

    
    
    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    




    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    




    

    

    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    

    

    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    

    

    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    




    

    

    




    

    

    




    

    

    
    

    

    




    




    








    




    






    




    




    




    




    




    






    




    




    




    




    

    

    

    


    





    


    




    




    


    



    


    





    




    


    




    




    


    



    

    

    

    









    



    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    

    

    





    




    




    




    


    



    





    




    




    




    


    


    

    

    

    

    

    

    




    




    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    




    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    


    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    

    

    
    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    

    

    
    

    

    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    

    

    




    

    


    





    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    








































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017













062
117


199


627

































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















347





099





678





817





506





912
854





844
301




































Amount of contractual obligation
 including but not limited to
 long-term debt
 capital lease obligations
 operating lease obligations
 purchase obligations
 and other commitments.




























Amount of contractual obligation due after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of contractual obligation due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of contractual obligation due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of contractual obligation due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of contractual obligation due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of contractual obligation due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017











Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Share
 Granted


























Number of Options
 Nonvested Beginning Balance

043







Shares
 Granted

036







Number of Options
 Vested

342)







Number of Options
 Forfeited

192)







Number of Options
 Expired








Number of Options
 Nonvested Ending Balance

796


043





Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Share
 Nonvested Beginning Balance








Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Share
 Granted








Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Share
 Vested








Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Share
 Forfeited








Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Share
 Expired








Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Share
 Nonvested Ending Balance


























Number of Options
 Nonvested Beginning Balance

223
210







Shares
 Granted

803







Number of Options
 Vested

399)







Number of Options
 Forfeited

253)







Number of Options
 Nonvested Ending Balance

338
361


223
210





Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Share
 Nonvested Beginning Balance








Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Share
 Granted








Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Share
 Vested








Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Share
 Forfeited








Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Share
 Nonvested Ending Balance














































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














BALANCES at Dec. 31
 2016

782
531


961


477
706


729
136)







Shares
 Outstanding at Dec. 31
 2016



961
650













280
461


074


279
387









Exercise of options to purchase common stock
 shares



073
788


























Issuance of restricted stock units
 shares



183













019




981









Conversion of warrants to common stock
 shares



927













438
181




438
181











129








129







262
341)






262
341)







BALANCES at Dec. 31
 2017

902
978


132


783
195


991
477)


129





Shares
 Outstanding at Dec. 31
 2017



132
548













325
196




324
847









Exercise of options to purchase common stock
 shares



464













226)










226)



Issuance of restricted stock units
 shares



583













971
470




971
470











739)








739)







361
204)






361
204)







BALANCES at Dec. 31
 2018

474
475


556


079
437


352
682)


610)


226)



Shares
 Outstanding at Dec. 31
 2018



556
595








169





460
445




459
931









Exercise of options to purchase common stock
 shares



540













294
658)




294
750)









Issuance of restricted stock units
 shares



298













054
554




054
554











560)








560)







382
735)






382
735)







BALANCES at Dec. 31
 2019

264
521


162


299
172


735
417)


170)


226)



Shares
 Outstanding at Dec. 31
 2019



162
433








169




































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
 -Subparagraph (b
c)





















































































Total number of shares issued during the period
 including shares forfeited
 as a result of Restricted Stock Awards.
















































































































































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2019
Feb. 20
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019































  2019




































 INC.
























































































Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



165
315
































Entity Address
 Address Line One








Entity Address
 Address Line Two








Entity Address
 City or Town








Entity Address
 State or Province








Entity Address
 Postal Zip Code





















































Entity Incorporation
 State or Country Code






























 11
 12
 13
 and 14 will be furnished (and are hereby incorporated) by an amendment hereto or pursuant to a definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A that will contain such information.
































































































































 -Name Forms 10-K
 20-F
 40-F



























Fiscal period values are FY
 Q1
 Q2
 and Q3.  1st
 2nd and 3rd quarter 10-Q or 10-QT statements have value Q1
 Q2
 and Q3 respectively
 with 10-K
 10-KT or other fiscal year statements having FY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.





























 -Name Forms 10-K
 10-Q
 20-F



























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word 'Other'.

























































Address Line 1 such as Attn
 Building Name
 Street Name













































































































































































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.

























































Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits
 the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits
 the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters
 and the fields are separated with a hyphen.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: Large Accelerated Filer
 Accelerated Filer
 Non-accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.






















































































The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold
 or the average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.






















































































The Tax Identification Number (TIN)
 also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN)
 is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.

























































Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.





























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019

















































453
498








784
233












419
155








138
091












842
359








442
338












715
012








364
662












743








430












542
269








317
232









































The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019













 2019
 the Company entered into the Fourth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (as amended
 the &#8220;New Loan Agreement&#8221;)
 which amended and restated in full the Company&#8217;s Third Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement
 dated as of September 21
 2017. The New Loan Agreement provides for a $90 million senior secured credit facility (the &#8220;New Credit Facility&#8221;)
 encompassing a $55.0 million delayed draw term loan facility (the &#8220;Draw Facility&#8221;) and a $35.0 million revolving loan facility (the &#8220;Revolving Loan Facility&#8221;). The Company will have the ability to increase the New Credit Facility by up to an additional $75.0 million
 subject to certain conditions.

 2024 and borrowings thereunder will bear interest at variable rates depending on the Company&#8217;s election
 either at a base rate or at LIBOR
 in each case
 plus an applicable margin. Subject to the Company&#8217;s leverage ratio
 the applicable margin will vary between 0.50% and 1.00% for base rate loans and 1.50% and 2.00% for LIBOR loans. Upon closing the New Credit Facility
 the Company borrowed $15.0 million under the Revolving Loan Facility
 which left $20.0 million of availability. The Company has the option to borrow term loans under the Draw Facility (&#8220;Draw Term Loans&#8221;) until May 15
 2021
 subject to certain conditions. Commencing on June 30
 2021
 
 installments equal to 1/28th of the outstanding Draw Term Loans and the remainder shall be due and payable on May 15
 2024.

 including financial covenants and negative covenants that limit
 among other things
 the Company&#8217;s ability to incur additional debt
 create or incur liens
 engage in mergers or consolidations
 sell
 transfer or otherwise dispose of assets
 make voluntary prepayments to subordinated debt
 permit a change of control
 pay dividends or distributions
 make investments
 and enter into certain transactions with affiliates. The New Loan Agreement also includes events of default customary for agreements of this type.
borrowings under our credit facilities totaled $54.5 million at December 31
 2019
 of which $40.5 million net of unamortized debt issuance cost of $0.6 million
 related to the Draw Term Loans and $14.0 million related to the Revolving Loan Facility. There was no debt outstanding as of December 31
 2018.

 $0.2 million and $0.5 million for the years ended December 31
 2019
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. There was $0.3 million accrued interest on the credit facilities as of December 31
 2019 and less than $0.1 million of accrued interest on the credit facilities as of December 31
 2018 and 2017.

 2019 and 2018. Amortization of debt issuance cost is recorded as interest expense. In addition
 the Company incurred $1.4 million of debt issuance cost upon execution of the New Credit Facility.&#160;&#160;As of December 31
 2019
 $0.7 million is presented within other assets and $0.7 million is presented net of the Draw Term Loan. 



































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019











 due to the fact that potentially dilutive securities would have an antidilutive effect as the Company incurred a net loss for the years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018 and 2017.


 2019
 2018
 and 2017
 there were no reconciling items between Net Loss/Income and Net Loss attributable to common stockholders.

 as their effect is antidilutive
 are as follows: 























































500
156








018
050








559
532












847








591








150












482








536








253












770
485








284
177








746
935


















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2019
Sep. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2019
Mar. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Sep. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2018
Mar. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
Sep. 30
 2017
Jun. 30
 2017
Mar. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017





































751
772


265
901


052
179


792
202


643
303


799
601


624
956


169
601


828
546


125
006


728
364


677
571


862
054


237
462


359
487



Grocery (including Online)
 Mass and Club



























































































550
436


506
192


412
005































































































311
618


731
270


947
482




































Amount
 excluding tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value added and excise.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019



&#8212;The Company has not historically declared dividends
 and no future dividends are expected to be available to benefit option holders. Accordingly
 the Company used an expected dividend yield of zero in the valuation model. 












































































































































































A summary of service period stock options outstanding and changes under the plans during the year ended December&#160;31
 2019 is presented below: 


































 2018






793
981




































036




































086




































192


































































 2019






359
990
























107
025






 2019






012
194
























240
528











 2019
 and changes during the year ended December&#160;31
 2019
 is presented below:





















 2018






043




















036




















342




















192


































 2019






796











































 2019 is presented below:

































 2018






275
746




































803




































477




































253






























 2019






372
819
























977
436






 2019






488
























550
157










 2019
 and changes during the year ended December&#160;31
 2019
 is presented below:





















 2018






223
210




















803




















399




















253














 2019






338
361











































The following table includes activity related to outstanding restricted stock units during the twelve months ended December 31
 2019.





















 2018






979




















187




















401




















356


































 2019






229





































































Tabular disclosure for stock option plans. Includes
 but is not limited to
 outstanding awards at beginning and end of year
 grants
 exercises
 forfeitures
 and weighted-average grant date fair value.




























Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of stock options
 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017













151


096


195





151


096


195










































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019






































 2019
 2018 and 2017 were as follows:











































605
524




















 2019
























424
637












886










 2019
 future minimum payments due under lease obligations for five years were as follows: 










 2019
























723
951












768
626












763
787












802
007












297
218












355
589












761
279












594
310






















 2018
 in accordance with the superseded leasing standard
 are as follows:













































475
761












626
179












671
003












664
510












700
539












246
015












384
007



























 2019
 future minimum payments due under manufacturing and service obligations for five years were as follows:













































347












099












678












817












506












912
854












844
301
































































Tabular disclosure of contractual obligation by timing of payment due. Includes
 but is not limited to
 long-term debt obligation
 lease obligation
 and purchase obligation.




























Tabular disclosure of lessee's lease cost. Includes
 but is not limited to
 interest expense for finance lease
 amortization of right-of-use asset for finance lease
 operating lease cost
 short-term lease cost
 variable lease cost and sublease income.




























Tabular disclosure of undiscounted cash flows of lessee's operating lease liability. Includes
 but is not limited to
 reconciliation of undiscounted cash flows to operating lease liability recognized in statement of financial position.




























Tabular disclosure for lessee's operating leases. Includes
 but is not limited to
 description of lessee's operating lease
 existence and terms of renewal or purchase options and escalation clauses
 restrictions imposed by lease
 such as those concerning dividends
 additional debt
 and further leasing
 rent holidays
 rent concessions
 or leasehold improvement incentives and unusual provisions or conditions.
 -Subparagraph (Note 1
3)
































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019










 2019
 2018
 and 2017 were as follows:
















































































792
202








052
179








265
901








751
772












317
269








345
703








534
502








875
547












421
999








661
349








067
164








633
451












421
999








661
349








067
164








633
451
























































































































169
601








624
956








799
601








643
303












409
926








409
631








639








890
379












520
937








500
519








165








757
418












520
937








500
519








165








757
418
























































































































677
571








728
364








125
006








828
546












740
471








827
121








024








617
318












879
525








652
162








548








514
895












879
525








652
162








548








514
895
















































































































The entire disclosure for quarterly financial data. Includes
 but is not limited to
 tabular presentation of financial information for fiscal quarters
 effect of year-end adjustments
 and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability of the information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019
















































453
498








784
233












419
155








138
091












842
359








442
338












715
012








364
662












743








430












542
269








317
232









































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










May 15
 2019
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017

















291
099


000
000


500
000







500
000











000











000
000.0


000


000







000


000































500
000

































000
000.0

































000


000


000

























Debt instrument
 face amount

000
000









Line of credit facility
 maturity date

  2024













400
000

































000

































000































000
000.0































Line of credit facility
 applicable margin
































Line of credit facility
 applicable margin
































Line of credit facility
 applicable margin
































Line of credit facility
 applicable margin
































Debt instrument
 face amount

000
000.0









Line of credit facility
 frequency of payment and payment terms



 2021
 the amount of any outstanding Draw Term Loans shall be repayable in equal consecutive quarterly installments equal to 1/28th of the outstanding Draw Term Loans and the remainder shall be due and payable on May 15
 2024.







Line of credit facility
 frequency of payments










Line of credit facility
 date of first required payment

  2021































Debt instrument
 face amount

000
000.0











000
000.0









Line of credit facility
 remaining borrowing capacity

000
000.0

































































































































Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt issuance costs. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs.

























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of [accrued] interest payable on all forms of debt
 including trade payables
 that has been incurred and is unpaid. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Date the first payment under the line of credit must be paid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



























Date the credit facility terminates
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



























Description of the frequency of the required periodic payments of interest
 principal
 or both
 and the amount
 if set
 or a description of a formula upon which payment is based.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



























Description of the frequency of periodic payments
 which may be presented in a variety of ways (for example
 monthly
 quarterly
 annually).
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))

























































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



























Amount of cash inflow from contractual arrangement with the lender
 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.




























Reflects the total carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of debt having initial terms less than one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




















































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018











626
069


831
214





063
220


155
279





371
561)


688
332)





552


733





283
280)


849
894)
































































Amount
 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences
 classified as other.






















































































Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from property
 plant
 and equipment.




































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( % R65 ?(\\#P    !



0;FP@R8;-OGYIH(?
MMWF\81AU8\K(XK%T-8943OTJDH\ Q:X831F:3LTXXFBD(3^ G/
6+V2?$9/
M-(X'PJ8%EQV^3O8:W7..7AKQ%/25V^9CGIYFHQ*/B76_..7+8\#?NW_+

MMX@^@
?





!FGK_# J5,7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#
MW(*+$MX%
O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S
M^!7+5(UEHP$35T$FN8BT\OELQ?S:WCYES^DZ'3*!;C ;6!_SF^GY$Y:B.%4


M
WJ=?3K.:Y1_::L!I^V[F\^3_'/HY)^GD]=-0LYPOP)\?LC6V&')VX[$W(Z
M'&=?

MWXV(]ZMOFCU7H5A)VH3X$$8:XIQSYG/1;/L'I4;1]E6\W*.76!4!EQC?-*HU
M+

M:;




VPLCO='U!=*
MY \FIS_I





94[[G*TG$53B_

 U[F$RQ#I'[!?8J*@!&K8KZZKT_Y)9P[M'OQ@2;_-;;I/;=X Q\
MU*M:I60K$3]+!WP?D@9CC%OT-%^/%&*MIK&MQMHQ#'F 6/

H68XWX=%FAHS








MVHO=P^Y^








M\7NO[:!))E[B+G'88/XE9YML9I#&
6-*S+_D;)
]8R*-*Q[
O^1L1_:
B32N
M?T.8?\G9CNSAC#2.&5-B_B5G.[)G3*1Q#3+
O^1L1RQ]H'&ECR



VQ(#&'F+!Y#VU4-6QVP.HO9V^E-T&Q.3JN
_P*+OW










M

M)!I9=HP5;2 $/*I4:+TT1O6/6O94S\&^?&DFC270;FKY7GV0X5*!..E,+RC
MP#H*U!&&2: ]9 WX-*[8$J,4(((&G5F+4O$$]25PX@3M/U6B#2O


/P!Q9_'4P@H_L I#9DM
M$C*9):6?Q_0#K6T:WLK!4Z%UYS4ZR4SXPK\  $14 3<@WC404TQPPXHP.:
M.R:6IP_<3)C3&9' QY\0
&'$[454)RI-*(A2)S[K3DI*.&5KDOYY]0+D6






[[;^Z?


ALJ1^IHF4A


M
&AV3
VU^8V*2]/)X

MQZL83?\'Y5]02P


9+V9]VTN]

MHVR/A2V;8U5&M=W-XV=X6J/L.O3$MZ.]-#?749?*:U7]Z&[^WLYCUBFRN=VT
M78C

(_3.-K:
M77;.VR_5Y2\[)B3C:

MW\L8_[T;W0''#GCM .K##GSLP']W$!]V$&
'X75(AE3ZN5EG;;:8U=4EJH?'
QK6^+8I6?+6!1J9Y<#@+7,E$A?].@120RPQ
MZ([W ZQ0NE[9!TBP#2M@I.)\CX OPN0T@$$&4#T <1= ./-U
#HGBF'5(5


(
)H+CUR%9&J



&)]23
MGO$

M9D&1$E-QZV!C @0I(-4@IA*@S0X(MP/?[4;HKF@)5QZ#Q1-R6C/CURL*DV#D


U%VFS0T:L




$%     @ 4#)94)= K+0#!0

W$?1IAW 8W?;X5ID=3:;EL5A

.:$26)/3HT!MC'0.M ]!Q8UYHAQ+69WQ CG


MLB1M%:I3 GE?@[L)S6@$I))RND)(GE+%&3AP[F!F']A'AVE@P]:TS/':BW
M&C184'A&WU^#[*?%TZED^%0[G!8E5FM%^ =FKCS#MJ;W(:(YH+QJ2X5$EO



W- 1$GCE@FM.)T#%Q@/X@8T$\HG(I@





[Z_










MC_:I?.FZK_N+WQYNQV[OJ%VU]_T^Q*)\?&MG[6JUCU1\_'L

MZ+\




MPBX$)BI# +E(U.
 '@;P0P!_'L!'U5
'31HTFT%S19(Y25 9 V&02.R\RAL(

M9VU'IPN@ T.[88K:TPPIO2N]+KJ@(27'AJ4V
:E2P DD0#H!LGU%+D=CW^J(


9A(!*.G9

MEJ.


TE1E6]^O

MF 02) T004^%(D@:T9DN($8%#_;@H8 * 8-9 8HOW56(1JKWKP;5;V#XK
MZUW=473^K#*N1(+&U PHI6SJFF0ZRPK+]J$)J5( I/*NG C:VZ(K?#4E-)L


TY$.HT+]UC3DFTJ
N51;-@_ C
MCUY
4RD(5<I:9@[@C@3M;<$4N3P&5-;08=V*=D;]?*


M='


M2:CDA/@4C*]53I
@24+C!POYWA#J0
1%[&\\1)YY0!N#Q?V+_$VGTM)V[A


M\9=Q%SKNPWAS?8&M ]()D
Z FPA@8Z*H_#-WO
@
#L2

S


CL<^N _#D54GMMIYWQ\8<U4'BKLKTX/&F\98Q3V:



MH?=2[M^G.;L$HCGF.
4DZY@E@B'[DB+92G%






M








ME

YYPY
M
Q[GHW6/O@




M=?C!%D-!$^+Q'9[=-&:3$6P__RV?./R-U!+ P04     !0
EE0']\&![0!



GXNG'1-&8#;\RO[AUB[K^4B+#R@^B%KUQ7TCI(:&C$J]X331UCJN:5D

N^RC_LTWZ3I ML'\ 7 5\!=S
/F
.N]UY(G:<ZN@6B).<TQ?!-S
M6.89U]3\+T4)_X?G._#TUV%:82G?RG

MQFFRI

MAK,EKE=*V%\GD&;(Z(9^.![;NO'!P?*T$S4\@?_1G2U:;&8I6P7:
MM483U5&[S;'TR[$QX?+0QN<2:ADHLQ+\'X6F8T8) 0N$#@\#MO<@92!
M&:\3)YU3!N#R_

%)5_


M]CD%7TMQXO_ ^3I\NZIP&^';/Q3NUPEVJP2[2+#[;XEK



)1-ZX*#%5DO&O@)[E=_



M3O+*NPSL;7Q$]A\^3?L/81K967)&YU\V]K]&=.!32:[\+7^@RV&@MJ%XV=_
M-M.838;#?OY!;/G&Q3]02P,$%     @ 4#)94DN)):T 0  T@
  !D   !X
M.IL3EOG







MX;??Q!;OG'Q&U!+ P04     !0
EE07(F#*;4!  #2 P  &0   'AL+W=O




M? SX(6&PBS

MMZL*MQ&^_4/AS3K!;I5@%PEV_RUQ+6;_5Q*VZ*D&4\=ILJ3 OHV3O/#. WL7




M[)7N0?F;1AO)G#=-2VQO@-41) 6A27)#).
*EWGTG4R9Z\$)KN!DD!VD9.;/
Y B$#D93S/G'A)&8#K\RO[UUB[
MK^7,+-QI\<AKUQ5XCU$-#1N$N]?C-YCKN<9H+OX'7$#X\*#$YZBTL'%%U6=
MEC.+ER+9R[1S%?=QNLFN9]@V@
X N@#V
0^9$D7E7YAC96[TB
S4^YZ%)TX/

M+7R:]I_

M971S+W-H965T

MME&!\P#'W;\?8


MMSB36


D+[SRP]SR]R4OX..U?


M965T


M[OY^E.RZ;F?L11(IGL-#BDH'8Y]= ^#)JY+:9;3QOCLPYHH&E'!7I@.--Y6Q





M:DO?9'1/20F5Z*5_-


M[U\0^\EYSQ)V24033'',88O8K9S!$/V.05?2W'D_\#Y.GRWJG 7X;L/J_7

M

 &!!VV/2LV;0O5Q9/DN/O[

VA.[(F];T,+?V X,WM36:1'0
M= WSG0-1)9!6C&\V[Y@6TM B2[ZS*S+;!R4-G!WQO=;_3Z!LD-.M_3%\2B;
M-D0'*[).-/ -PO?N[-!B


M&_!E4_]K:P.@E
T-CE+'VPV%-0A'N_P[,8Q&XU@N^D'L?D;%W\ 4$L#!!0
M   ( % R65B_M3


MS;(MVQ? QN_YV9AL1/-B6P!'WK3J;$Y;Y_H#8[9L00M[A3UT_J9&HX7SIFF8



%E \/2GR.$I6-*RD'ZU#/+%Z*%F_3+KNXC]/-
;!&DD
M2/];XE;,GRK9JJ<:3!.GR9(2ARY.\LJ[#.P=CV_R*WR:]B_-+*SY(S.OVSL

M


BYX;6Q]


MP

-=;$%4$

:OF9
N*0-P?7YC_Q)KQUK.PL&=44^R\FU.;RBIH!:#

5_APLH# ]*
$=IE(LK*0?GC9Y94(H6+]
NN[B/TPW_-
.V
M 7P&\ 5P$_.P*5%4_EEX4636C
3_P/DV/-E4F$1X\H?=)L@W21((T'ZWQ*W

9L


RYX;6QU5MN.
A@'W5'V0KQW

M*H^Z6(7S








M:O@.[D=W-MYB
TLI-;168DL
5!E]V!Q/NQ ? UXD#'9Q)J&2^)K,+Z4&4U
:C!UG9+NS;.,D+[SRP#SR^R=_P<=J_5/+UI(+.O^R
ML?\5H@.?2G+C1ZCQ'VPV%%0N'/?^;
8Q&PV'W?2#V/R-\S]02P
$%     @

PTR<JVE$U5M5(CK5*U?6;ML8T'A?P.OG[ '9<-_4+
M


Y9RX

-L;$%4D

M'^!^]B?C+;:H5%)#9R5VQ$=T_O]X9@&? 3\DC#:U9F$2LZ(S\'X5N5T%Q(


(GT9!W][GI;(-T42*- ^D^)


-C%F81*KH@OP?A29G03$@(%






M\!W




ML!(ABRLH0%5^^#3*9=_ZP5]XY_F^I_X*_X6/C\





M^QB'3(%BY@_

M$X:N
+L%0;SZ$H)NA3C23W2Z34\W

M/@0AJYY*

K!W-+[)?_@T[3^8:;FRZ*R=?]G8_T9K!SZ5
MY


$%     @ 43)94*%(



]




M8]@$LQ@1U+&/$@R3.+!WY0PO3U'22A?_N=P,7.(83X06:(B2X0@F8E@F4N

EE0.S%)

M*L&


MX(YRDO+5+;X6^S!RCH!#;AP%L\

MPY/DO^K5/MP$P8%E*SCYEGV7V \TH

M)G=!7PJ_9\UK&[UDBVB9DHLC&C&' 1//


4&&:)B] (?QT10K&Z07'C@=$[RH&!
MZ/4'3&9O6H Z^VZF@UQVC6^EL^C4
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#
Q+GAM;&U3
M;6^;
!#^*Y9_0!U(UG81(#6=JDW:I*C3VL\.'&#5]C';A.[?SS:$LHPO^.YX




M4.#^.

C2!F$?!F_)TTZIPS$I7U1?XJ]^UY.W


EE0S%)\


BYX;6QU4]MNG# 0


M9&5IN 1EN5;(0%OBN_1PS$-\#/C%8;*;

PKT63[QQ?8EO


MYB%SHJC\


MFYY*

J/
M4.\_V&H(:%TX?O)G
X_9;#@]+#^(K-^X^@M02P
$%     @ 43)94

VROU5'O-J2RS^O=2%?H\]YG_-O EWQ_:


SO+Y_\_ZY+]X4


I?2]

ML LB

M R:^;BBE(I)6XU=3'


K5KN]O8W-?#AX3AH=7'\2-)</E2



T+GAM;(V7VW*;



MQZ!J7QS[U+R?X(56:7/3VJSCYD^]\FK=^CK#E$ZB5^-DF7G+H![#^LQBR
;.PS#0
M9^Y]#.PS#T

X!?? SN
/#$
1)
MC&)*'
='CR. B.H]DC.=/8XQ1_%@OCYY0




&(

M


ME=N.FS 417\%\=X!W[A$!*FAJEJIE:*IVCX[B1/0 *:V$Z9_7]LPB#%67X)M











$%     @





J\D]O%'BY]C8

M#I%82
HP%0@6Q4!1#! E1Z(Z#!]

28P*(X*(H'H@*C

IR?5(_1I (H(T(TS!F@2H281&
0$32)! SG]_%$B@9KP_*FA62RX4
N0HXD%C<8 X<22SGF.#EIFF6(Z]@8 *L4TFQ(%QQP#.5<3:SJ&




(Y8














2G:@

V5=A LG[L@FAJQ<4_4$L#!!0    ( %$R65!!@SG/<0(  
L(   9

Y+GAM;(V6[6Z;
!2&;P5Q 35?(:0B2 4T
M;=(F19W6_7:($U -9K83NKN?;0@ESFFU/\%VGO/Z/3;V(1T8?Q4U(=)Y:VDG

M2K62\O%G$G7G.77@LGU5_V*25\GLL2 %H[^;@ZRW;N(Z!W+$9RJ?V?53 FM
M7&?*_CNY$*IP[43-43$JS*]3G85D[:2BK+3X;7PVG7D.D_XU# X(IH!@#O#C
M3P/*2!\#X@^#8BF@
@*0&




MNPC!1$


:_BO']O0B(
M?QIKLKHL6[(E-W?9]IJVM)JKXH#6NV\_0.M:)'LC''S.P^\@8#%R\29KQE3P
MWK6]W(:U4L
& 'FH64?E

M8R^B+/A%M4W/7D0@+UU'Q9\=:_FX#6%X&WAMSK4R Z L!GIFWYGZ
;P('8'%



M)

M

$0P]B/%7J1XC80B!VG2D+N92)1@Y.JJM0Y0E:


M#M!:1@A



)<\6T:_2L2ZSUC;T$+3LITTUU7TSWUA0H/LQ7


MHV=?%PSH+'@U1#UFV6%@A$#(M#L@PO 7S!




MH

 FXS FB<_LE






M:&D7_P%02P


MT4-G5LYMDR;4EZ0ZB6PDR.U'.$H2E'+FBZL2M=[DE4IKIHW'3S)0%W;ELF_
M.^!BV(9Q^-YX;BZUM@U4E3V[P$_0+_V3-!6:54Y-YUJ1!=(.&_#3_%FGUB\




M$&0

0&HQJ]&AD
M:W

MRP(  (

!#'





WJQ
M*$WY.CRKUC^OPXJ0HQEL0$8#
AG0XD
#.AK0R0S#PW8:, @VQ(Q==F4YIR




MCILZ%(5?!?$ !=^XC))(3:;5.=*I-.I1V]]

VG?_G!QTV OTS _









\9QM12L!3'CN9.
;4T6F 8
MTT






( =LI0ZV!&9+A/=/%8'9
M$FBG9DX5+;J=*FQVJ@A



$%     @ 43)94*2CTN- @  * D  !D   !X;]W

M5=MGAS@!+6!J.V'[][4-RQ(85IL\!#R



MT

C!:5

4VSU1Y

M@XGZAL_2S2 3!(@ T!OB
(1Y6:8GP\(Q* (@$@
E^_G]BF9:&P%1H'%OHP=+B\ FWR /$)O9

L V4Y!


@#/TKB!\P4MINNRJ)=-TTW:2=5&W:[C--G 8-0@YH

'H_[(

C7_ B=0 ^5H$9EE(LKJ8[.&SVQ8E:?(V[

91Q#
L

/#_BWL07:.[(W'2XRC;HSQ@'S9#;Z6
M%O_2[AH?##OT+;CBQH=;_KIL[#YQY;_ 5!+ P04     !1
EE0F)O;0+\!


_15!
M'U#9BI



:&C9R^Z*F9YC[V6
T


MR7Y/LP^%R&JR G0;=LJ@2HTR[/



$%     @ 43)9
M4

M0:DM S7+%9Z 


M?]0^T&*8YQ4O?QK%/U!+ P04     !1,EE01X@W.20  !#!@  &0   'AL


PA(DB;756M


M?T=1?V*:P-O]5?VK+5X7LZ






EE0



M3# I@KLQFC2'48
7F@@GLR;0_C



2YX;6QUE-V.FS 0
MA5\%\0!K

P:[
O'8=%?\.P/BX]T/_OO#27AIE%E!9#/0/T']

H[!
M-V
)'3D*/'=S8B<G=G#6NQYO.5F<I)F;DS@YB8.#5YQD


MM3+35
_%=
=

$%     @ 43)94#$K 5@? @  W 4

KE4]L^ IC/8GO

M#8C&@.@](#;%V\Q

F:I6*.^M3**T
M0#=--&)V%A/.
'A(,4^280NB5UX%QY^%-C?(W0N24B9Q61(8CF$CAR$\1.

M@5_





MS*KB^7Q^J4\?@NT

M%]?%:M65U/KQ[U#H?%]G9WCX_6?I=WWP;3#?\KJX+E?_+)^:U_-YF





MD^TTW&LVO8:#M1Q'?)OJ*@FHZ+62W7.V:#


=W=H %A+3-?-0Y-R'M'$N.




VG%YS!C



M^)AQ$(W.#+0C:Z2(


)NS&2#A7!.3$X^@&

EI#/4#AN
2Q]YAL F0'%7L/
MR/YL+B-

%\A38II X8T*5*F-7$TKFZ!





R)1FTPU=%/W'N[DW93GTU(_C7]OI\LPY-)Q^





M@!

M^4R9U $BJ .WQ(!(N$3LAX-06KO+?(^ G\4-85D@ 08EW4$)GRLAI@EPSH45

M DL) 2W1WIPRGTCW IQ



5

SLBR@-)); 0B NV:!8T+SHZTB$



'HK$SAWPJFM
MD+UP4UOY]J)WI




$%     @

7G@T
M!(R*OTMYZV;WWE#*FU(_AH??#VL_&GHD*[GOAQ2%OKS+G:RJ(9/NQ[\FJ7_W

)A:;##I$N)2]8PJ*4[@4G^5C
M CY+D
09G2 F$\1C@GB1(+=&:M+DHZ:92HT#B*URL8IIE5TQ5HD@$G2/$[+'


-.$-E.##NE


M(XS@2V4XJ=1





F
]P=FRI97L:CX2=

PS''JM]JX^CT^'Q

ME[J34:7]ED?G^\/E3SVPVVJ[]OI##D]].IBSL?A_9^^1]02P
$%     @
M43)94/4;V

MR%HPNK=!91'@


M;


/ Z(N('HV@'0!Q D(VE1L;3*JZ&(F


DNLQ\4[*#
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#4W+GAM;(54VX[;(!#]%8L/6'S;I(UL
M2YM$JU9JI6BK;I^)/;YHP7@!Q]N_+V#B=1(K?3',<,Z9BQF2@8LW60,H[X/1
M5J:H5JK;8SS&AB1#[R#5I^47#BMDJ+#L!I+ D1G'H^RO
2-.B++&^@\@2


1W


M

CB/V*3
._$\BJJ:5WI$K??7L!2DY5Z 3]!_T%-7Z
MC9D


W

X$CIDV0KZI
MC'






M_LXNNK#=/1./

!T7\$Z'_Q(7XD0#PJ&!.2#AN5

MF?;D_L'D
:]4L!7:'&NT1^$T-RX!$_&7V8^%OI)P0_:#A,SENV)V4ZTJ+NO
M@:C_))G_ U!+ P04     !1

CEEN@U CI
OXXS7!(:8BW

M4VE_@_(B%6=.19?R&N_UHU=N_X&1X[F)\2.$ ^$']*F#O_)V0?$I('$9

1Q2M$MW]T@1ML^V=;H_4T6N!4YRCJQ%RF$V/

M8@62.X'%J%



M'S#]0?'6S4XT#/#B'U!+ P04     !1,EE0F3)V1_\!  4!0  &0   'AL




?^H^]5<1G*E_8\ 6L'^Q[UOPWN !5


$&TQE
'*V3%

M+GAM;)58[6Z;




#A7

)*&228 054RS;
U=.-HZ4*8&1;K0K$N(-!?
MC1HSJS!9A=&EWD2$8XB.3 _*](!
#Q/XD
?OJH!) @F)KH35);]_48HB.
MV+B2;2##UTO9[HU-!VCD*Z0 4LA0
A H1)H&4^$3E\3@HN=H&K7:PV!?%M/
M&+27V+(-*08NPMQ $5/L7-[ 6]PE%(5RLV


M]O0UIMA-*'(3/6
(Y/?V&!- X0U05S$V+THG_!XTH+$ZO@T) 61@0T.Q2U)D

 H




MY]_\

MI#;'S'W

272
9

:P8V:$&'[
C&.&
U+/+=(A$WB'&'G

MB9TK:P5YY-P$*RBLH&H%=:1 FCC8
K9FUEM&6\VMI?9$H##:
=+.(0 9TX);








NX@U3LA!/H D&


EE0



M1YCZN:-D:OXG7$B/%2.6HC7?R2^NR\41

&UL[;UI<^/8E2#ZN?DK$'Z9/5($Q) @DM6



M+.=S^+K^M^]6?_RW[W ('B9)HT_58O58PQBS8M;\^;B8=J-^$D=I+YDT?SPM

MN?G=(3P]HS=.Y_E#\]?[?%Y[P^@YKHIE62$
9]%QOO*?$Q!T_N5?0EO1PYR6

M*-?%0XF@AXDO\B=ORZ?7)S=_NCJYC:.SBZ-NRQA'L.PE+/D
\.;7Z
_%:_.Y

SG![\LJI=%=%/D=;4H9M%9

UA\N8+U]A^?-BZ3UV4;6\

R




MT7HENGTL0% Q LRR^-NZ7/+ 9ZOBJ8X2D82D$62%/[?CTGR20;1X@VT5T1


]%J$:X

O1SX]!^FDB);EPR


& ?@J






K^H!T+9I_EP
M  .(M'YJ@B3(AF=EMYQVH]4?+=!]%P6CX!Y2'+GE2^IWH+X4*^7KPQHV.4*



GWYR0*01XIO_W1R


MZ4/KB-4-(
5 








G:(\D


C8/\M.N7L


AJT?15 '$&TIBM!AJDG=#/\/3CDH?4;KG&&YC$T@MVS@ Y@0LF5
M=8QYE=..:/=AP:!&R< 




ML?Q2_.&/9 5+V(Z7?!_])LO\T#:





TA^T4.Q@*.:SU_Q]^)YQ>\2:+LW@%R)?3AA\/#*X4G
M75B]'@3V

'$9:Z
M69X#Z1W4&2%3Z#&&71L)V7^'9YE1<  ?<VBG?&':UK,L0'9?RPJTE#Y;+Q&G
MS4N$X12/UK5/ 9:J),I9@?ZX<D%N+I@ _4A,-M!?'R.&S- V.<7@G^%LEJ$

M6
2 F= 7P%\@_43W!7'E=!9

)]40)'&#:-8#5QG#GHI
M?D/.'F0W0'WI;T/3
:[B&26298D8ZH8(*)C#02^F0'-0IJ499-8N\ $X/D:Y


%E9

M7&S3W*H#IZD:5PZY.TO\/QB0#
%)& 70/R$5D!V1:VSB@:1R@(/0CM6-:K
G*:+Y?$=AE#
M8!4E$6S8'@^N

'OEN7



M);

M

(


MTZYQW;U:8E
K#@!8$.GA\L]?;;QOGBMYJ-Q3)2\62 '6S5*CPD_6%HC*UB%:


\Y0GY- C6<Q[QZ+1CE*M#&'G*^OB15XD;*K4$.
M=*-D'!#.;C.'K!7J\MJ4859%)XX64B)X=*?)O!/R-$2U \M3NAX
BV#G[

MKHC#H)

MD^$) + Y

-1:#6H1R8HZ1=BRBB83DX0
2@\E(@D\2
M6H'6!%0(H% H 9Z@AXAF


MJ8T'&
AH62

M]3KI.)X





MI1








5=U=$^^E<K5N@& ZMI

3KA$2@#(CDQ/*-YKXKI(U7LL=R*



U5V(Q6]8$W3M&M8/PGO
6!YJX;2JATZ

8C3%
ME #05BNE$F)V;#M7BEG ALE_K*5PS

MRL*
=N2&IEAAX[5&\*9W$X4K:\2J[(/5%=YI\_[0MG61J:X!$(I-%V
S

!/KV2_[
M;B



M4MZ



MQ'[BS\Z9-$


!
MEZWP*)_2=]G%R3[Q1NJ,XJSD+*<81R0\[=!R%2-;2,B_Y.5<Y4K\F](\A8Y








M&(XB =9/QY,,* PC4?C09SV^YTKLJ%QI)@V+:FA.DD\29QDF7P5](?Q[U)

_^N-. N,G6=Q+TLXD[@\'\78=J[9#4'X

DN :]FDK0'?YCS'LZ3TJ*Q^FF)7!A#IS&S9W<5PHB&'5J7
MV

/]58JUH


/UAJW
P*9D A%&S
M$9FPD3M:(66@[6'?8U$:N?[9E;U#NSJPCO]S@ $KA1$Q#J
6\)4YN P'

4B!0&\8


36DK:CQ/0 'JCU%:U%Q0*









MWQG0NO(7+#I*/A)+

XK$1
X%!U;J%L @Z.91EU8WQS3*U:R8



M@BNOK99& 5:MG #&Z[J@63QAX25N!6&W



M&Y!GI)$'1_N A7H_@0R/%G!?CZ($?
7-R$T

MBFZA??BP+#@\80_E(7Z)9U :6/'[^E'3=5]J7!A3:7#]C'+

M-Z\PCF:JTA2I)



-\VHC K&]:C7
).RFVHE






/*O%M]0M
M


K5^B- $(
;
@%9N$&K\2@[3,TCXSVER

MQ#_@

5 %G^C/-NI1*=DTC6[ZN: A\P!I=4(O5:(RU
M

O*!/

*W41

1[VLCA+!YV;]?/S7 %0EUIRP26%%*2W*:7[OTHD(MZX


HI3[0QV

ME
88JWHI=F]/12KM*BTLA(_ZL
E!YD3:O!N

-%A/*?N&35R

MOV61NJ;2S%MOO#4$;


WF3!TQN





 (Z[IF


MIJ*N9SKJFM%5XLF

+#

M%3=C12EHZ$NNK?2-.[EC#4AE[2(AT.YU8/?Z?ARCNMU5J.FG01-A;C*S1/


M-)?N6HTT]1%G1=.P\S

CU M
M\BY;-G;U_5V^^






VT(W!*8_S51TYZ&HT8E=![N^#:@SR/^;HCN%?:GG#

M[*;QAB8SSB[^J9L8@A[%ZBKF0D\&8VRJI
&.35@2G*
!=DEXH-7.I+^$II%J

M.CKB#8DD/O/
#EWO8=TDAPV1*7AKLT1&M'K/?K6DR9:=E86:!M7NEN.HV3

MQ#ZDC+.MR\=#2\=O6?Z^:G!H^QC$/H\\19!EC[J^D!YUCZH;&]1CN]VA\R25


GKOF4_TH&(F5N6$O=



MGULMU&]92
8JW@?4:\A(*0V!U*DXX!@((
X:@L8P=I]HOX/X& U-VO]](W@S



M:VA02R/@/=WP]OKF



M89CA -[ 0!_X=C1 /V:2=B?C;:M!YQPVAYU

M0H?
2_


#9!-VP\: WIJ
TZ3Z]A
2
MN



4K@N6
;#KK#

/(O3XR
MU
#IB=2
@H!QG#

@KY4K1$4F-_!\J'

MQ=&OTD:KA9ITFSQC!W*!N]C.!E*@9,146(@WB--*]/
1YU!OUN.NE(=TA*

NP.=F 2J#6D*2XL
MI87M((
UW!X#JCL] J+Q-1)9^.3LFX

M'(]'K6


M_E ;M.D\Q[NJ$WIC

MV4!MS19[

D+2AARP%QTCU;B,Y+\UA71(2QOF?@#



MR^+)4%KD8&5&-##!# @_5Q@/O5N@O7GXV%/AL=K$N


-V5JD

MUN#6U!X[!S'Y8%XL'N EKS;H445A7Q*7[UU;D)PY ^.S3MU!WOI5U'I@%=FP





DU?TFCEC)&\?0Y]L9;!F\=IE(=JVZ6T
MF,1GW5+1T=%/%2Z

J)U]RM


]P?Z*HPFH0[VT
P06 &H35C' +H'P_TDOP3]'



##%X?]M'_/9Y@
M_Z%)^+RM =Z\XA?1M4^2PBJ&*@SQX3@#39*!Y(PZ2O.JPWS/$5AR7_]GH


1DIQO!M-AAN.S*T




M8
?MH*-6RD562
59%JN\G'





M(AJM3
UZH$WY@RYO1(Z3PED$7.3UT[-MVA
O+P4L8HO38J:K+E:JFCN7IK:[

H.H/37(X'LM2XKM:C=



]V=R?5IDPL
:^/M! ;6@JU8D%F/$/+
 !DDG@





9S@2@R\565TO%U0RA\'G

(MDH30&ZU%ROM#S?7OH
MNW4YUPEDY1
5V%!%M;D D
Z?]%9+J[.H]JG&-!)
MXP*TK3D'P(%:NFN





6



!-E
M1\:.&




M5W;65@*UJ





MD6?DGF&E\1)IWF[&;?.\INWV=])Q8JDK2
L55I:$V








MW(=D;5@\KU?B_D0#4O!-*J5PAV#G=M(8E&D^=Z-+\YN
!_H2^GM4T .@5&YZ


:%E+^:S-]A^T](YA%8C_U&IY-;ZT6N
MCW^;5UQYZQ24OUR3KI6T8#DN* 057):B3=IZ=CN]LZ1CD6)W7EU7W,G]9[

MK53CAK1#

MZ:8:QV5S=FND
MFO





MS9BR6([%

MV!:I0[)(R;+_1QUIPTST\34Z4G:H:[%#;1KI=]O6;V?;LJ/OVD[10@3K\4TC
MD3F9WB)9?5./;@'P=?X,%3YU B'GZLE]?*[XF[/6-$M'F0 N0D)(U'H-:E


8!Q


M'$99!PN^3N@@5P,X.+MT %.@E3[WASU848VMO2TGY;$5%=#9&PVQ'C;L
MF3(?


MYXQOW/NJ:;@=9T)23;C)$(=T(


LH(@7N5=E-Z
M




\!A:9ZJ.: %G*

=
XX+P'R !ZV-K22H2
 +&.XG'=.RX'SO0IWFS0_5-VT[ 9K-
M:38%5[U-@.&^O(&QL;G$!C-


MV_0.U*2.G9T$$]U:S^[8W$&6VXN'()GC/1@2+NLQ'C%D9$E/8B$$^!GO5(+%
MYX'96P^J0(HC.]B@




G91UUVAG!5LC10 N3Y

MI5'GFEQJU?W!NC8Y


M-


0/=

MTQ]CF))G;/OD5.$A&ROYI
F2V([FVV]*V\#_K-OSY
VGG.MON5$[@B

MC7N O8
1']X8SJHWF?#1@0@$9SGF@YM@O\*$;UQG
)R@(18_9/X93C @A^RG


]
Y9W-CTS







0R#4&P.MDIC1MIYZUL7Z'*


ZENT:!/WU=V7#NH9WG(-7]F

U9/:




P?F\U;O::MP=&M8 F?U)NB:]QC3%4:GP;.\4R1


MPQ+1(
\H&[:'6J6FJ6ZC:0ZTV^#MAQ!^O@7X9](YF+JWN!!YT[CP%P8'AM+Q

,1((P8]K&)PMB6D2
M-^J$4[DC*V)EFGP$=TC\SFWA%!UHTIJLT6Y )C=TBA,<$=TDZ*#<W\(#;B
M^BX=8Q%9UCHVS:@J]G%YXPC?'@-
VF#HE:^1V:QH/.]TU@]:HM[3SL*IQ








M2YU$J#F62H93F?





M6NBP5]0CML;?BD*!MUG0W.'!UA

MN 8RU+?? P]PWWX-=BP_N/RO[WBGN^R!:\\\1RK'^WX[NQ




3
'@P9'ZYP\]



MR4?'W0HY^23AKJ;HYE5T\H4XZPX2Q3O423Z5\WD(2J?%73=*!Q1DW6NKEA0







KZ6'3WG7=SBJY=ENE?%5VDUYOT*VDKCL?


P<B@A9K\6D]D C



H(?6XE0+TW
M!B0P\M[J50




29E

EN'

!B3LE#*;*%C3'U7

T1IB/921Y7X=!6-2%LJ8+72$&=PY5AME+7@)
M=F)

!IA3

MA3+N]10*


25DH9[;0?_/V/PN=&).R4
YL(?H%&(_TG+)0SFPA
M&A./])RR4

MBSK16M-Q8

:


'N3+04X/


M   ( %$R65!U'BN_[P$  'TE   3    6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=+GAM;
W:
MRT[#



6T+VC5J++Q_\G\-_-P-I?4T=3Y5?6QV/%Z*=)^J@0T+#_F(-&R=BJJ]

M@^3@




              ( !M@(
M 'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE
2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     !0

M4$L! A0#%     @ 4#)94.)^

Q_!   =!
  !@              ( !M0P



M
RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     !0

4



&UL4$L! A0#%     @ 4#)94DN)):T 0  T@
  !D




EE0

M:&5E=#$Y+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( % R65#'88*VM@$  -(#   9


M  @ 4#)94*+^U
RS 0  T@

M:&5E='

2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     !0
EE0XTRA-[4!  #2 P

M 0(4 Q0    ( % R65!@XL])G@(  *P*   9                3=  !X




M+W-H965T





EE0@RY$
MD;

M=#
Q+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( %$R65#
4GP'M@$  -(#   9


M43)94

M='

RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     !1

4     !1,EE0.S0P76D  !I!P  &0              @ %X

W+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( %$R65!O

M965T





  -X.   9

M A0#%     @ 43)94/#G4;?[ 0   P4  !D              ( ![7$  'AL


BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     !1


4     !1,EE0VOWZ3:4!  ] P  &0


M2P$% ,4     !1





M%     @ 43)94&F63GY)!0  DQH  !D              ( !D9
  'AL+W=O







M970U-RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     !1
EE0%
&UL4$L! A0#%     @ 43)94)DR=D?_ 0  E 4  !D
M             ( !Z<  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='

YX;6Q02P$
M% 

  !D              ( !


RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     !1
EE0
&PO<VAA<F5D4W1R:6YG

EE0T8TWKTH  !^P  #0

4

O

EE0=1XKO^\!  !])0
M$P              @ 'S(P$ 6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=+GAM;%!+!08
..2 !( *H3   3)@$    !
end













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















424
637





886



































Amount of cash outflow from operating lease
 excluding payments to bring another asset to condition and location necessary for its intended use.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





























































Detail information of subsequent event by type. User is expected to use existing line items from elsewhere in the taxonomy as the primary line items for this disclosure
 which is further associated with dimension and member elements pertaining to a subsequent event.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019









&#8212;The Company maintains its cash balances in financial institutions that are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250
000 each. At times
 such balances may be in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. 
&#8212;In 2019
 2018
 and 2017
 net sales to one of our distributors which sells directly to three of our customers
 accounted for 17%
 16%
 and 18% of our net sales
In both 2019 and 2018 one customer accounted for more than 10% of our net sales
 while in 2017
 no customers accounted for 10% of our net sales. As of December 31
 2019
 one distributor and two customers accounted for 19%
 19% and 14% respectively
 of our accounts receivable. As of December 31
 2018
 one distributer and two customers accounted for 11%
 22% and 13%
 respectively
 of our account receivable.
&#8212;The Company purchased approximately 27% of its raw materials from one vendor during 2019
 approximately 17% of its raw materials from one vendor during 2018
 and approximately 24% of its raw materials from one vendor during 2017. 

 81% of its packaging material from three vendors during 2018
 and approximately 91% of its packaging material from three vendors during 2017. 








The entire disclosure for any concentrations existing at the date of the financial statements that make an entity vulnerable to a reasonably possible
 near-term
 severe impact. This disclosure informs financial statement users about the general nature of the risk associated with the concentration
 and may indicate the percentage of concentration risk as of the balance sheet date.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019





















































































 Mass and Club






550
436








506
192








412
005












311
618








731
270








947
482












862
054








237
462








359
487


















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019














































100
000




















390
692








276
552












576
214








401
762












399








567












673








733












550








913












187
885








681












126
515








343












132
928








050
551




























































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















723
951





768
626





763
787





802
007





297
218





355
589





761
279)





594
310





























































































Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due in next fiscal year following latest fiscal year.




























Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due in fourth fiscal year following latest fiscal year.




























Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due in third fiscal year following latest fiscal year.




























Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due in second fiscal year following latest fiscal year.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017











Operating lease
 renewal term








Operating lease
 existence of option to extend












045


349





100
000









100
000



























100
000



























































































































Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets
 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.

























































Term of lessee's operating lease renewal
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Term of lessee's operating lease
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































Amount of receivable related to a loss contingency accrual. For example
 an insurance recovery receivable.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017













626
069


831
214


































900
000



























184
072


184
072


































651
293

























Net operating loss carryforwards
 expiration year


























Net operating loss carryforwards
 expiration year




























135
355




951
283





















Net operating loss carryforwards
 expiration year


























Net operating loss carryforwards
 expiration year




























016
186


































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2019
Sep. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2019
Mar. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Sep. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2018
Mar. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
Sep. 30
 2017
Jun. 30
 2017
Mar. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017





































751
772


265
901


052
179


792
202


643
303


799
601


624
956


169
601


828
546


125
006


728
364


677
571


862
054


237
462


359
487





875
547


534
502


345
703)


317
269)


890
379


639


409
631)


409
926)


617
318


024


827
121)


740
471)


922)


885
537)


751
250)





633
451


067
164


661
349)


421
999)


757
418


165)


500
519)


520
937)


514
895


548)


652
162)


879
525)


382
735)


361
204)


262
341)





633
451


067
164


661
349)


421
999)


757
418


165)


500
519)


520
937)


514
895


548)


652
162)


879
525)


382
735)


361
204)


262
341)



































































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities; of income (loss) available to common shareholders.





















































































Amount
 excluding tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value added and excise.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















475
761





626
179





671
003





664
510





700
539





246
015





384
007
































































Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017











Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Granted


























Shares
 Outstanding Beginning Balance

793
981







Shares
 Granted

036







Shares
 Exercised

086)







Shares
 Forfeited

192)







Shares
 Expired








Shares
 Outstanding Ending Balance

359
990


793
981





Exercisable at end of period
 shares

012
194







Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Outstanding Beginning Balance








Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Granted








Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Exercised








Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Forfeited








Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Expired








Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Outstanding Ending Balance








Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Exercisable








Average Remaining Contractual Term
 Outstanding








Average Remaining Contractual Term
 Exercisable








Aggregate Intrinsic Value
 Outstanding

107
025







Aggregate Intrinsic Value
 Exercisable

240
528

























Shares
 Outstanding Beginning Balance

275
746







Shares
 Granted

803







Shares
 Exercised

477)







Shares
 Forfeited

253)







Shares
 Outstanding Ending Balance

372
819


275
746





Exercisable at end of period
 shares

488







Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Outstanding Beginning Balance








Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Granted








Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Exercised








Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Forfeited








Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Outstanding Ending Balance








Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Exercisable








Average Remaining Contractual Term
 Outstanding








Average Remaining Contractual Term
 Exercisable








Aggregate Intrinsic Value
 Outstanding

977
436







Aggregate Intrinsic Value
 Exercisable

550
157

























Shares
 Outstanding Beginning Balance

979







Shares
 Granted

187







Shares
 Issued Upon Vesting

401)







Shares
 Forfeited

356)







Shares
 Expired








Shares
 Outstanding Ending Balance

229


979





Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Unit
 Outstanding Beginning Balance








Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Unit
 Granted








Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Unit
 Issued Upon Vesting








Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Unit
 Forfeited








Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Unit
 Expired








Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Unit
 Outstanding Ending Balance






































































The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.

























































The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.

























































The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.




























The weighted average fair value as of grant date pertaining to an equity-based award plan other than a stock (or unit) option plan for which the grantee gained the right during the reporting period
 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.







































































































































































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.










































































































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable or convertible
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Net Loss Attributable to Common Stockholders - Schedule of Potentially Dilutive Securities Excluded from Determination of Diluted Loss per Share
 as Their Effect is Antidilutive (Details) - shares



Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017













770
485


284
177


746
935























500
156


018
050


559
532























847


591


150























482


536


253































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019











 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02 (Topic 842) Leases. Topic 842 supersedes the lease requirements in Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 840
 Leases. Under Topic 842

 the FASB issued ASU 2018-11
&#160;&#8220;Leases (ASC 842):&#160;Targeted Improvements
&#8221;


 2019 reflect the application of ASC 842
 while the comparative information has not been restated and continues to be reported under the related lease accounting standards in effect for those periods. The adoption of this update represents a change in accounting principle and resulted in the recognition of right-of-use (ROU) assets and operating lease liabilities. We elected the package of practical expedients
 which permits us not to reassess our prior conclusions about lease identification
 lease classification and initial direct costs incurred. We also elected the practical expedient to combine lease and non-lease components when determining the ROU asset and lease liability
 as well as the practical expedient to exclude leases with an initial term of 12 months or less. The primary effect of 



 primarily for office and warehouse space
 as well as office equipment. 




 (2) lease term and (3) lease payments.









ASC 842 requires a lessee to discount its unpaid lease payments using the interest rate implicit in the lease or
 if that rate cannot be readily determined
 its incremental borrowing rate. Generally
 the Company cannot determine the interest rate implicit in the lease because it does not have access to the lessor&#8217;s estimated residual value or the amount of the lessor&#8217;s deferred initial direct costs. Therefore
 at the date of adoption
 we used our incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at January 1
 2019.



















Certain arrangements have free rent periods or escalating rent payment provisions. We recognize rent expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term
 including any periods of free rent


 which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for lease payments made at or before the lease commencement date
 plus any initial direct costs incurred less any lease incentives received.&#160;&#160;


 plus initial direct costs
 plus (minus) any prepaid (accrued) lease payments
 less the unamortized balance of lease incentives received. Lease expense for lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.


 Property
 Plant
 and Equipment &#8211; Overall&#8221;
 to determine whether a ROU asset is impaired
 and if so
 the amount of the impairment loss to recognize. 


 a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the corresponding ROU asset unless doing so would reduce the carrying amount of the ROU asset to an amount less than zero.




In 2016
 the FASB issued guidance that changes the impairment model used to measure credit losses for most financial assets. For our trade
 certain other receivables and certain other financial instruments
 we will be required to use a new forward-looking expected credit loss model that will replace the existing incurred credit loss model
 which would generally result in earlier recognition of allowances for credit losses. We will adopt the guidance when it becomes effective in the first quarter of 2020. We are currently evaluating the impact of this guidance and do not expect it will have a material impact on our financial statements or disclosures.





































The entire disclosure of changes in accounting principles
 including adoption of new accounting pronouncements
 that describes the new methods
 amount and effects on financial statement line items.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017













862
054


237
462


359
487





664
713


247
223


943
569





197
341


990
239


415
918



SELLING
 GENERAL
 AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES

450
263


875
776


167
168





922)


885
537)


751
250)












Other Income/(Expenses)
 net

079


337)


404)





741)


234)


492)



Other Income/(Expenses)
 Total

662)


571)


435
896)





238
584)


284
108)


187
146)





151


096


195





382
735)


361
204)


262
341)














560)


739)


129





560)


739)


129





430
295)


468
943)


186
212)









































950
117


329
170


487
239





950
117


329
170


487
239







Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income
 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d))


















































































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations
 including income (loss) from equity method investments
 before deduction of income tax expense (benefit)
 and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.


















































































































Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities; of income (loss) available to common shareholders.




























The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).





















































































Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
 -Subparagraph (b
c)




















































































Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.




























Amount
 excluding tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value added and excise.




























The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.




























The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
























































Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019


















































100
000




















390
692








276
552












576
214








401
762












399








567












673








733












550








913












187
885








681












126
515








343












132
928








050
551






















The entire disclosure for accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 and other liabilities that are classified as current at the end of the reporting period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019











 2019
 2018
 and 2017 was approximately $7
833
707
 $6
807
620
 and $4
438
181
 respectively. Cost of goods sold for the years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018
 and 2017 included share-based compensation of approximately $922
036
 $859
133
 and $243
063
 respectively. Selling
 general
 and administrative expense for the year ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018
 and 2017 included share-based compensation of approximately $6
911
671
 $5
948
487
 and $4
195
118
 respectively. Capital expenditures recorded for the Freshpet Kitchens expansion project included share-based compensation of approximately $220
847 and $163
850 during the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively. 
&#8212;In December 2010
 the Company approved the 2010 Stock Plan (the &#8220;2010 Plan&#8221;) under which options to purchase approximately 2
146
320 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock were granted to employees and affiliates of the Company (in 2012
 the 2010 Plan was amended to allow for option to purchase approximately 2
220
280 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock). These options are either time-based (vest over four years)
 performance-based (vest when performance targets are met
 as defined in the stock option grant agreement)
 or vest at the occurrence of an exit event which is defined as a Change of Control in the Company
 as defined in the stock grant agreement. 

&#8212;In November 2014
 the Company approved the 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the &#8220;2014 Plan&#8221;) under which 1
479
200 shares of common stock may be issued or used for reference purposes as awards granted under the 2014 Plan. In September 2016
 the 2014 Plan was amended to allow for the granting of an additional 2
500
000 shares of common stock to be issued or used for reference purposes as awards granted
 for a total of 3
979
200 shares. These awards may be in the form of stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock
 as well as other share-based and cash-based awards. As of December 31
 2019
 the awards granted were either time-based (cliff vest over three years)
 performance-based (vest when performance targets are met
 as defined in the stock option grant agreement)
 or restricted stock units (employee RSUs cliff vest over three years and non-employee director RSUs cliff vest over one year).

 2019
 there were 1
462
153 shares of common stock available to be issued or used for reference purposes under the 2014 Plan. 
&#8212;During the year ended December 31
 2016
 500
000 service period stock options and 500
000 performance-based stock options were granted to the Company&#8217;s CEO as an inducement under the NASDAQ Marketplace Rules. Under the terms of the agreement
 the grant is governed as if issued under the 2014 Omnibus Plan. As of December 31
 2016
 the awards granted were time-based (cliff vest over four years) and performance-based (vest when performance targets are met
 as defined in the stock option grant agreement).
A summary of service period stock options outstanding and changes under the plans during the year ended December&#160;31
 2019 is presented below: 


































 2018






793
981




































036




































086




































192


































































 2019






359
990
























107
025






 2019






012
194
























240
528






 2019 were in-the-money
 which account for the entire aggregate intrinsic value. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018
 and 2017 were $18
367
756
 $7
315
845
 and $8
081
050
 respectively.

 2019
 and changes during the year ended December&#160;31
 2019
 is presented below:





















 2018






043




















036




















342




















192


































 2019






796


































 2019
 there was $1
817
408 of total unrecognized compensation costs related to non-vested service period options
 of which $1
207
808 will be incurred in 2020
 $397
183 will be incurred in 2021
 and the remaining $212
417 will be incurred in 2022.
Performance based option vesting is contingent upon the Company achieving certain annual or cumulative revenue or Adjusted EBITDA goals. A summary of performance-based stock options outstanding and changes under the plans during the year ended December&#160;31
 2019 is presented below:

































 2018






275
746




































803




































477




































253






























 2019






372
819
























977
436






 2019






488
























550
157







 2019
 and changes during the year ended December&#160;31
 2019
 is presented below: 





















 2018






223
210




















803




















399




















253














 2019






338
361


































 2019
 unrecognized compensation costs related to the 1
303
367 performance-based awards for which the achievement of the vesting criteria is considered probable as of December 31
 2019 have performance target dates ranging from December 31
 2020 through December 31
 2022. The total unrecognized compensation costs for these performance-based awards was $6
973
926 as of December 31
 2019
 of which $3
576
666 will be incurred in 2020
 and the remaining $2
152
473 will be incurred in 2021. 


 2019
 there were 35
000 unvested performance-based options outstanding that were deemed not probable
 with an aggregate fair value of $0.2 million.

The following table includes activity related to outstanding restricted stock units during the twelve months ended December 31
 2019.





















 2018






979




















187




















401




















356


































 2019






229


































 2019
 there was approximately $4
364
767 of total unrecognized compensation costs related to restricted stock units
 of which $2
499
726 will be incurred in 2020
 $1
506
165 will be incurred in 2021
 and $358
876 will be incurred in 2022.
&#8212;The weighted average grant date fair value of options (service period options and performance based options) granted during the years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018
 and 2017 were $24.24
 $14.27 and $6.06&#160;per share
 respectively.

&#8212;The Company determined the expected term based on the &#8220;shortcut method&#8221; described in FASB ASC 718
 Compensation&#8212;

&#8212;The Company has not historically declared dividends
 and no future dividends are expected to be available to benefit option holders. Accordingly
 the Company used an expected dividend yield of zero in the valuation model. 















































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017




















State taxes
 net of federal



































































































































































































































































Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit)
 net of federal tax expense (benefit).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018











453
498


784
233





419
155


138
091





842
359


442
338





715
012


364
662





743)


430)





542
269


317
232



































Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of completed merchandise or goods expected to be sold within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Gross amount
 as of the balance sheet date
 of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of merchandise or goods in the production process expected to be completed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(3)
(4))








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019






Schedule of Potentially Dilutive Securities Excluded from Determination of Diluted Loss per Share
 as Their Effect is Antidilutive


 as their effect is antidilutive
 are as follows: 























































500
156








018
050








559
532












847








591








150












482








536








253












770
485








284
177








746
935








































Tabular disclosure of securities (including those issuable pursuant to contingent stock agreements) that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share (EPS) in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS because to do so would increase EPS amounts or decrease loss per share amounts for the period presented
 by antidilutive securities.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019











 the Company&#8217;s borrowings under the new credit facilities increased by an additional $13.9 million as of February 24
 2020.
Based upon further evaluation
 the Company did not identify any additional recognized or unrecognized subsequent events that have required adjustment or disclosure in the financial statements.



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Property
 Plant and Equipment (Tables)


Dec. 31
 2019






Summary of Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net







































568
137








567
389












274
118








800
479






 Land
 and Improvements






621
495








606
013












931
703








884
945












241








770












137








496












587
375








769
268












687
206








341
360












399
609








247
112












287
597








094
248



























































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.




































/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Jun. 10
 2019
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017















294
653



































505
960


000


069
618






































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















605
524



































Amount of single lease cost
 calculated by allocation of remaining cost of lease over remaining lease term. Includes
 but is not limited to
 single lease cost
 after impairment of right-of-use asset
 calculated by amortization of remaining right-of-use asset and accretion of lease liability.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018













100
000








390
692


276
552






576
214


401
762






399


567






673


733






550


913






187
885


681






126
515


343






132
928


050
551
































































































































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for the marketing
 trade and selling of the entity's goods and services.   Marketing costs would include expenditures for planning and executing the conception
 pricing
 promotion
 and distribution of ideas
 goods
 and services; costs of public relations and corporate promotions; and obligations incurred and payable for sales discounts
 rebates
 price protection programs
 etc. offered to customers and under government programs. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Amount of obligation to transfer good or service to customer for which consideration has been received or is receivable
 classified as current.




























Total of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for obligations related to services received from employees
 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017













382
735)


361
204)


262
341)














011


222)


348





028


159


716





833
707


807
620


438
181





897


295


898





921
695


068
037


692
355





865


103


534














019
049)


040


852
079)





337
934)


867


007
557)





969
200)


012


427)





841









788


533)


135)





777
443


237


682
094





082
377


531
203


988
209





185)


419)


839





316
549


575
195


270
263












Acquisitions of property
 plant and equipment
 software and deposits on equipment

632
830)


274
036)


003
756)





632
830)


274
036)


003
756)


















885)





460
445


325
196


280
460





294
658)


226)







291
099


000
000


500
000





500
000)


000
000)


500
000)





317)









233
569


068
970


009
575





917
288


370
129


723
918)



CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
 BEGINNING OF YEAR

554
388


184
259


908
177



CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
 END OF PERIOD

471
676


554
388


184
259














642


273


885





688


419


280












Property
 plant and equipment purchases in accounts payable

574
515


641


006
178



Non-cash acquisitions of property
 plant and equipment

749
901













019

















































































































































































































Amount of cash and cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including
 but not limited to
 disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; excluding effect from exchange rate change. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























The current period expense charged against earnings on long-lived
 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.




























Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 excluding oil and gas property and timber property.




























The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.



















































































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.





















































































Amount of increase (decrease) in prepaid expenses
 and assets classified as other.




























Amount of cash paid for interest
 excluding capitalized interest
 classified as operating activity. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.




























Amount of loss from reductions in inventory due to subsequent measurement adjustments
 including
 but not limited to
 physical deterioration
 obsolescence
 or changes in price levels.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.

















































































































The cash outflow paid to third parties in connection with debt origination
 which will be amortized over the remaining maturity period of the associated long-term debt.






















































































The cash outflow for purchases of and capital improvements on property
 plant and equipment (capital expenditures)
 software
 and other intangible assets.




























Amount of cash inflow from contractual arrangement with the lender
 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.

























































The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.




























Amount of cash outflow for payment of an obligation from a lender
 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018













471
676


554
388



Accounts receivable
 net of allowance for doubtful accounts


580
840


326
703



Inventories
 net


542
269


317
232






275
992


078
232






452
990


550






323
767


958
105



Property
 plant and equipment
 net


287
597


094
248






600
931


730
176






154
234








759
058


182
329






125
587


964
858














667
729


166
412






132
928


050
551






185
058








985
715


216
963






466
099








409
252










420






861
066


490
383











Common stock &#8212; voting
 $0.001 par value
 200
000
000 shares authorized
 36
162
433 issued and 36
148
264 outstanding on December 31
 2019
 and 35
556
595 issued and 35
542
426 outstanding on December 31
 2018


162


556






299
172


079
437






735
417)


352
682)






170)


610)



Treasury stock
 at cost &#8212; 14
169 shares on December 31
 2019 and on December 31
 2018


226)


226)






264
521


474
475






125
587


964
858












Deposits that are made on property
 plant and equipment
 net.

























































Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of right to consideration from customer for product sold and service rendered in normal course of business
 classified as current.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.




























Value received from shareholders in common stock-related transactions that are in excess of par value or stated value and amounts received from other stock-related transactions. Includes only common stock transactions (excludes preferred stock transactions). May be called contributed capital
 capital in excess of par
 capital surplus
 or paid-in capital.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs of long-term debt classified as noncurrent and excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as current.




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as noncurrent.



















































































































Amount of liabilities classified as other
 due after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2017











117





Warrant issued to purchase shares of voting common stock
 per share

















019







628




































Number of securities into which the class of warrant or right may be converted. For example
 but not limited to
 500
000 warrants may be converted into 1
000
000 shares.




























The expiration
 mandatory redemption
 or due date
 month and year (YYYY-MM)
 of the financial instrument issued in exchange for the original debt being converted in a noncash (or part noncash) transaction. Part noncash refers to that portion of the transaction not resulting in cash receipts or cash payments in the period.































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017





























Risk-free interest rate
 minimum








Risk-free interest rate
 maximum


























































































































The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.













































































































































































Expected term of award under share-based payment arrangement
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.





























































































  xmlns=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance
  xmlns:dei=http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
  xmlns:frpt=http://www.freshpet.com/20191231
  xmlns:iso4217=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217
  xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
  xmlns:srt=http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
  xmlns:stpr=http://xbrl.sec.gov/stpr/2018-01-31
  xmlns:us-gaap=http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
  xmlns:xbrldi=http://xbrl.org/2006/xbrldi




            


            
            




            


            




            


            




            


            




            


            




            


            
            




            


            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            


            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            


            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            


            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            


            
            




            


            
            




            


            
            




            


            
            




            


            
            




            


            
            




            


            
            




            


            
            




            


            
            




            


            
            




            


            
            




            


            
            




            

                
                



            
            



        


        




                


                




        


        


        


        


        

    
    
    
    
    
    

      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000362

    
    

      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000362_2

    

      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapEmployeeStockOptionMember_20190101_20191231


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapEmployeeStockOptionMember_20190101_20191231


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_frptPerformanceBasedOptionsMember_20190101_20191231


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_frptPerformanceBasedOptionsMember_20190101_20191231


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtRangeAxis_srtMinimumMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=3
      id=F_000698


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtRangeAxis_srtMaximumMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=3
      id=F_000699


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtRangeAxis_srtMinimumMember_20180101_20181231
      decimals=3
      id=F_000700


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtRangeAxis_srtMaximumMember_20180101_20181231
      decimals=3
      id=F_000701


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtRangeAxis_srtMinimumMember_20170101_20171231
      decimals=3
      id=F_000702


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtRangeAxis_srtMaximumMember_20170101_20171231
      decimals=3
      id=F_000703


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtRangeAxis_srtMinimumMember_20190101_20191231


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtRangeAxis_srtMaximumMember_20190101_20191231


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtRangeAxis_srtMinimumMember_20180101_20181231


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtRangeAxis_srtMaximumMember_20180101_20181231


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtRangeAxis_srtMinimumMember_20170101_20171231


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtRangeAxis_srtMaximumMember_20170101_20171231


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=4
      id=F_000711


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=4
      id=F_000712


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=4
      id=F_000713


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=4
      id=F_000714

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190630
      decimals=-8
      id=F_000017


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20200220
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000016


&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:4pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Documents Incorporated By Reference &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:4pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The information required by Items 10
 11
 12
 13


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000033


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000034


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000035


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000036


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000037


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000038


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000039


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000040


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000041


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000042


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000043


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000044


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000045


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000046


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000047


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000048


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000049


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000050


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000051


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000052


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000053


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000054


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000055


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000056


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000057


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000058


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000059


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000060


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000061


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000062


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000063


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000064


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000065


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000080


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000081


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000082


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000083


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000084


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000086


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000085


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000087


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000066


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000067


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000068


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000069


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000070


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000071


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000072


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000073


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000088


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000089


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000074


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000075


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000076


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000077


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000078


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000079


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000090


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000091


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000092


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000093


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000094


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000095


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000096


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000097


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000098


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000099


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000100


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000101


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000102


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000103


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000104


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000105


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000106


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000107


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000108


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000109


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000110


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000111


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000112


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000113


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000114


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000115


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000116


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000117


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000118


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000119


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000120


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000121


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000122


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000123


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000124


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000125


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000126


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000127


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000128


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000129


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000130


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000131


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000132


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000133


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000134


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000135


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000136


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000137


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000138


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000139


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000140


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000141


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000142


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000143


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapCommonStockMember_20161231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000144


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapCommonStockMember_20161231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000145


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapAdditionalPaidInCapitalMember_20161231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000146


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapRetainedEarningsMember_20161231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000147


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20161231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000148


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapCommonStockMember_20170101_20171231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000149


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapCommonStockMember_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000150


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapAdditionalPaidInCapitalMember_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000151


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000152


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapCommonStockMember_20170101_20171231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000153


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapCommonStockMember_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000154


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapAdditionalPaidInCapitalMember_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000155


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapCommonStockMember_20170101_20171231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000156


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapCommonStockMember_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000157


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapAdditionalPaidInCapitalMember_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000158


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000159


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapAdditionalPaidInCapitalMember_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000160


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000161


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000162


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000163


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapRetainedEarningsMember_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000164


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000165


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapCommonStockMember_20171231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000166


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapCommonStockMember_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000167


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapAdditionalPaidInCapitalMember_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000168


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapRetainedEarningsMember_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000169


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000170


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000171


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapCommonStockMember_20180101_20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000172


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapCommonStockMember_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000173


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapAdditionalPaidInCapitalMember_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000174


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000175


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapCommonStockMember_20180101_20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000176


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapCommonStockMember_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000177


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapAdditionalPaidInCapitalMember_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000178


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapTreasuryStockMember_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000179


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000180


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapAdditionalPaidInCapitalMember_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000181


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000182


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000183


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000184


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapRetainedEarningsMember_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000185


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000186


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapCommonStockMember_20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000187


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapCommonStockMember_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000188


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapAdditionalPaidInCapitalMember_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000189


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapRetainedEarningsMember_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000190


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000191


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapTreasuryStockMember_20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000192


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapTreasuryStockMember_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000193


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000194


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapCommonStockMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000195


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapCommonStockMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000196


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapAdditionalPaidInCapitalMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000197


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000198


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapCommonStockMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000199


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapCommonStockMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000200


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapAdditionalPaidInCapitalMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000201


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000202


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapAdditionalPaidInCapitalMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000203


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000204


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000205


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000206


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapRetainedEarningsMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000207


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000208


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapCommonStockMember_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000209


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapCommonStockMember_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000210


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapAdditionalPaidInCapitalMember_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000211


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapRetainedEarningsMember_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000212


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000213


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapTreasuryStockMember_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000214


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis_us-gaapTreasuryStockMember_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000215


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000216


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000217


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000218


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000219


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000220


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000221


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000222


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000223


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000224


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000225


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000226


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000227


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000228


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000229


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000230


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000231


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000232


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000233


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000234


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000235


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000236


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000237


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000238


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000239


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000240


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000241


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000242


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000243


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000244


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000245


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000246


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000247


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000248


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000249


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000250


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000251


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000252


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000253


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000254


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000255


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000256


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000257


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000258


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000259


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000260


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000261


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000262


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000263


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000264


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000265


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000266


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000267


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000268


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000269


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000270


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000271


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000272


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000273


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000274


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000275


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000276


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000277


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000278


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000279


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000280


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000281


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000282


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000283


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000284


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000285


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000286


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000287


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000288


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000289


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20161231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000290


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000291


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000292


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000293


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000294


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000295


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000296


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000297


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000298


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000299


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000300


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000301


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000302


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000303


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000304


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Note 1 &#x2013; Nature of the Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Nature of the Business&lt;span style=font-weight:normal;&gt; &#x2013; Freshpet
 Inc. (hereafter referred to as &#x201c;Freshpet&#x201d; or the &#x201c;Company&#x201d;)
 a Delaware corporation
 manufactures and markets natural fresh
 refrigerated meals and treats for dogs and cats. The Company&#x2019;s products are distributed throughout the United States and other international markets into major retail classes including Grocery and Mass (which includes club)
 and Online
 as well as Pet Specialty
 and Natural retail. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Basis of Presentation &lt;span style=font-weight:normal;&gt;&#x2013;&lt;/span&gt; &lt;span style=font-weight:normal;&gt;The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. (&#x201c;U.S. GAAP&#x201d;).&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Principles of Consolidation&lt;span style=font-weight:normal;&gt; &#x2013; The financial statements include the accounts of the Company as well as the Company&#x2019;s wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Segments&lt;span style=font-weight:normal;&gt; &#x2013; The Company operates as a &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:F_000362_2&gt;single&lt;/span&gt; operating segment reporting to its chief operating decision maker. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Estimates and Uncertainties&lt;span style=font-weight:normal;&gt; &#x2013; The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-weight:normal;&gt;Estimates are used in determining
 among other items
 trade incentives
 share-based compensation and useful lives for long-lived assets.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=font-weight:normal;&gt; Actual results
 as determined at a later date
 could differ from those estimates. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;span style=font-weight:normal;&gt; &#x2013; The Company at times considers money market funds and all other highly liquid debt instruments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Accounts Receivable&lt;span style=font-weight:normal;&gt; &#x2013; The Company records trade accounts receivable at net realizable value. This value includes an appropriate allowance for estimated uncollectible accounts. On a periodic basis
 the Company evaluates its accounts receivable and establishes an allowance for doubtful accounts based on its history of write-offs and collections and current credit conditions. Accounts receivable are written off when management deems them to be uncollectible. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Inventories&lt;span style=font-weight:normal;&gt; &#x2013; Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market
 using the first-in
 first-out method. When necessary
 the Company provides allowances to adjust the carrying value of its inventories to the lower of cost or net realizable value
 including any costs to sell or dispose and consideration for obsolescence
 excessive inventory levels
 product deterioration and other factors in evaluating net realizable value. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment&lt;span style=font-weight:normal;&gt; &#x2013; Property
 plant and equipment are recorded at cost. The Company provides for depreciation on the straight-line method by charges to income at rates based upon estimated recovery periods of 7 years for furniture and office equipment
 5 years for automotive equipment
 9 years for refrigeration equipment
 5 to 10 years for machinery and equipment
 and 15 to 39 years for building and improvements. Capitalized cost includes the costs incurred to bring the property
 plant and equipment to the condition and location necessary for its intended use
 which includes any necessary delivery
 electrical and installation cost for equipment. Maintenance and repairs that do not extend the useful life of the assets over two years are charged to expense as incurred. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the term of the related lease or the estimated useful lives on the straight-line method.&lt;/span&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Long-Lived Assets&lt;span style=font-weight:normal;&gt; &#x2013; The Company evaluates all long-lived assets for impairment. Long-lived assets are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to estimated undiscounted future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated undiscounted future net cash flows
 an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. Recoverability of assets held for sale is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset or asset group to their fair value less estimated costs to sell. Estimating future cash flows and calculating fair value of assets requires significant estimates and assumptions by management. If the carrying amount is not fully recoverable
 an impairment loss is recognized to reduce the carry amount to fair value and is charged to expense in the period of impairment. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Income Taxes &lt;span style=font-weight:normal;&gt;&#x2013; The Company provides for deferred income taxes for temporary differences between financial and income tax reporting
 principally net operating loss carryforwards
 depreciation
 and share-based compensation. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;A valuation allowance is appropriate when management believes it is more likely than not
 the deferred tax asset will not be realized. At December&#160;31
 2019
 and 2018
 the Company determined that a valuation allowance of 100% is appropriate. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Treasury Stock&lt;span style=font-weight:normal;&gt;&#160;&#x2013; The Company may purchase or withhold shares of stock to satisfy statutory employee tax obligations upon the issuance of restricted stock units to employees. Such repurchased or withheld shares are treated as treasury stock and carried at cost on the Consolidated Balance Sheet in Stockholders&#x2019; equity. During the twelve months ended December 31
 2018
 the Company accumulated $0.3 million of treasury stock related to employee tax withholdings.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Revenue Recognition and Incentives &lt;span style=font-weight:normal;&gt;&#x2013;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-weight:normal;&gt; Revenues primarily consist of the sale of pet food products that are sold to retailers through broker and distributor arrangements. These revenue contracts generally have single performance obligations. Revenue
 which includes shipping and handling charges billed to the customer
 is reported net of applicable trade incentives and allowances. Amounts billed and due from our customers are classified as receivables and require payment on a short-term basis and
 therefore
 we do not have any significant financing components.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Revenue from product sales is recognized when obligations under the terms of the contract with the customer are satisfied
 which occurs once control is transferred upon delivery to the customer. R&lt;span style=Background-color:#FFFFFF;&gt;evenue is measured as the amount of consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for transferring goods.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=font-family:inherit;&gt; &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&lt;span style=Background-color:#FFFFFF;&gt;The amount of consideration the Company receives and revenue the Company recognizes varies with changes in trade incentives the Company offers to its customers and their consumers.&#160;&lt;/span&gt;Trade incentives consists primarily of customer pricing allowances and merchandising funds
 and consumer coupons are offered through various programs to customers and consumers. Estimates of trade promotion expense and coupon redemption costs are based upon programs offered
 timing of those offers
 estimated redemption/usage rates from historical performance
 management&#x2019;s experience and current economic trends.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&lt;span style=Background-color:#FFFFFF;&gt;S&lt;/span&gt;ales taxes and other similar taxes are excluded from revenue. Costs associated with shipping and handling activities
 such as merchandising
 are included in SG&amp;amp;A expenses as revenue is recognized.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;There were no contract assets as of December 31
 2019 and 2018.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Information about the Company&#x2019;s net sales by class of retailer is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin:auto;border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:47.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:11pt;font-family:Calibri;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.5%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.5%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.5%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:47.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.5%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=10 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:49.86%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Twelve Months Ended&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:47.6%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.5%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=10 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:49.86%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;December 31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:47.6%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.5%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.94%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.5%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.94%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.5%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.94%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:47.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Grocery (including Online)
 Mass and Club&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.5%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.94%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;206
550
436&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.5%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.94%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;158
506
192&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.5%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.94%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;123
412
005&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:47.6%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Pet Specialty and Natural&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.5%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.94%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;39
311
618&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.5%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.94%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;34
731
270&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.5%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.94%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;28
947
482&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:47.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net Sales&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.5%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.94%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;245
862
054&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.5%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.94%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;193
237
462&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.5%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.94%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;152
359
487&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:1pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Advertising&lt;span style=font-weight:normal;&gt; &#x2013; Advertising costs are expensed when incurred
 with the exception of production costs which are expensed the first time advertising takes place. Advertising costs
 consisting primarily of media ads
 were $34
260
620
 $29
436
157
 and $22
127
170
 in 2019
 2018
 and 2017
 respectively. As of December 31
 2019
 and 2018 we had $594
000 and $255
749
 respectively
 of production cost in prepaid expense
 representing advertising that had yet to take place.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:11pt;font-family:Calibri;font-weight:normal;&gt; &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Shipping and Handling Costs/Freight Out&lt;span style=font-weight:normal;&gt; &#x2013; Costs incurred for shipping and handling are included in selling
 general
 and administrative expenses within the statement of operations and comprehensive loss. Shipping and handling costs primarily consist of costs associated with moving finished products to customers
 including costs associated with our distribution center and the cost of shipping products to customers through third-party carriers. Shipping and handling cost totaled $19
820
836
 $15
886
195
 and $12
892
928 for the years ended December 31
 2019
 2018
 and 2017
 respectively.&lt;/span&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Research&#160;&amp;amp; Development &lt;span style=font-weight:normal;&gt;&#x2013;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=font-style:italic;font-weight:normal;&gt; &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=font-weight:normal;&gt;Research and development costs consist of expenses to develop and test new products.&#160;&#160;The costs are expensed as incurred. Research and development costs totaled $1
157
058
 $486
797 and $284
574 for the years ended December 31
 2019
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Share-based Compensation&lt;span style=font-weight:normal;&gt; &#x2013; The Company recognizes share-based compensation based on the value of the portion of share-based payment awards that is ultimately expected to vest during the period. The Company estimates grant date fair value of its options using the Black-Scholes Merton option-pricing model. Share awards are amortized under the straight-line method over the requisite service period of the entire award. The Company accounts for forfeitures as they occur.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;span style=font-weight:normal;&gt; &#x2013; Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#x201c;FASB&#x201d;) guidance specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based on whether the inputs to those valuation techniques are observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources
 while unobservable inputs reflect market assumptions. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurement) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurement). &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are as follows: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div style=align:left;&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width:2.27%;white-space:nowrap valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width:2.27%;white-space:nowrap valign=top&gt;

&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-family:Arial;&gt;Level 1 &#x2013; Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity has the ability to access at the measurement date. Level 1 primarily consists of financial instruments whose value is based on quoted market prices such as exchange-traded instruments and listed equities. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=align:left;&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width:2.27%;white-space:nowrap valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width:2.27%;white-space:nowrap valign=top&gt;

&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-family:Arial;&gt;Level 2 &#x2013; Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly (e.g.
 quoted prices of similar assets or liabilities in active markets
 or quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active). Level 2 includes financial instruments that are valued using models or other valuation methodologies. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=align:left;&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width:2.27%;white-space:nowrap valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width:2.27%;white-space:nowrap valign=top&gt;

&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-family:Arial;&gt;Level 3 &#x2013; Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. Financial instruments are considered Level 3 when their fair values are determined using pricing models
 discounted cash flows or similar techniques and at least one significant model assumption or input is unobservable. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The carrying amounts reported in the balance sheets for cash and cash equivalents
 other receivables
 accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate their fair value based on the short-term maturity of these instruments. The warrant liability is recorded at fair value with changes in fair value reflected in the statement of operations and comprehensive loss. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;As of December&#160;31
 2019
 the Company only maintained Level 1 assets and liabilities.&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Nature of the Business&lt;span style=font-weight:normal;&gt; &#x2013; Freshpet
 Inc. (hereafter referred to as &#x201c;Freshpet&#x201d; or the &#x201c;Company&#x201d;)
 a Delaware corporation
 manufactures and markets natural fresh
 refrigerated meals and treats for dogs and cats. The Company&#x2019;s products are distributed throughout the United States and other international markets into major retail classes including Grocery and Mass (which includes club)
 and Online
 as well as Pet Specialty








&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Estimates and Uncertainties&lt;span style=font-weight:normal;&gt; &#x2013; The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-weight:normal;&gt;Estimates are used in determining
 among other items
 trade incentives
 share-based compensation and useful lives for long-lived assets.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=font-weight:normal;&gt; Actual results
 as determined at a later date




&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Accounts Receivable&lt;span style=font-weight:normal;&gt; &#x2013; The Company records trade accounts receivable at net realizable value. This value includes an appropriate allowance for estimated uncollectible accounts. On a periodic basis


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Inventories&lt;span style=font-weight:normal;&gt; &#x2013; Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market
 using the first-in
 first-out method. When necessary
 the Company provides allowances to adjust the carrying value of its inventories to the lower of cost or net realizable value
 including any costs to sell or dispose and consideration for obsolescence
 excessive inventory levels


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment&lt;span style=font-weight:normal;&gt; &#x2013; Property
 plant and equipment are recorded at cost. The Company provides for depreciation on the straight-line method by charges to income at rates based upon estimated recovery periods of 7 years for furniture and office equipment
 5 years for automotive equipment
 9 years for refrigeration equipment
 5 to 10 years for machinery and equipment
 and 15 to 39 years for building and improvements. Capitalized cost includes the costs incurred to bring the property
 plant and equipment to the condition and location necessary for its intended use
 which includes any necessary delivery

    

      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapPropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis_us-gaapFurnitureAndFixturesMember_20190101_20191231


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapPropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis_us-gaapTransportationEquipmentMember_20190101_20191231


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapPropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis_frptRefrigerationEquipmentMember_20190101_20191231


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtRangeAxis_srtMinimumMember_us-gaapPropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis_us-gaapMachineryAndEquipmentMember_20190101_20191231


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtRangeAxis_srtMaximumMember_us-gaapPropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis_us-gaapMachineryAndEquipmentMember_20190101_20191231


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtRangeAxis_srtMinimumMember_us-gaapPropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis_us-gaapBuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember_20190101_20191231


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtRangeAxis_srtMaximumMember_us-gaapPropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis_us-gaapBuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember_20190101_20191231


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Long-Lived Assets&lt;span style=font-weight:normal;&gt; &#x2013; The Company evaluates all long-lived assets for impairment. Long-lived assets are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to estimated undiscounted future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated undiscounted future net cash flows
 an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. Recoverability of assets held for sale is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset or asset group to their fair value less estimated costs to sell. Estimating future cash flows and calculating fair value of assets requires significant estimates and assumptions by management. If the carrying amount is not fully recoverable


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Income Taxes &lt;span style=font-weight:normal;&gt;&#x2013; The Company provides for deferred income taxes for temporary differences between financial and income tax reporting
 principally net operating loss carryforwards
 depreciation
 and share-based compensation. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;A valuation allowance is appropriate when management believes it is more likely than not
 the deferred tax asset will not be realized. At December&#160;31
 2019
 and 2018


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000372


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000371


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Treasury Stock&lt;span style=font-weight:normal;&gt;&#160;&#x2013; The Company may purchase or withhold shares of stock to satisfy statutory employee tax obligations upon the issuance of restricted stock units to employees. Such repurchased or withheld shares are treated as treasury stock and carried at cost on the Consolidated Balance Sheet in Stockholders&#x2019; equity. During the twelve months ended December 31
 2018


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=-5
      id=F_000373


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Revenue Recognition and Incentives &lt;span style=font-weight:normal;&gt;&#x2013;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-weight:normal;&gt; Revenues primarily consist of the sale of pet food products that are sold to retailers through broker and distributor arrangements. These revenue contracts generally have single performance obligations. Revenue
 which includes shipping and handling charges billed to the customer
 is reported net of applicable trade incentives and allowances. Amounts billed and due from our customers are classified as receivables and require payment on a short-term basis and
 therefore
 we do not have any significant financing components.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Revenue from product sales is recognized when obligations under the terms of the contract with the customer are satisfied
 which occurs once control is transferred upon delivery to the customer. R&lt;span style=Background-color:#FFFFFF;&gt;evenue is measured as the amount of consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for transferring goods.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=font-family:inherit;&gt; &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&lt;span style=Background-color:#FFFFFF;&gt;The amount of consideration the Company receives and revenue the Company recognizes varies with changes in trade incentives the Company offers to its customers and their consumers.&#160;&lt;/span&gt;Trade incentives consists primarily of customer pricing allowances and merchandising funds
 and consumer coupons are offered through various programs to customers and consumers. Estimates of trade promotion expense and coupon redemption costs are based upon programs offered
 timing of those offers
 estimated redemption/usage rates from historical performance
 management&#x2019;s experience and current economic trends.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&lt;span style=Background-color:#FFFFFF;&gt;S&lt;/span&gt;ales taxes and other similar taxes are excluded from revenue. Costs associated with shipping and handling activities
 such as merchandising
 are included in SG&amp;amp;A expenses as revenue is recognized.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;There were no contract assets as of December 31
 2019 and 2018.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Information about the Company&#x2019;s net sales by class of retailer is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin:auto;border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:47.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:11pt;font-family:Calibri;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.5%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.5%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.5%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:47.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.5%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=10 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:49.86%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Twelve Months Ended&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:47.6%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.5%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=10 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:49.86%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;December 31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:47.6%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.5%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.94%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.5%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.94%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.5%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.94%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:47.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Grocery (including Online)
 Mass and Club&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.5%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.94%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;206
550
436&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.5%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.94%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;158
506
192&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.5%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.94%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;123
412
005&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:47.6%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Pet Specialty and Natural&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.5%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.94%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;39
311
618&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.5%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.94%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;34
731
270&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.5%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.94%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;28
947
482&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:47.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net Sales&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.5%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.94%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;245
862
054&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.5%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.94%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;193
237
462&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.5%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.94%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;152
359
487&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:1pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis_us-gaapAccountingStandardsUpdate201409Member_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000374


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis_us-gaapAccountingStandardsUpdate201409Member_20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000375


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Information about the Company&#x2019;s net sales by class of retailer is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin:auto;border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:47.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:11pt;font-family:Calibri;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.5%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.5%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.5%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:47.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.5%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=10 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:49.86%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Twelve Months Ended&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:47.6%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.5%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=10 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:49.86%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;December 31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:47.6%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.5%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.94%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.5%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.94%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.5%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.94%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:47.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Grocery (including Online)
 Mass and Club&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.5%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.94%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;206
550
436&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.5%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.94%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;158
506
192&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.5%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.94%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;123
412
005&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:47.6%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Pet Specialty and Natural&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.5%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.94%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;39
311
618&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.5%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.94%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;34
731
270&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.5%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.94%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;28
947
482&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:47.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net Sales&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.5%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.94%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;245
862
054&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.5%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.94%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;193
237
462&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.5%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.94%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;152
359
487&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:1pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtProductOrServiceAxis_frptGroceryIncludingOnlineMassAndClubMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000376


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtProductOrServiceAxis_frptGroceryIncludingOnlineMassAndClubMember_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000377


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtProductOrServiceAxis_frptGroceryIncludingOnlineMassAndClubMember_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000378


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtProductOrServiceAxis_frptPetSpecialtyAndNaturalMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000379


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtProductOrServiceAxis_frptPetSpecialtyAndNaturalMember_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000380


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtProductOrServiceAxis_frptPetSpecialtyAndNaturalMember_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000381


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000382


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000383


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000384


&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Advertising&lt;span style=font-weight:normal;&gt; &#x2013; Advertising costs are expensed when incurred
 with the exception of production costs which are expensed the first time advertising takes place. Advertising costs
 consisting primarily of media ads
 were $34
260
620
 $29
436
157
 and $22
127
170
 in 2019
 2018
 and 2017
 respectively. As of December 31
 2019
 and 2018 we had $594
000 and $255
749
 respectively
 of production cost in prepaid expense


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000385


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000386


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000387


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000388


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000389


 general
 and administrative expenses within the statement of operations and comprehensive loss. Shipping and handling costs primarily consist of costs associated with moving finished products to customers
 including costs associated with our distribution center and the cost of shipping products to customers through third-party carriers. Shipping and handling cost totaled $19
820
836
 $15
886
195
 and $12
892
928 for the years ended December 31
 2019
 2018
 and 2017


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtProductOrServiceAxis_us-gaapShippingAndHandlingMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000390


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtProductOrServiceAxis_us-gaapShippingAndHandlingMember_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000391


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtProductOrServiceAxis_us-gaapShippingAndHandlingMember_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000392


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Research&#160;&amp;amp; Development &lt;span style=font-weight:normal;&gt;&#x2013;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=font-style:italic;font-weight:normal;&gt; &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=font-weight:normal;&gt;Research and development costs consist of expenses to develop and test new products.&#160;&#160;The costs are expensed as incurred. Research and development costs totaled $1
157
058
 $486
797 and $284
574 for the years ended December 31
 2019
 2018 and 2017


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000393


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000394


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000395




&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;span style=font-weight:normal;&gt; &#x2013; Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#x201c;FASB&#x201d;) guidance specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based on whether the inputs to those valuation techniques are observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources
 while unobservable inputs reflect market assumptions. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurement) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurement). &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are as follows: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div style=align:left;&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width:2.27%;white-space:nowrap valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width:2.27%;white-space:nowrap valign=top&gt;

&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-family:Arial;&gt;Level 1 &#x2013; Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity has the ability to access at the measurement date. Level 1 primarily consists of financial instruments whose value is based on quoted market prices such as exchange-traded instruments and listed equities. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=align:left;&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width:2.27%;white-space:nowrap valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width:2.27%;white-space:nowrap valign=top&gt;

&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-family:Arial;&gt;Level 2 &#x2013; Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly (e.g.
 quoted prices of similar assets or liabilities in active markets
 or quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active). Level 2 includes financial instruments that are valued using models or other valuation methodologies. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=align:left;&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width:2.27%;white-space:nowrap valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width:2.27%;white-space:nowrap valign=top&gt;

&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-family:Arial;&gt;Level 3 &#x2013; Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. Financial instruments are considered Level 3 when their fair values are determined using pricing models
 discounted cash flows or similar techniques and at least one significant model assumption or input is unobservable. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The carrying amounts reported in the balance sheets for cash and cash equivalents
 other receivables
 accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate their fair value based on the short-term maturity of these instruments. The warrant liability is recorded at fair value with changes in fair value reflected in the statement of operations and comprehensive loss. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;As of December&#160;31
 2019


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Note 2 &#x2013; Recently Issued Accounting Standards: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-top:18pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Recently Adopted Standards&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;In February 2016
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02 (Topic 842) Leases. Topic 842 supersedes the lease requirements in Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 840
 Leases. Under Topic 842
 lessees are required to recognize assets and liabilities on the balance sheet for most leases and provide enhanced disclosures. Leases will continue to be classified as either finance or operating. I&lt;span style=color:#000000;&gt;n July 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-11
&#160;&#x201c;Leases (ASC 842):&#160;Targeted Improvements
&#x201d;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=font-style:italic;color:#000000;&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;&gt;which provides companies an optional adoption method to ASU 2016-02 whereby a company does not have to adjust comparative period financial statements for the new standard.&#160;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:bold;;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The reported results as of December 31
 2019 reflect the application of ASC 842
 while the comparative information has not been restated and continues to be reported under the related lease accounting standards in effect for those periods. The adoption of this update represents a change in accounting principle and resulted in the recognition of right-of-use (ROU) assets and operating lease liabilities. We elected the package of practical expedients
 which permits us not to reassess our prior conclusions about lease identification
 lease classification and initial direct costs incurred. We also elected the practical expedient to combine lease and non-lease components when determining the ROU asset and lease liability
 as well as the practical expedient to exclude leases with an initial term of 12 months or less. The primary effect of &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;adopting this standard relates to the recognition of our operating leases on our Consolidated Balance Sheets and providing additional disclosures about our leasing activities. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The Company is a lessee in several noncancellable operating leases
 primarily for office and warehouse space
 as well as office equipment. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The Company determines if an arrangement is or contains a lease at contract inception. The Company recognizes a ROU asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The operating lease liability is initially and subsequently measured at the present value of the unpaid lease payments at the lease commencement date. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Key estimates and judgments include how the Company determines (1) the discount rate it uses to discount the unpaid lease payments to present value
 (2) lease term and (3) lease payments.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div style=align:left;&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width:3.33%;white-space:nowrap valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width:3.33%;white-space:nowrap valign=top&gt;

&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-family:Arial;&gt;ASC 842 requires a lessee to discount its unpaid lease payments using the interest rate implicit in the lease or
 if that rate cannot be readily determined
 its incremental borrowing rate. Generally
 the Company cannot determine the interest rate implicit in the lease because it does not have access to the lessor&#x2019;s estimated residual value or the amount of the lessor&#x2019;s deferred initial direct costs. Therefore
 at the date of adoption
 we used our incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at January 1
 2019.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.67%;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div style=align:left;&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width:3.33%;white-space:nowrap valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width:3.33%;white-space:nowrap valign=top&gt;

&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-family:Arial;&gt;The lease term for all of the Company&#x2019;s leases includes the noncancellable period of the lease plus any additional periods covered by either a Company option to extend (or not to terminate) the lease that the Company is reasonably certain to exercise.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div style=align:left;&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width:3.33%;white-space:nowrap valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width:3.33%;white-space:nowrap valign=top&gt;

&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-family:Arial;&gt;Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise of fixed payments based on the terms of the lease. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:Arial;&gt;Certain arrangements have free rent periods or escalating rent payment provisions. We recognize rent expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term
 including any periods of free rent&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=font-family:Arial;&gt;.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;ROU assets are initially and subsequently measured at cost
 which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for lease payments made at or before the lease commencement date
 plus any initial direct costs incurred less any lease incentives received.&#160;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The ROU asset is subsequently measured throughout the lease term at the carrying amount of the lease liability
 plus initial direct costs
 plus (minus) any prepaid (accrued) lease payments
 less the unamortized balance of lease incentives received. Lease expense for lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;ROU assets for operating leases are periodically reviewed for impairment losses. The Company uses the long-lived assets impairment guidance in &#x201c;ASC Subtopic 360-10
 Property
 Plant
 and Equipment &#x2013; Overall&#x201d;
 to determine whether a ROU asset is impaired
 and if so
 the amount of the impairment loss to recognize. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The Company monitors for events or changes in circumstances that require a reassessment of one of its leases. When a reassessment results in the remeasurement of a lease liability
 a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the corresponding ROU asset unless doing so would reduce the carrying amount of the ROU asset to an amount less than zero.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Operating lease ROU assets are presented as operating lease right of use assets on the consolidated balance sheet. The current portion of operating lease liabilities and the long-term portion are presented separately as current and long term operating lease liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Standards Effective in Future Years&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;We consider the&lt;span style=font-size:11pt;&gt; &lt;/span&gt;applicability and impact of all Accounting Standards Updates (ASUs) issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB). &lt;span style=color:#212529;&gt;In 2016
 the FASB issued guidance that changes the impairment model used to measure credit losses for most financial assets. For our trade
 certain other receivables and certain other financial instruments
 we will be required to use a new forward-looking expected credit loss model that will replace the existing incurred credit loss model
 which would generally result in earlier recognition of allowances for credit losses. We will adopt the guidance when it becomes effective in the first quarter of 2020. We are currently evaluating the impact of this guidance and do not expect it will have a material impact on our financial statements or disclosures.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:bold;;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:18pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Note 3 &#x2013; Inventories: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Inventories are summarized as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin:auto;border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:56.4%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:11pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.78%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=6 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:40.78%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;December 31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:56.4%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.78%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:19%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.78%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:19%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:56.4%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Raw Materials and Work in Process&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;4
453
498&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2
784
233&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:56.4%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Packaging Components Material&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
419
155&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
138
091&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:56.4%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Finished Goods&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.78%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;6
842
359&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.78%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;5
442
338&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:56.4%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;12
715
012&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;9
364
662&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:56.4%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Reserve for Obsolete Inventory&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.78%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(172
743&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.78%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(47
430&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:56.4%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.78%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;12
542
269&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.78%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;9
317
232&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:1pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Inventories are summarized as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin:auto;border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:56.4%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:11pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.78%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=6 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:40.78%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;December 31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:56.4%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.78%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:19%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.78%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:19%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:56.4%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Raw Materials and Work in Process&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;4
453
498&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2
784
233&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:56.4%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Packaging Components Material&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
419
155&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
138
091&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:56.4%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Finished Goods&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.78%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;6
842
359&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.78%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;5
442
338&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:56.4%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;12
715
012&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;9
364
662&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:56.4%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Reserve for Obsolete Inventory&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.78%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(172
743&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.78%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(47
430&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:56.4%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.78%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;12
542
269&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.78%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;9
317
232&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:1pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000396


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000397


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000398


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000399


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000400


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000401


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000402


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000403


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000404


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000405


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000406


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000407


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Note 4 &#x2013; Property
 Plant and Equipment: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin:auto;border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:56.36%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:11pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.72%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=6 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:40.96%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;December 31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:56.36%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.72%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:19.14%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.74%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:19.14%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:56.36%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Refrigeration Equipment&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.72%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:17.96%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;97
568
137&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.74%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:17.96%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;79
567
389&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:56.36%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Machinery and Equipment&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.72%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:17.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;54
274
118&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.74%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:17.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;51
800
479&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:56.36%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Building
 Land
 and Improvements&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.72%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:17.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;25
621
495&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.74%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:17.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;25
606
013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:56.36%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Furniture and Office Equipment&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.72%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:17.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;4
931
703&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.74%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:17.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;4
884
945&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:56.36%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Leasehold Improvements&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.72%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:17.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;395
241&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.74%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:17.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;393
770&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:56.36%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Automotive Equipment&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.72%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:17.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;309
137&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.74%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:17.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;319
496&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:56.36%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Construction in Progress&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.72%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:17.96%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;58
587
375&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.96%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.74%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:17.96%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;4
769
268&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.96%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:56.36%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.72%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:17.96%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;241
687
206&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.74%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:17.96%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;167
341
360&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:56.36%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Less: Accumulated Depreciation&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.72%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:17.96%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(76
399
609&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.96%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.74%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:17.96%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(65
247
112&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.96%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:56.36%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.72%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:17.96%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;165
287
597&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.96%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.74%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:17.96%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;102
094
248&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.96%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:56.36%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.72%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:17.96%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.74%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:17.96%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Depreciation and amortization expense related to property
 plant and equipment totaled approximately $15
599
515
 $13
781
310 and $12
441
468 for the years ended December 31
 2019
 2018 and 2017
 respectively; of which $6
370
068
 $6
088
788 and $5
791
459 was recorded in cost of goods sold for 2019
&#160;2018 and 2017
 respectively; with the remainder of depreciation and amortization expense being recorded to selling
 general and administrative expense.&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin:auto;border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:56.36%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:11pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.72%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=6 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:40.96%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;December 31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:56.36%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.72%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:19.14%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.74%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:19.14%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:56.36%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Refrigeration Equipment&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.72%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:17.96%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;97
568
137&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.74%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:17.96%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;79
567
389&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:56.36%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Machinery and Equipment&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.72%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:17.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;54
274
118&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.74%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:17.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;51
800
479&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:56.36%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Building
 Land
 and Improvements&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.72%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:17.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;25
621
495&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.74%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:17.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;25
606
013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:56.36%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Furniture and Office Equipment&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.72%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:17.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;4
931
703&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.74%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:17.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;4
884
945&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:56.36%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Leasehold Improvements&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.72%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:17.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;395
241&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.74%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:17.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;393
770&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:56.36%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Automotive Equipment&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.72%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:17.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;309
137&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.74%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:17.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;319
496&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:56.36%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Construction in Progress&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.72%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:17.96%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;58
587
375&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.96%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.74%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:17.96%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;4
769
268&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.96%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:56.36%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.72%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:17.96%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;241
687
206&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.74%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:17.96%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;167
341
360&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:56.36%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Less: Accumulated Depreciation&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.72%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:17.96%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(76
399
609&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.96%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.74%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:17.96%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(65
247
112&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.96%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:56.36%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.72%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:17.96%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;165
287
597&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.96%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.74%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:17.96%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;102
094
248&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.96%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:56.36%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.72%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:17.96%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.74%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:17.96%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapPropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis_frptRefrigerationEquipmentMember_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000408


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapPropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis_frptRefrigerationEquipmentMember_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000409


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapPropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis_us-gaapMachineryAndEquipmentMember_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000410


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapPropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis_us-gaapMachineryAndEquipmentMember_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000411


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapPropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis_us-gaapLandBuildingsAndImprovementsMember_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000412


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapPropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis_us-gaapLandBuildingsAndImprovementsMember_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000413


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapPropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis_us-gaapFurnitureAndFixturesMember_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000414


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapPropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis_us-gaapFurnitureAndFixturesMember_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000415


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapPropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis_us-gaapLeaseholdImprovementsMember_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000416


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapPropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis_us-gaapLeaseholdImprovementsMember_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000417


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapPropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis_us-gaapTransportationEquipmentMember_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000418


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapPropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis_us-gaapTransportationEquipmentMember_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000419


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapPropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis_us-gaapConstructionInProgressMember_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000420


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapPropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis_us-gaapConstructionInProgressMember_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000421


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000422


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000423


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000424


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000425


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000426


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000427


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapFairValueByAssetClassAxis_us-gaapPropertyPlantAndEquipmentMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000428


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapFairValueByAssetClassAxis_us-gaapPropertyPlantAndEquipmentMember_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000429


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapFairValueByAssetClassAxis_us-gaapPropertyPlantAndEquipmentMember_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000430


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtProductOrServiceAxis_us-gaapProductMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000431


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtProductOrServiceAxis_us-gaapProductMember_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000432


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtProductOrServiceAxis_us-gaapProductMember_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000433


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:9pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Note 5 &#x2013; Income Taxes: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;A summary of income taxes as follows: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin:auto;border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:51.06%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.42%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=10 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:46.48%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;December&#160;31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:51.06%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.42%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:16.1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.42%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.74%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.42%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.74%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:51.06%; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Current:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.42%; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:15.1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.42%; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:11.74%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.42%; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:11.74%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:51.06%; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Federal&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.42%; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:16.1%; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Arial;font-size:11pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Arial;font-size:11pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.42%; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.74%; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Arial;font-size:11pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Arial;font-size:11pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.42%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.74%; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Arial;font-size:11pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Arial;font-size:11pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:51.06%; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;State&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.42%; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:15.1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;144
151&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.42%; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:11.74%;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;77
096&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.42%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:11.74%;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;75
195&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:51.06%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;International&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.42%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:16.1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Arial;font-size:11pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Arial;font-size:11pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.42%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.74%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Arial;font-size:11pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Arial;font-size:11pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.42%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.74%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Arial;font-size:11pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Arial;font-size:11pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:51.06%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.42%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:15.1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;144
151&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.42%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:11.74%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;77
096&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.42%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:11.74%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;75
195&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:1pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Arial;font-size:11pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The provisions for income taxes do not bear a normal relationship to loss before income taxes primarily as a result of the valuation allowance on deferred tax assets. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The reconciliation of the statutory federal income tax rate to the Company&#x2019;s effective tax is presented below: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin:auto;border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:52.84%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:11pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.48%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=10 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:44.66%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Year Ended December 31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:52.84%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.48%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.22%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.48%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.22%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.48%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.22%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:52.84%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Tax at federal statutory rate&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.48%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.22%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;21.00&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.48%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.22%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;21.00&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.48%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.22%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;34.00&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:52.84%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;State taxes
 net of federal&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.48%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.22%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;36.60&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.48%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.22%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(1.23&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.48%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.22%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.34&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:52.84%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Permanent items&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.48%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.22%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;312.20&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.48%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.22%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(2.37&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.48%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.22%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(5.94&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:52.84%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Other&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.48%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.22%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;5.60&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.48%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.22%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.14&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.48%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.22%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.17&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:52.84%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;State rate change&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.48%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.22%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(24.30)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.48%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.22%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;15.80&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.48%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.22%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:52.84%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.48%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.22%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(362.70)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.48%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.22%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(34.54&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.48%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.22%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;29.38&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:52.84%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Effective tax rate&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.48%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.22%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(11.60&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.48%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.22%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(1.48&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.48%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.22%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(1.83&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:12pt;font-family:Calibri;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;In assessing the realizability of the net deferred tax assets
 the Company considers all relevant positive and negative evidence to determine whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred income tax assets will not be realized. The realization of the gross deferred tax assets is dependent on several factors
 including the generation of sufficient taxable income prior to the expiration of the net operating loss carryforwards. The Company believes that it is more likely than not that the Company&#x2019;s deferred income tax assets will not be realized. The Company has experienced taxable losses from inception. As such
 there is a full valuation allowance against the net deferred tax assets as of December&#160;31
 2019 and 2018.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are as follows: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin:auto;border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:60.22%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:12pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.68%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=6 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:37.08%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;December 31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:60.22%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.68%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:19.16%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.68%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:15.22%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:60.22%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net operating loss&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18.16%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;49
626
069&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.22%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;45
831
214&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:60.22%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Stock option expense&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18.16%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;5
063
220&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.22%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
155
279&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:60.22%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Property and equipment&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18.16%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(10
371
561&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.22%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(9
688
332&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:60.22%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Other&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18.16%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;965
552&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.22%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;551
733&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:60.22%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Less: Valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.68%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(45
283
280&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.68%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.22%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(37
849
894&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:60.22%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net deferred tax&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.68%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18.16%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.68%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.22%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:60.22%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18.16%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.22%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:1pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:2pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;At December&#160;31
 2019
 the Company had federal net operating loss (&#x201c;NOL&#x201d;) carryforwards of $198
135
355
 of which $174
951
283
 generated in 2017 and prior
 will expire between 2025 and 2037. The NOL generated in 2018 and 2019 of $23
184
072 will have an indefinite carryforward period but can generally only be used to offset 80% of taxable income in any particular year. The Company may be subject to the net operating loss utilization provisions of Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. The effect of an ownership change would be the imposition of an annual limitation on the use of NOL carry forwards attributable to periods before the change. The amount of the annual limitation depends upon the value of the Company immediately before the change
 changes to the Company&#x2019;s capital during a specified period prior to the change
 and the federal published interest rate. Although we have not completed an analysis under Section 382 of the Code
 it is likely that the utilization of the NOLs will be limited.&lt;span style=font-size:12pt;font-family:Calibri;&gt; &lt;/span&gt;At December&#160;31
 2019
 the Company had $159
651
293 of State NOLs which expire between 2019 and 2039
 and had $6
016
186 of foreign NOLs which do not expire.&#160;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Entities are also required to evaluate
 measure
 recognize and disclose any uncertain income tax provisions taken on their income tax returns. The Company has analyzed its tax positions and has concluded that as of December 31
 2018
 there were no uncertain positions.&lt;span style=font-size:12pt;&gt; &lt;/span&gt;The Company&#x2019;s U.S. federal and state net operating losses have occurred since its inception in 2005 and as such
 tax years subject to potential tax examination could apply from that date because the utilization of net operating losses from prior years opens the relevant year to audit by the IRS and/or state taxing authorities.&#160;&#160;Interest and penalties
 if any
 as they relate to income taxes assessed
 are included in the income tax provision. The Company did not have any unrecognized tax benefits and has not accrued any interest or penalties through 2019.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net deferred tax assets and liabilities are summarized as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin:auto;border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:60.22%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.68%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=6 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:37.08%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;December 31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:60.22%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.68%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:19.16%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.68%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:15.22%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:60.22%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18.16%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;57
776
905&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.22%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;47
538
226&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:60.22%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18.16%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(12
493
625&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.22%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(9
688
332&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:60.22%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.68%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(45
283
280&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.68%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.22%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(37
849
894&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:60.22%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net deferred income tax assets&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.68%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18.16%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.68%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.22%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:1pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:2pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;On December 22
 2017
 the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the &#x201c;2017 Tax Act&#x201d;) was signed into law making significant changes to the Internal Revenue Code. Changes included
 but were not limited to
 a federal corporate tax rate decrease from 34% to 21% for tax years beginning after December 31
 2017
 which resulted in a reduction of approximately $18.9 million for the deferred tax assets related to net operating losses and other assets
 the transition of U.S. international taxation from a worldwide tax system to a territorial system
 and a one-time transition tax on the mandatory deemed repatriation of foreign earnings. The 2017 Tax Act had no impact on tax expense primarily due to us maintaining a full valuation allowance against our net deferred tax assets.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:2pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:2pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The Company considered the impact of the disallowance of certain incentive based compensation tax deductibility under Internal Revenue Code Section 162(m); however


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;A summary of income taxes as follows: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin:auto;border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:51.06%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.42%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=10 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:46.48%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;December&#160;31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:51.06%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.42%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:16.1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.42%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.74%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.42%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.74%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:51.06%; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Current:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.42%; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:15.1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.42%; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:11.74%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.42%; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:11.74%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:51.06%; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Federal&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.42%; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:16.1%; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Arial;font-size:11pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Arial;font-size:11pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.42%; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.74%; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Arial;font-size:11pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Arial;font-size:11pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.42%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.74%; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Arial;font-size:11pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Arial;font-size:11pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:51.06%; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;State&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.42%; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:15.1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;144
151&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.42%; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:11.74%;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;77
096&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.42%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:11.74%;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;75
195&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:51.06%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;International&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.42%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:16.1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Arial;font-size:11pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Arial;font-size:11pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.42%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.74%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Arial;font-size:11pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Arial;font-size:11pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.42%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.74%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Arial;font-size:11pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-family:Arial;font-size:11pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:51.06%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.42%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:15.1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;144
151&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.42%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:11.74%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;77
096&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.42%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:11.74%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;75
195&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=middle&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:1pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000434


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000435


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000436


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000437


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000438


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000439


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The reconciliation of the statutory federal income tax rate to the Company&#x2019;s effective tax is presented below: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin:auto;border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:52.84%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:11pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.48%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=10 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:44.66%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Year Ended December 31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:52.84%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.48%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.22%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.48%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.22%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.48%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.22%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:52.84%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Tax at federal statutory rate&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.48%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.22%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;21.00&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.48%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.22%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;21.00&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.48%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.22%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;34.00&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:52.84%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;State taxes
 net of federal&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.48%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.22%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;36.60&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.48%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.22%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(1.23&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.48%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.22%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.34&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:52.84%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Permanent items&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.48%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.22%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;312.20&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.48%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.22%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(2.37&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.48%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.22%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(5.94&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:52.84%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Other&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.48%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.22%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;5.60&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.48%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.22%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.14&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.48%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.22%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.17&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:52.84%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;State rate change&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.48%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.22%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(24.30)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.48%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.22%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;15.80&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.48%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.22%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:52.84%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.48%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.22%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(362.70)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.48%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.22%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(34.54&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.48%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.22%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;29.38&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:52.84%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Effective tax rate&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.48%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.22%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(11.60&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.48%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.22%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(1.48&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.48%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.22%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(1.83&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000440


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000441


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000442


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=4
      id=F_000443


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=4
      id=F_000444


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=4
      id=F_000445


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=4
      id=F_000446


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=4
      id=F_000447


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=4
      id=F_000448


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=4
      id=F_000449


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=4
      id=F_000450


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=4
      id=F_000451


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=4
      id=F_000452


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=4
      id=F_000453


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=4
      id=F_000454


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=4
      id=F_000455


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=4
      id=F_000456


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=4
      id=F_000457


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=4
      id=F_000458


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=4
      id=F_000459


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:12pt;font-family:Calibri;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin:auto;border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:60.22%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:12pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.68%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=6 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:37.08%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;December 31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:60.22%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.68%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:19.16%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.68%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:15.22%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:60.22%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net operating loss&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18.16%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;49
626
069&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.22%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;45
831
214&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:60.22%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Stock option expense&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18.16%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;5
063
220&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.22%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
155
279&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:60.22%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Property and equipment&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18.16%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(10
371
561&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.22%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(9
688
332&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:60.22%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Other&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18.16%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;965
552&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.22%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;551
733&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:60.22%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Less: Valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.68%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(45
283
280&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.68%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.22%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(37
849
894&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:60.22%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net deferred tax&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.68%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18.16%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.68%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.22%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:60.22%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18.16%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.22%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:1pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000460


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000461


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000462


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000463


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000464


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000465


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000466


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000467


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000468


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000469


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapIncomeTaxAuthorityAxis_us-gaapDomesticCountryMember_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000472


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapIncomeTaxAuthorityAxis_us-gaapDomesticCountryMember_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000475


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapIncomeTaxAuthorityAxis_us-gaapDomesticCountryMember_us-gaapTaxPeriodAxis_us-gaapEarliestTaxYearMember_20190101_20191231


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapIncomeTaxAuthorityAxis_us-gaapDomesticCountryMember_us-gaapTaxPeriodAxis_us-gaapLatestTaxYearMember_20190101_20191231


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapTaxCreditCarryforwardAxis_frptIndefiniteCarryforwardMember_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000470


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapTaxCreditCarryforwardAxis_frptIndefiniteCarryforwardMember_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000471


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapTaxCreditCarryforwardAxis_frptIndefiniteCarryforwardMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000480


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtStatementGeographicalAxis_stprNJ_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000473


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtStatementGeographicalAxis_stprNJ_us-gaapTaxPeriodAxis_us-gaapEarliestTaxYearMember_20190101_20191231


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtStatementGeographicalAxis_stprNJ_us-gaapTaxPeriodAxis_us-gaapLatestTaxYearMember_20190101_20191231


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapIncomeTaxAuthorityAxis_us-gaapForeignCountryMember_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000474


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000481


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000482


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net deferred tax assets and liabilities are summarized as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin:auto;border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:60.22%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.68%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=6 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:37.08%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;December 31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:60.22%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.68%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:19.16%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.68%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:15.22%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:60.22%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18.16%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;57
776
905&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.22%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;47
538
226&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:60.22%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18.16%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(12
493
625&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.22%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(9
688
332&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:60.22%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.68%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(45
283
280&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.68%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.22%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(37
849
894&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:60.22%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net deferred income tax assets&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.68%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18.16%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.68%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.22%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:1pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000483


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000484


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000485


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000486


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000487


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000488


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000489


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000490


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=F_000491


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:bold;;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Note 6 &#x2013; Accrued Expenses:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:bold;;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin:auto;border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:56.4%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:12pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.78%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=6 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:40.78%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;December 31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:56.4%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.78%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:19%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.78%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:19%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:56.4%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Legal Contingency (1)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;10
100
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; &#x2014;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:56.4%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Accrued Compensation and Employee Related Costs&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;6
390
692&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;5
276
552&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:56.4%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Accrued Chiller Cost&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
576
214&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
401
762&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:56.4%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Accrued Customer Consideration&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;635
399&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;650
567&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:56.4%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Accrued Freight&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;702
673&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;405
733&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:56.4%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Accrued Production Expenses&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;413
550&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;287
913&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:56.4%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Accrued Marketing&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
187
885&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;551
681&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:56.4%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Other Accrued Expenses&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.78%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
126
515&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.78%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;476
343&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:56.4%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.78%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;22
132
928&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.78%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;9
050
551&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:1pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div style=align:left;&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width:0.56%;white-space:nowrap valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:2pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width:3.33%;white-space:nowrap valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:2pt;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(1)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:2pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;See Note 8 for additional information.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin:auto;border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:56.4%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:12pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.78%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=6 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:40.78%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;December 31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:56.4%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.78%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:19%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.78%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:19%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:56.4%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Legal Contingency (1)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;10
100
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; &#x2014;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:56.4%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Accrued Compensation and Employee Related Costs&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;6
390
692&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;5
276
552&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:56.4%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Accrued Chiller Cost&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
576
214&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
401
762&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:56.4%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Accrued Customer Consideration&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;635
399&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;650
567&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:56.4%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Accrued Freight&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;702
673&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;405
733&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:56.4%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Accrued Production Expenses&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;413
550&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;287
913&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:56.4%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Accrued Marketing&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
187
885&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;551
681&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:56.4%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Other Accrued Expenses&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.78%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
126
515&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.78%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;476
343&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:56.4%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.78%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;22
132
928&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.78%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;9
050
551&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:1pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div style=align:left;&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width:0.56%;white-space:nowrap valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:2pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width:3.33%;white-space:nowrap valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:2pt;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(1)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:2pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;See Note 8 for additional information.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000492


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000493


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000494


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000495


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000496


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000497


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000498


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000499


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000500


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000501


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000502


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000503


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000504


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000505


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000506


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000507


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000508


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:11pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Note 7 &#x2013; Debt:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:bold;;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:11pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;On May 15
 2019
 the Company entered into the Fourth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (as amended
 the &#x201c;New Loan Agreement&#x201d;)
 which amended and restated in full the Company&#x2019;s Third Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement
 dated as of September 21
 2017. The New Loan Agreement provides for a $90 million senior secured credit facility (the &#x201c;New Credit Facility&#x201d;)
 encompassing a $55.0 million delayed draw term loan facility (the &#x201c;Draw Facility&#x201d;) and a $35.0 million revolving loan facility (the &#x201c;Revolving Loan Facility&#x201d;). The Company will have the ability to increase the New Credit Facility by up to an additional $75.0 million
 subject to certain conditions.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The New Credit Facility will mature on May 15
 2024 and borrowings thereunder will bear interest at variable rates depending on the Company&#x2019;s election
 either at a base rate or at LIBOR
 in each case
 plus an applicable margin. Subject to the Company&#x2019;s leverage ratio
 the applicable margin will vary between 0.50% and 1.00% for base rate loans and 1.50% and 2.00% for LIBOR loans. Upon closing the New Credit Facility
 the Company borrowed $15.0 million under the Revolving Loan Facility
 which left $20.0 million of availability. The Company has the option to borrow term loans under the Draw Facility (&#x201c;Draw Term Loans&#x201d;) until May 15
 2021
 subject to certain conditions. Commencing on June 30
 2021
 &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;the amount of any outstanding Draw Term Loans shall be repayable in equal consecutive &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;quarterly&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt; installments equal to 1/28th of the outstanding Draw Term Loans and the remainder shall be due and payable on May 15
 2024.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Borrowings under the New Credit Facility are secured by substantially all of the Company&#x2019;s and certain of its subsidiaries&#x2019; assets. The New Loan Agreement requires compliance with various covenants customary for agreements of this type
 including financial covenants and negative covenants that limit
 among other things
 the Company&#x2019;s ability to incur additional debt
 create or incur liens
 engage in mergers or consolidations
 sell
 transfer or otherwise dispose of assets
 make voluntary prepayments to subordinated debt
 permit a change of control
 pay dividends or distributions
 make investments
 and enter into certain transactions with affiliates. The New Loan Agreement also includes events of default customary for agreements of this type.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net &lt;span style=color:#000000;&gt;borrowings under our credit facilities totaled $54.5 million at December 31
 2019
 of which $40.5 million net of unamortized debt issuance cost of $0.6 million
 related to the Draw Term Loans and $14.0 million related to the Revolving Loan Facility. There was no debt outstanding as of December 31
 2018.&lt;/span&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Interest expense and fees totaled $1.0 million
 $0.2 million and $0.5 million for the years ended December 31
 2019
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. There was $0.3 million accrued interest on the credit facilities as of December 31
 2019 and less than $0.1 million of accrued interest on the credit facilities as of December 31
 2018 and 2017.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The Company incurred amortization of debt issuance cost of $0.3 million for the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018. Amortization of debt issuance cost is recorded as interest expense. In addition
 the Company incurred $1.4 million of debt issuance cost upon execution of the New Credit Facility.&#160;&#160;As of December 31
 2019


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapCreditFacilityAxis_frptNewCreditFacilityMember_20190515
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000509


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapCreditFacilityAxis_frptDelayedDrawFacilityMember_20190515
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000510


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapCreditFacilityAxis_us-gaapRevolvingCreditFacilityMember_20190515
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000511


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtRangeAxis_srtMaximumMember_us-gaapCreditFacilityAxis_frptNewCreditFacilityMember_20190515_20190515
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000512


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapCreditFacilityAxis_frptNewCreditFacilityMember_20190515_20190515


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtRangeAxis_srtMinimumMember_us-gaapCreditFacilityAxis_frptNewCreditFacilityMember_us-gaapVariableRateAxis_us-gaapBaseRateMember_20190515_20190515
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000514


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtRangeAxis_srtMaximumMember_us-gaapCreditFacilityAxis_frptNewCreditFacilityMember_us-gaapVariableRateAxis_us-gaapBaseRateMember_20190515_20190515
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000516


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtRangeAxis_srtMinimumMember_us-gaapCreditFacilityAxis_frptNewCreditFacilityMember_us-gaapVariableRateAxis_us-gaapLondonInterbankOfferedRateLIBORMember_20190515_20190515
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000515


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtRangeAxis_srtMaximumMember_us-gaapCreditFacilityAxis_frptNewCreditFacilityMember_us-gaapVariableRateAxis_us-gaapLondonInterbankOfferedRateLIBORMember_20190515_20190515
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000517


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapCreditFacilityAxis_us-gaapRevolvingCreditFacilityMember_20190515_20190515
      decimals=-5
      id=F_000518


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapCreditFacilityAxis_us-gaapRevolvingCreditFacilityMember_20190515
      decimals=-5
      id=F_000519


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapCreditFacilityAxis_frptDelayedDrawFacilityMember_20190101_20191231

 2021
 the amount of any outstanding Draw Term Loans shall be repayable in equal consecutive quarterly installments equal to 1/28th of the outstanding Draw Term Loans and the remainder shall be due and payable on May 15


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapCreditFacilityAxis_frptDelayedDrawFacilityMember_20190515_20190515


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapCreditFacilityAxis_frptDelayedDrawFacilityMember_20190101_20191231


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=F_000523


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapShortTermDebtTypeAxis_frptTermLoansMember_20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=F_000525


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=F_000527


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapShortTermDebtTypeAxis_frptRevolvingLoanMember_20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=F_000526


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000524


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=F_000528


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=-5
      id=F_000529


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=-5
      id=F_000530


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtRangeAxis_srtMaximumMember_20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=F_000531


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtRangeAxis_srtMaximumMember_20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000532


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtRangeAxis_srtMaximumMember_20171231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000533


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=F_000534


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=-5
      id=F_000535


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapCreditFacilityAxis_frptNewCreditFacilityMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=F_000536


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapBalanceSheetLocationAxis_us-gaapOtherAssetsMember_us-gaapCreditFacilityAxis_frptNewCreditFacilityMember_20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=F_000537


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapCreditFacilityAxis_frptNewCreditFacilityMember_us-gaapShortTermDebtTypeAxis_frptTermLoansMember_20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=F_000538


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:18pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Note 8 &#x2013; Commitments and Contingencies: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Commitments &lt;span style=font-weight:normal;&gt;&#x2013; The Company&#x2019;s obligations include leases for office space under non-cancelable operating leases
 manufacturing processing and utility servicing that expire at various dates through January&#160;1
 2033.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:bold;;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Leases:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:bold;;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;We have various noncancellable lease agreements for office and warehouse space
 as well as office equipment
 with original remaining lease terms of two years to nine years
 some of which include an option to extend the lease term for up to five years. Because the Company is not reasonably certain to exercise these renewal options
 the options are not considered in determining the lease term and associated potential option payments are excluded from lease payments. The Company&#x2019;s leases generally do not include termination options for either party to the lease or restrictive financial or other covenants.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years) and discount rate related to operating leases were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin:auto;border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:73.1%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Weighted-average remaining lease term&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.88%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:23%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:F_000543&gt;6.22&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:73.1%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Weighted-average discount rate&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.88%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:23%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;6.14&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;As most of our leases do not provide an implicit rate
 we use our incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the date of adoption to determine the present value of lease payments.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Costs related to lease obligations for the years ended December 31
 2019
 2018 and 2017 were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin:auto;border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:68.88%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.76%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:28.32%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;For the Twelve Months Ended&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:68.88%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.76%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:28.32%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;December 31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:68.88%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.76%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:28.32%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:68.88%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Operating lease cost&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.76%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:27.32%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
605
524&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:1pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Supplemental cash flow information and non-cash activity relating to operating leases are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin:auto;border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:68.88%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:11pt;font-family:Calibri;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.76%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:28.32%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;December 31
 2019&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:68.88%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Operating cash flow information:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.76%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:27.32%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:68.88%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.76%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:27.32%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
424
637&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:1pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:68.88%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.76%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:27.32%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;723
886&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:1pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;As of December&#160;31
 2019
 future minimum payments due under lease obligations for five years were as follows: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin:auto;border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:68.86%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.72%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:28.46%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;December 31
 2019&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:68.86%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.72%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:27.3%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:68.86%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2020&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.72%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:27.3%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
723
951&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:68.86%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2021&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.72%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:27.3%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
768
626&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:68.86%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2022&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.72%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:27.3%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
763
787&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:68.86%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2023&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.72%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:27.3%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
802
007&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:68.86%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2024 and beyond&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.72%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:27.3%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;4
297
218&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.96%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:68.86%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Total lease payments&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.72%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:27.3%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;11
355
589&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:68.86%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Less: Imputed interest&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.72%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:27.3%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(1
761
279&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.96%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:68.86%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Present value of lease liabilities&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.72%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:27.3%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;9
594
310&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.96%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:68.86%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.72%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:27.3%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:1pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Rent expense for operating leases
 in accordance with the leasing standard was $732
045 in 2018 and $480
349 in 2017&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Future minimum lease payments due under lease obligations as of December 31
 2018
 in accordance with the superseded leasing standard
 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin:auto;border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:73.36%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.06%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:23.56%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;December&#160;31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:73.36%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.06%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:23.56%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:73.36%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.06%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:22.56%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:73.36%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.06%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:22.56%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
475
761&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:73.36%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2020&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.06%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:22.56%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
626
179&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:73.36%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2021&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.06%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:22.56%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
671
003&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:73.36%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2022&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.06%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:22.56%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
664
510&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:73.36%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2023&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.06%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:22.56%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
700
539&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:73.36%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2024 and thereafter&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.06%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:22.56%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;4
246
015&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:73.36%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.06%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:22.56%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;12
384
007&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:73.36%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.06%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:22.56%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:1pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;As of December&#160;31
 2019
 future minimum payments due under manufacturing and service obligations for five years were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin:auto;border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:73.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Manufacturing and Servicing Obligations&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.02%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:23.7%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;December&#160;31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:73.34%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.02%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:23.7%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:73.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.02%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:22.52%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:73.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2020&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.02%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:22.52%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;804
347&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:73.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2021&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.02%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:22.52%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;864
099&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:73.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2022&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.02%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:22.52%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;885
678&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:73.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2023&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.02%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:22.52%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;907
817&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:73.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2024&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.02%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:22.52%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;469
506&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:73.34%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2025 and thereafter&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.02%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:22.52%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;4
912
854&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.94%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:73.34%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.02%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:22.52%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;8
844
301&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.94%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:73.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.02%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:22.52%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:73.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.02%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:22.52%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Manufacturing and servicing obligations in manufacturing process obligations and utility servicing obligations.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Certain of the Company&#x2019;s executives are covered by employment contracts requiring the Company to pay severance in the event of certain terminations.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin:auto;border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:73.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:73.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:bold;;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Legal Obligations:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;A securities lawsuit
 Curran v. Freshpet
 Inc. et al
 Docket No. 2:16-cv-02263
 was instituted April 21
 2016 in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey against us and certain of our current and former executive officers and directors on behalf of certain purchasers of our common stock. We were served with a copy of the complaint in June 2016. The plaintiffs have sought to recover damages for investors under the federal securities laws. The parties filed briefing on class certification and engaged in fact and expert discovery.&#160;&#160;The parties then entered into mediation and settlement discussions
 after which the parties entered into stipulation of settlement to amicably resolve the dispute.&#160;&#160;All parties to the agreement believed that it was in their respective best interests to settle the dispute in order to avoid the risk
 uncertainty
 and costs associated with litigation.&#160;&#160;Under the settlement
 Freshpet and its related defendants agreed to settle the litigation for $10.1 million
 subject to the approval of the District Court&lt;span style=color:#000000;&gt;.&#160;As of December 31
 2019
 the Company accrued for an estimated probable loss of $10.1 million
 which represents the proposed settlement and accrued legal fees.&#160;&#160;The Company believes that insurance recovery for the matter is probable and recorded a gain contingency of $10.1 million within other current assets. &lt;/span&gt;A securities lawsuit
 Meldon v. Freshpet
 Inc. et al
 Docket No. 2:18-cv-10166
 was instituted June 5
 2018 in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey against us and certain of our current and former executive officers and directors on behalf of certain holders of our common stock. We were served with a copy of the complaint in June 2018. The plaintiffs seek to recover damages for investors under the federal securities laws. On April 3
 2019
 the Court granted a stay of the Meldon case pending (i) the close of expert discovery in the Curran action or (ii) the dismissal with prejudice of the Curran action.&#160;&#160;The Company believes that the plaintiffs&#x2019; allegations are without merit and intends to vigorously defend against the claims. Because the Company is in the early stages of litigation
 the Company is unable to estimate a reasonably possible range of loss
 if any
 that may result from this matter. In addition
 we are currently involved in various claims and legal actions that arise in the ordinary course of our business
 including claims resulting from employment related matters. None of these claims or proceedings
 most of which are covered by insurance
 are expected to have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
 results of operations or cash flows. However
 a significant increase in the number of these claims or an increase in amounts owing under successful claims could materially and adversely affect our business
 financial condition
 results of operations or cash flows.&lt;/p&gt;


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtRangeAxis_srtMinimumMember_20191231


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtRangeAxis_srtMaximumMember_20191231

    

&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years) and discount rate related to operating leases were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin:auto;border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:73.1%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Weighted-average remaining lease term&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.88%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:23%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:F_000543&gt;6.22&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:73.1%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Weighted-average discount rate&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.88%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:23%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;6.14&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=4
      id=F_000544


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Costs related to lease obligations for the years ended December 31
 2019
 2018 and 2017 were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin:auto;border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:68.88%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.76%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:28.32%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;For the Twelve Months Ended&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:68.88%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.76%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:28.32%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;December 31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:68.88%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.76%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:28.32%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:68.88%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Operating lease cost&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.76%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:27.32%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
605
524&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:1pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000545


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Supplemental cash flow information and non-cash activity relating to operating leases are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin:auto;border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:68.88%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:11pt;font-family:Calibri;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.76%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:28.32%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;December 31
 2019&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:68.88%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Operating cash flow information:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.76%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:27.32%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:68.88%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.76%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:27.32%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
424
637&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:1pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:68.88%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.76%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:27.32%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;723
886&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:1pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000546


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000547


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;As of December&#160;31
 2019
 future minimum payments due under lease obligations for five years were as follows: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin:auto;border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:68.86%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.72%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:28.46%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;December 31
 2019&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:68.86%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.72%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:27.3%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:68.86%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2020&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.72%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:27.3%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
723
951&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:68.86%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2021&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.72%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:27.3%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
768
626&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:68.86%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2022&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.72%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:27.3%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
763
787&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:68.86%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2023&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.72%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:27.3%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
802
007&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:68.86%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2024 and beyond&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.72%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:27.3%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;4
297
218&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.96%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:68.86%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Total lease payments&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.72%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:27.3%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;11
355
589&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:68.86%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Less: Imputed interest&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.72%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:27.3%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(1
761
279&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.96%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:68.86%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Present value of lease liabilities&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.72%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:27.3%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;9
594
310&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.96%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:68.86%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.72%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:27.3%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:1pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000548


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000549


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000550


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000551


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000552


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000553


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000554


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000555


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000556


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000557


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Future minimum lease payments due under lease obligations as of December 31
 2018
 in accordance with the superseded leasing standard
 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin:auto;border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:73.36%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.06%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:23.56%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;December&#160;31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:73.36%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.06%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:23.56%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:73.36%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.06%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:22.56%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:73.36%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.06%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:22.56%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
475
761&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:73.36%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2020&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.06%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:22.56%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
626
179&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:73.36%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2021&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.06%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:22.56%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
671
003&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:73.36%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2022&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.06%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:22.56%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
664
510&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:73.36%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2023&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.06%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:22.56%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
700
539&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:73.36%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2024 and thereafter&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.06%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:22.56%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;4
246
015&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:73.36%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.06%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:22.56%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;12
384
007&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:73.36%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.06%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:22.56%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:1pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000558


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000559


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000560


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000561


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000562


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000563


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000564


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapOtherCommitmentsAxis_frptManufacturingAndServicingObligationsMember_20190101_20191231

&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;As of December&#160;31
 2019
 future minimum payments due under manufacturing and service obligations for five years were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin:auto;border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:73.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Manufacturing and Servicing Obligations&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.02%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:23.7%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;December&#160;31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:73.34%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.02%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:23.7%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:73.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.02%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:22.52%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:73.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2020&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.02%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:22.52%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;804
347&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:73.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2021&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.02%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:22.52%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;864
099&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:73.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2022&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.02%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:22.52%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;885
678&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:73.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2023&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.02%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:22.52%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;907
817&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:73.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2024&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.02%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:22.52%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;469
506&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:73.34%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2025 and thereafter&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.02%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:22.52%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;4
912
854&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.94%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:73.34%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.02%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:22.52%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;8
844
301&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:0.94%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:73.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.02%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:22.52%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:73.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.02%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:22.52%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:0.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapOtherCommitmentsAxis_frptManufacturingAndServicingObligationsMember_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000565


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapOtherCommitmentsAxis_frptManufacturingAndServicingObligationsMember_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000566


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapOtherCommitmentsAxis_frptManufacturingAndServicingObligationsMember_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000567


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapOtherCommitmentsAxis_frptManufacturingAndServicingObligationsMember_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000568


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapOtherCommitmentsAxis_frptManufacturingAndServicingObligationsMember_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000569


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapOtherCommitmentsAxis_frptManufacturingAndServicingObligationsMember_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000570


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapOtherCommitmentsAxis_frptManufacturingAndServicingObligationsMember_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000571


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=F_000572


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=F_000573


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapBalanceSheetLocationAxis_us-gaapOtherCurrentAssetsMember_20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=F_000574


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:18pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Note 9 &#x2013; Warrant: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:bold;;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;In connection with a loan transaction with a bank prior to 2011
 and in consideration thereof
 the Company issued to a bank a warrant to purchase up to an aggregate of 61
117 shares of voting common stock of the Company at a purchase price of $6.28 per share. The warrant was recorded as a liability with adjustments to fair value recorded in the statement of operations. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The warrant was exercised upon surrender to the Company
 on a net basis
 such that
 without the exchange of any funds
 such holder purchased that number of shares otherwise issuable upon exercise of its warrant less that number of shares having a current market price at the time of exercise equal to the aggregate exercise price that would otherwise have been paid by such holder upon the exercise of the warrant.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The outstanding warrants were converted to common stock in September 2017.&lt;span style=font-size:12pt;&gt; &lt;/span&gt;Upon conversion
 the fair value of the warrant of $588
019 was recorded to additional paid in capital and common stock. During the year ended December&#160;31
 2017
 prior to conversion
 the Company recorded expense of $334


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000575


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000576

    

      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000578


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000579


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:18pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Note 10 &#x2013; Equity Incentive Plans and Equity: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:2pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Total compensation cost for share-based payments recognized for the years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018
 and 2017 was approximately $7
833
707
 $6
807
620
 and $4
438
181
 respectively. Cost of goods sold for the years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018
 and 2017 included share-based compensation of approximately $922
036
 $859
133
 and $243
063
 respectively. Selling
 general
 and administrative expense for the year ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018
 and 2017 included share-based compensation of approximately $6
911
671
 $5
948
487
 and $4
195
118
 respectively. Capital expenditures recorded for the Freshpet Kitchens expansion project included share-based compensation of approximately $220
847 and $163
850 during the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2010 Stock Plan&lt;span style=font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;&gt;&#x2014;In December 2010
 the Company approved the 2010 Stock Plan (the &#x201c;2010 Plan&#x201d;) under which options to purchase approximately 2
146
320 shares of the Company&#x2019;s common stock were granted to employees and affiliates of the Company (in 2012
 the 2010 Plan was amended to allow for option to purchase approximately 2
220
280 shares of the Company&#x2019;s common stock). These options are either time-based (vest over four years)
 performance-based (vest when performance targets are met
 as defined in the stock option grant agreement)
 or vest at the occurrence of an exit event which is defined as a Change of Control in the Company
 as defined in the stock grant agreement. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:12pt;font-family:Calibri;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The options granted have maximum contractual terms of 10 years. The Board of Directors froze the 2010 Stock Plan such that no further grants may be issued under the 2010 Stock Plan. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan&lt;span style=font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;&gt;&#x2014;In November 2014
 the Company approved the 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the &#x201c;2014 Plan&#x201d;) under which 1
479
200 shares of common stock may be issued or used for reference purposes as awards granted under the 2014 Plan. In September 2016
 the 2014 Plan was amended to allow for the granting of an additional 2
500
000 shares of common stock to be issued or used for reference purposes as awards granted
 for a total of 3
979
200 shares. These awards may be in the form of stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock
 as well as other share-based and cash-based awards. As of December 31
 2019
 the awards granted were either time-based (cliff vest over three years)
 performance-based (vest when performance targets are met
 as defined in the stock option grant agreement)
 or restricted stock units (employee RSUs cliff vest over three years and non-employee director RSUs cliff vest over one year).&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;At December&#160;31
 2019
 there were 1
462
153 shares of common stock available to be issued or used for reference purposes under the 2014 Plan. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;NASDAQ Marketplace Rules Inducement Award&lt;span style=font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;&gt;&#x2014;During the year ended December 31
 2016
 500
000 service period stock options and 500
000 performance-based stock options were granted to the Company&#x2019;s CEO as an inducement under the NASDAQ Marketplace Rules. Under the terms of the agreement
 the grant is governed as if issued under the 2014 Omnibus Plan. As of December 31
 2016
 the awards granted were time-based (cliff vest over four years) and performance-based (vest when performance targets are met
 as defined in the stock option grant agreement).&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Service Period Stock Options&lt;span style=font-weight:normal;&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;&gt;A summary of service period stock options outstanding and changes under the plans during the year ended December&#160;31
 2019 is presented below: &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin:auto;border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:47.62%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Options&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.3%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Shares&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.44%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:11.06%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Average Remaining Contractual Term&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.06%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Aggregate Intrinsic Value&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:47.62%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2018&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.3%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
793
981&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.44%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;9.84&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:10.06%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:9.06%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:47.62%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Granted&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.3%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;46
036&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.44%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;45.95&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.06%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.06%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:47.62%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Exercised&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.3%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(478
086&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.44%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;8.60&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.06%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.06%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:47.62%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.3%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(1
192&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.44%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;9.64&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.06%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.06%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:47.62%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Expired&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.3%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(749&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.44%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;12.98&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:10.06%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:9.06%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:47.62%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2019&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.3%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
359
990&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.44%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;11.50&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.06%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:F_000619&gt;5.8&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.06%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;65
107
025&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:47.62%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Exercisable at December 31
 2019&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.3%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
012
194&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.44%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;9.84&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.06%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:F_000620&gt;5.2&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.06%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;50
240
528&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:1pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;All of the options exercisable at December 31
 2019 were in-the-money
 which account for the entire aggregate intrinsic value. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018
 and 2017 were $18
367
756
 $7
315
845
 and $8
081
050
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;A summary of the nonvested service period stock options as of December&#160;31
 2019
 and changes during the year ended December&#160;31
 2019
 is presented below:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin:auto;border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:64.68%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:11pt;font-family:Calibri;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.36%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Number of Options&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.54%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Share&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:64.68%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Nonvested as of December 31
 2018&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.18%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.36%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;683
043&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.18%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.54%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;5.69&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:64.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Granted&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.36%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;46
036&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.54%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;22.66&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:64.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Vested&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.36%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(379
342&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.54%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;5.54&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:64.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.36%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(1
192&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.54%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;4.89&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:64.68%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Expired&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.36%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(749&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.54%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;6.11&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:64.68%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Nonvested as of December 31
 2019&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.18%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.36%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;347
796&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.18%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.54%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;8.11&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:64.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.36%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.54%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:1pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;As of December&#160;31
 2019
 there was $1
817
408 of total unrecognized compensation costs related to non-vested service period options
 of which $1
207
808 will be incurred in 2020
 $397
183 will be incurred in 2021
 and the remaining $212
417 will be incurred in 2022.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Performance Based Options&lt;span style=font-weight:normal;&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;&gt;Performance based option vesting is contingent upon the Company achieving certain annual or cumulative revenue or Adjusted EBITDA goals. A summary of performance-based stock options outstanding and changes under the plans during the year ended December&#160;31
 2019 is presented below:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin:auto;border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:47.62%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Options&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.3%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Shares&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.44%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:11.06%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Average Remaining Contractual Term&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.06%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Aggregate Intrinsic Value&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:47.62%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2018&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.3%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
275
746&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.44%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;13.62&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:10.06%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:9.06%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:47.62%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Granted&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.3%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;171
803&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.44%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;49.37&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.06%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.06%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:47.62%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Exercised&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.3%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(35
477&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.44%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;9.98&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.06%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.06%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:47.62%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.3%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(39
253&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.44%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;9.05&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.06%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.06%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:47.62%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2019&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.3%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
372
819&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.44%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;18.31&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.06%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:F_000654&gt;8.0&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.06%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;55
977
436&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:47.62%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Exercisable at December 31
 2019&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.3%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;34
488&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.44%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;14.14&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.06%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:F_000655&gt;7.2&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.06%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
550
157&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:1pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:2pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;A summary of the nonvested performance-based options as of December&#160;31
 2019
 and changes during the year ended December&#160;31
 2019
 is presented below: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin:auto;border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:64.68%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:12pt;font-family:Calibri;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.36%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Number of Options&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.54%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Share&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:64.68%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Nonvested as of December 31
 2018&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.18%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.36%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
223
210&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.54%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;8.75&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:64.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Granted&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.36%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;171
803&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.54%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;24.67&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:64.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Vested&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.36%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(17
399&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.54%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;10.43&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:64.68%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.36%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(39
253&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.54%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;4.34&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:64.68%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Nonvested as of December 31
 2019&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.18%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.36%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
338
361&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.54%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;10.89&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:64.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.36%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.54%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:1pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:2pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;As of December 31
 2019
 unrecognized compensation costs related to the 1
303
367 performance-based awards for which the achievement of the vesting criteria is considered probable as of December 31
 2019 have performance target dates ranging from December 31
 2020 through December 31
 2022. The total unrecognized compensation costs for these performance-based awards was $6
973
926 as of December 31
 2019
 of which $3
576
666 will be incurred in 2020
 and the remaining $2
152
473 will be incurred in 2021. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;As of December 31
 2019
 there were 35
000 unvested performance-based options outstanding that were deemed not probable
 with an aggregate fair value of $0.2 million.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Restricted Stock Units&lt;span style=font-weight:normal;&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;&gt;The following table includes activity related to outstanding restricted stock units during the twelve months ended December 31
 2019.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin:auto;border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:64.68%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:11pt;font-family:Calibri;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.36%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Shares&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.54%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Unit&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:64.68%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2018&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.18%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.36%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;271
979&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.18%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.54%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;19.07&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:64.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Granted&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.36%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;95
187&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.54%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;43.29&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:64.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Issued Upon Vesting&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.36%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(124
401&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.54%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;18.07&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:64.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.36%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(2
356&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.54%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;31.22&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:64.68%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Expired&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.36%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(180&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.54%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;16.45&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:64.68%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2019&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.18%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.36%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;240
229&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.18%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.54%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;29.07&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:64.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.36%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.54%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:1pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;As of December 31
 2019
 there was approximately $4
364
767 of total unrecognized compensation costs related to restricted stock units
 of which $2
499
726 will be incurred in 2020
 $1
506
165 will be incurred in 2021
 and $358
876 will be incurred in 2022.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Grant Date Fair Value of Options&lt;span style=font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;&gt;&#x2014;The weighted average grant date fair value of options (service period options and performance based options) granted during the years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018
 and 2017 were $24.24
 $14.27 and $6.06&#160;per share
 respectively.&lt;/span&gt; &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-style:italic;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Expected Volatility&#x2014;&lt;span style=font-style:normal;&gt;Expected volatility was based on the historical volatility of the Company&#x2019;s common stock. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-style:italic;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Weighted Average Expected Term&lt;span style=font-style:normal;&gt;&#x2014;The Company determined the expected term based on the &#x201c;shortcut method&#x201d; described in FASB ASC 718
 Compensation&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;Stock Compensation &lt;span style=font-style:normal;&gt;(an expected term based on the midpoint between the vesting date and the end of the contractual term).&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-style:italic;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Risk-Free Interest Rate&lt;span style=font-style:normal;&gt;&#x2014;The risk-free interest rates are based on the U.S. Treasury yield for a period consistent with the expected term of the option in effect at the time of the grant. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-style:italic;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Expected Dividend Yield&lt;span style=font-style:normal;&gt;&#x2014;The Company has not historically declared dividends
 and no future dividends are expected to be available to benefit option holders. Accordingly
 the Company used an expected dividend yield of zero in the valuation model. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin:auto;border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:52.46%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:11pt;font-family:Calibri;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.78%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=10 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:44.74%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Year Ended December 31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:52.46%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.78%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:11.82%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.06%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:11.28%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:52.46%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Weighted average exercise price of options granted&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:11.82%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;48.64&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.06%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;27.60&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:11.28%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;12.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:52.46%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Expected volatility&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.82%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;47.6% - 48.5%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.06%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;48.9% - 50.0%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.28%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;45.6% - 50.1%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:52.46%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Average expected terms in years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.82%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;6 - 6.6&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.06%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;6 - 6.6&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.28%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;6.5 - 6.6&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:52.46%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Risk-free interest rate&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.82%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2.27%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.06%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2.62% - 2.96%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.28%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1.92% - 1.93%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:52.46%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Expected dividend yield&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.82%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;0.0%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.06%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;0.0%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.28%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;0.0%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:1pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000580


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000581


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000582


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapIncomeStatementLocationAxis_us-gaapCostOfSalesMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000583


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapIncomeStatementLocationAxis_us-gaapCostOfSalesMember_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000584


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapIncomeStatementLocationAxis_us-gaapCostOfSalesMember_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000585


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapIncomeStatementLocationAxis_us-gaapSellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000586


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapIncomeStatementLocationAxis_us-gaapSellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000587


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapIncomeStatementLocationAxis_us-gaapSellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000588


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapIncomeStatementLocationAxis_frptCapitalExpendituresMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000589


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapIncomeStatementLocationAxis_frptCapitalExpendituresMember_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000590


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapPlanNameAxis_frptTwoThousandTenStockPlanMember_20101201_20101231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000591


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapPlanNameAxis_frptTwoThousandTenStockPlanMember_20101231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000593


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapPlanNameAxis_frptTwoThousandTenStockPlanMember_20101201_20101231


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtRangeAxis_srtMaximumMember_us-gaapPlanNameAxis_frptTwoThousandTenStockPlanMember_20190101_20191231


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapPlanNameAxis_frptTwoThousandFourteenOmnibusIncentivePlanMember_20141130
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000595


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapPlanNameAxis_frptTwoThousandFourteenOmnibusIncentivePlanMember_20160901_20160930
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000596


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapPlanNameAxis_frptTwoThousandFourteenOmnibusIncentivePlanMember_20160930
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000597


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapPlanNameAxis_frptTwoThousandFourteenOmnibusIncentivePlanMember_20190101_20191231


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtTitleOfIndividualAxis_frptEmployeeMember_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapRestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember_us-gaapPlanNameAxis_frptTwoThousandFourteenOmnibusIncentivePlanMember_20190101_20191231


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtTitleOfIndividualAxis_frptNonEmployeeDirectorMember_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapRestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember_us-gaapPlanNameAxis_frptTwoThousandFourteenOmnibusIncentivePlanMember_20190101_20191231


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapPlanNameAxis_frptTwoThousandFourteenOmnibusIncentivePlanMember_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000601


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtTitleOfIndividualAxis_srtChiefExecutiveOfficerMember_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapEmployeeStockOptionMember_20160101_20161231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000602


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtTitleOfIndividualAxis_srtChiefExecutiveOfficerMember_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_frptPerformanceVestedStockOptionsMember_20160101_20161231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000603


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtTitleOfIndividualAxis_srtChiefExecutiveOfficerMember_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapEmployeeStockOptionMember_20160101_20161231


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapEmployeeStockOptionMember_20190101_20191231

&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Service Period Stock Options&lt;span style=font-weight:normal;&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;&gt;A summary of service period stock options outstanding and changes under the plans during the year ended December&#160;31
 2019 is presented below: &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin:auto;border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:47.62%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Options&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.3%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Shares&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.44%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:11.06%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Average Remaining Contractual Term&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.06%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Aggregate Intrinsic Value&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:47.62%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2018&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.3%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
793
981&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.44%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;9.84&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:10.06%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:9.06%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:47.62%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Granted&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.3%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;46
036&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.44%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;45.95&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.06%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.06%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:47.62%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Exercised&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.3%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(478
086&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.44%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;8.60&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.06%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.06%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:47.62%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.3%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(1
192&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.44%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;9.64&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.06%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.06%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:47.62%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Expired&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.3%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(749&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.44%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;12.98&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:10.06%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:9.06%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:47.62%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2019&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.3%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
359
990&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.44%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;11.50&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.06%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:F_000619&gt;5.8&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.06%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;65
107
025&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:47.62%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Exercisable at December 31
 2019&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.3%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
012
194&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.44%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;9.84&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.06%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:F_000620&gt;5.2&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.06%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;50
240
528&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:1pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapEmployeeStockOptionMember_20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000605


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapEmployeeStockOptionMember_20181231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000612


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapEmployeeStockOptionMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000606


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapEmployeeStockOptionMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000613


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapEmployeeStockOptionMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000607


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapEmployeeStockOptionMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000614


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapEmployeeStockOptionMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000608


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapEmployeeStockOptionMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000615


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapEmployeeStockOptionMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000609


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapEmployeeStockOptionMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000616


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapEmployeeStockOptionMember_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000610


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapEmployeeStockOptionMember_20191231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000617


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapEmployeeStockOptionMember_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000621


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapEmployeeStockOptionMember_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000611


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapEmployeeStockOptionMember_20191231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000618


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapEmployeeStockOptionMember_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000622


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapEmployeeStockOptionMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000623


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapEmployeeStockOptionMember_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000624


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapEmployeeStockOptionMember_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000625


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapEmployeeStockOptionMember_20190101_20191231

&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;A summary of the nonvested service period stock options as of December&#160;31
 2019
 and changes during the year ended December&#160;31
 2019
 is presented below:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin:auto;border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:64.68%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:11pt;font-family:Calibri;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.36%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Number of Options&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.54%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Share&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:64.68%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Nonvested as of December 31
 2018&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.18%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.36%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;683
043&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.18%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.54%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;5.69&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:64.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Granted&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.36%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;46
036&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.54%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;22.66&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:64.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Vested&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.36%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(379
342&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.54%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;5.54&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:64.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.36%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(1
192&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.54%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;4.89&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:64.68%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Expired&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.36%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(749&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.54%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;6.11&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:64.68%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Nonvested as of December 31
 2019&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.18%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.36%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;347
796&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.18%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.54%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;8.11&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:64.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.36%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.54%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:1pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapEmployeeStockOptionMember_20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000626


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapEmployeeStockOptionMember_20181231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000632


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapEmployeeStockOptionMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000627


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapEmployeeStockOptionMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000633


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapEmployeeStockOptionMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000628


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapEmployeeStockOptionMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000634


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapEmployeeStockOptionMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000629


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapEmployeeStockOptionMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000635


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapEmployeeStockOptionMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000630


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapEmployeeStockOptionMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000636


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapEmployeeStockOptionMember_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000631


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapEmployeeStockOptionMember_20191231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000637


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapEmployeeStockOptionMember_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000638


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapEmployeeStockOptionMember_us-gaapVestingAxis_us-gaapShareBasedCompensationAwardTrancheOneMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000639


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapEmployeeStockOptionMember_us-gaapVestingAxis_us-gaapShareBasedCompensationAwardTrancheTwoMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000640


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapEmployeeStockOptionMember_us-gaapVestingAxis_us-gaapShareBasedCompensationAwardTrancheThreeMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000641


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_frptPerformanceBasedOptionsMember_20190101_20191231

 2019 is presented below:
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin:auto;border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:47.62%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Options&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.3%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Shares&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.44%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:11.06%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Average Remaining Contractual Term&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.06%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Aggregate Intrinsic Value&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:47.62%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2018&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.3%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
275
746&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.44%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;13.62&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:10.06%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:9.06%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:47.62%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Granted&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.3%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;171
803&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.44%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;49.37&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.06%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.06%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:47.62%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Exercised&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.3%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(35
477&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.44%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;9.98&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.06%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.6%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.06%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:47.62%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.3%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(39
253&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.44%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;9.05&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.06%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.06%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:47.62%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2019&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.3%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
372
819&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.44%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;18.31&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.06%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:F_000654&gt;8.0&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.06%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;55
977
436&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:47.62%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Exercisable at December 31
 2019&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.3%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;34
488&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.44%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;14.14&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.06%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:F_000655&gt;7.2&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.6%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.06%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
550
157&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:1pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_frptPerformanceBasedOptionsMember_20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000642


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_frptPerformanceBasedOptionsMember_20181231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000648


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_frptPerformanceBasedOptionsMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000643


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_frptPerformanceBasedOptionsMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000649


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_frptPerformanceBasedOptionsMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000644


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_frptPerformanceBasedOptionsMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000650


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_frptPerformanceBasedOptionsMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000645


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_frptPerformanceBasedOptionsMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000651


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_frptPerformanceBasedOptionsMember_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000646


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_frptPerformanceBasedOptionsMember_20191231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000652


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_frptPerformanceBasedOptionsMember_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000656


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_frptPerformanceBasedOptionsMember_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000647


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_frptPerformanceBasedOptionsMember_20191231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000653


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_frptPerformanceBasedOptionsMember_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000657


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_frptPerformanceBasedOptionsMember_20190101_20191231

 2019
 and changes during the year ended December&#160;31
 2019
 is presented below:
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin:auto;border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:64.68%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:12pt;font-family:Calibri;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.36%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Number of Options&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.54%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Share&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:64.68%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Nonvested as of December 31
 2018&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.18%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.36%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
223
210&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.54%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;8.75&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:64.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Granted&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.36%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;171
803&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.54%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;24.67&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:64.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Vested&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.36%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(17
399&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.54%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;10.43&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:64.68%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.36%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(39
253&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.54%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;4.34&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:64.68%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Nonvested as of December 31
 2019&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.18%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.36%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
338
361&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.54%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;10.89&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:64.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.36%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.54%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:1pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_frptPerformanceBasedOptionsMember_20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000658


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_frptPerformanceBasedOptionsMember_20181231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000663


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_frptPerformanceBasedOptionsMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000659


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_frptPerformanceBasedOptionsMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000664


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_frptPerformanceBasedOptionsMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000660


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_frptPerformanceBasedOptionsMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000665


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_frptPerformanceBasedOptionsMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000661


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_frptPerformanceBasedOptionsMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000666


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_frptPerformanceBasedOptionsMember_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000662


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_frptPerformanceBasedOptionsMember_20191231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000667


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_frptPerformanceBasedOptionsMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000668


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_frptPerformanceBasedOptionsMember_20190101_20191231


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_frptPerformanceBasedOptionsMember_20190101_20191231


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_frptPerformanceBasedOptionsMember_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000671


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_frptPerformanceBasedOptionsMember_us-gaapVestingAxis_us-gaapShareBasedCompensationAwardTrancheOneMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000672


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_frptPerformanceBasedOptionsMember_us-gaapVestingAxis_us-gaapShareBasedCompensationAwardTrancheTwoMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000673


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_frptPerformanceBasedOptionsMember_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000674


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_frptPerformanceBasedOptionsMember_20191231
      decimals=-5
      id=F_000675


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapRestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember_20190101_20191231

&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Restricted Stock Units&lt;span style=font-weight:normal;&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;&gt;The following table includes activity related to outstanding restricted stock units during the twelve months ended December 31
 2019.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin:auto;border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:64.68%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:11pt;font-family:Calibri;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.36%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Shares&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.54%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Unit&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:64.68%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2018&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.18%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.36%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;271
979&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.18%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.54%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;19.07&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:64.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Granted&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.36%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;95
187&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.54%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;43.29&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:64.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Issued Upon Vesting&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.36%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(124
401&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.54%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;18.07&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:64.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.36%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(2
356&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.54%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;31.22&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:64.68%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Expired&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.36%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(180&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.54%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;16.45&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:64.68%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2019&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.18%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.36%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;240
229&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:2.18%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.54%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;29.07&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:64.68%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.36%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:2.18%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.54%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:1pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapRestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember_20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000676


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapRestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember_20181231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000682


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapRestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000677


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapRestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000683


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapRestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000678


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapRestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000684


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapRestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000679


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapRestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000685


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapRestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000680


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapRestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000686


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapRestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000681


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapRestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember_20191231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000687


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapRestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000688


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapRestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember_us-gaapVestingAxis_us-gaapShareBasedCompensationAwardTrancheOneMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000689


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapRestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember_us-gaapVestingAxis_us-gaapShareBasedCompensationAwardTrancheTwoMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000690


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapRestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember_us-gaapVestingAxis_us-gaapShareBasedCompensationAwardTrancheThreeMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000691


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000692


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000693


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000694


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-style:italic;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Expected Dividend Yield&lt;span style=font-style:normal;&gt;&#x2014;The Company has not historically declared dividends
 and no future dividends are expected to be available to benefit option holders. Accordingly
 the Company used an expected dividend yield of zero in the valuation model. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin:auto;border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:52.46%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:11pt;font-family:Calibri;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.78%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=10 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:44.74%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Year Ended December 31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:52.46%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.78%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:11.82%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.06%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:11.28%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:52.46%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Weighted average exercise price of options granted&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:11.82%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;48.64&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.06%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;27.60&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:11.28%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;12.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:52.46%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Expected volatility&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.82%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;47.6% - 48.5%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.06%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;48.9% - 50.0%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.28%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;45.6% - 50.1%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:52.46%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Average expected terms in years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.82%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;6 - 6.6&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.06%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;6 - 6.6&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.28%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;6.5 - 6.6&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:52.46%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Risk-free interest rate&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.82%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2.27%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.06%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2.62% - 2.96%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.28%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1.92% - 1.93%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:52.46%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Expected dividend yield&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.82%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;0.0%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:14.06%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;0.0%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.78%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.28%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;0.0%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:1pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000695


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000696


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000697


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=4
      id=F_000710


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000715


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000716


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000717


&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:8pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Note 11 &#x2013; Net Loss Attributable to Common Stockholders:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:bold;;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Basic net loss per common share is calculated by dividing net loss attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common share outstanding for the period. Diluted net loss per common share is computed by giving effect to all potentially dilutive securities. Diluted net loss per common share is the same as basic net loss per common share
 due to the fact that potentially dilutive securities would have an antidilutive effect as the Company incurred a net loss for the years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018 and 2017.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:2pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;In the years ended December 31
 2019
 2018
 and 2017
 there were no reconciling items between Net Loss/Income and Net Loss attributable to common stockholders.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The potentially dilutive securities excluded from the determination of diluted loss per share
 as their effect is antidilutive
 are as follows: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin:auto;border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:60.74%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:11pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.08%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=10 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:37.16%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Twelve Months Ended&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:60.74%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.08%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=10 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:37.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;December 31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:60.74%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.08%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.96%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.08%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:11.54%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.08%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.44%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:60.74%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Service Period Stock Options&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.08%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.96%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
500
156&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.08%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.54%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2
018
050&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.08%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.44%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2
559
532&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:60.74%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Restricted Stock Units&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.08%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;235
847&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.08%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.54%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;213
591&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.08%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.44%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;148
150&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:60.74%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Performance Stock Options&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.08%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;34
482&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.08%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.54%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;52
536&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.08%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.44%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;39
253&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:60.74%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Total&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.08%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.96%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
770
485&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.08%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.54%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2
284
177&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.08%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.44%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2
746
935&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:1pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000718


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000719


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000720


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The potentially dilutive securities excluded from the determination of diluted loss per share
 as their effect is antidilutive
 are as follows: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin:auto;border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:60.74%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:11pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.08%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=10 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:37.16%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Twelve Months Ended&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:60.74%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.08%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=10 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:37.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;December 31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:60.74%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.08%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.96%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.08%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:11.54%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.08%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.44%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:60.74%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Service Period Stock Options&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.08%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.96%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
500
156&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.08%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.54%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2
018
050&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.08%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.44%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2
559
532&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:60.74%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Restricted Stock Units&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.08%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;235
847&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.08%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.54%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;213
591&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.08%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.44%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;148
150&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:60.74%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Performance Stock Options&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.08%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.96%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;34
482&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.08%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.54%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;52
536&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.08%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.44%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;39
253&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:60.74%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Total&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.08%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.96%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
770
485&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.08%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.54%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2
284
177&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.08%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.44%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2
746
935&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:1pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis_us-gaapEmployeeStockOptionMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000721


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis_us-gaapEmployeeStockOptionMember_20180101_20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000722


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis_us-gaapEmployeeStockOptionMember_20170101_20171231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000723


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis_us-gaapRestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000724


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis_us-gaapRestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember_20180101_20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000725


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis_us-gaapRestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember_20170101_20171231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000726


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis_us-gaapPerformanceSharesMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000727


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis_us-gaapPerformanceSharesMember_20180101_20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000728


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis_us-gaapPerformanceSharesMember_20170101_20171231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000729


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000730


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000731


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000732


&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:10pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Note 12 &#x2013; Retirement Plan: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The Company sponsors a safe harbor 401(k) plan covering all employees. All employees are eligible to participate. Active participants in the plan may make contributions of up to 50% of their compensation
 subject to certain limitations. Company contributions totaled approximately $1
062
117 in 2019
 $788
199 in 2018
 and $594


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtRangeAxis_srtMaximumMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000733


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000734


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000735


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000736


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:8pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Note 13 &#x2013; Related Party Transactions: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;In September 2018
 one of the Company&#x2019;s raw material vendors was purchased by a significant stockholder of the Company.&#160;The purchase of the vendor by the stockholder
 had no impact on the cadence or amount of the raw materials that the Company purchased from the vendor. As of June 10
 2019
 the significant stockholder sold 3
294
653 shares in the Company and is no longer considered a related party.&#160;Subsequent to the acquisition of the vendor by the stockholder
 the Company had purchased approximately $1
505
960 and $650
000 of raw&lt;span style=font-style:italic;&gt; &lt;/span&gt;materials from the vendor in 2019 and 2018
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;During 2017
 $9
069
618 of payments were made to a privately held entity
 who was a stockholder of the Company at the time
 for the purchase of raw materials. &lt;/p&gt;


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190610_20190610
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000737


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapRelatedPartyTransactionAxis_frptPurchasesOfRawMaterialsMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000740


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapRelatedPartyTransactionAxis_frptPurchasesOfRawMaterialsMember_20180101_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000739


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapRelatedPartyTransactionAxis_frptPurchasesOfRawMaterialsMember_20170101_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000738


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:18pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Note 14 &#x2013; Concentrations: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Concentration of Credit Risk&lt;span style=font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;&gt;&#x2014;The Company maintains its cash balances in financial institutions that are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250
000 each. At times
 such balances may be in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Major Customers&lt;span style=font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;&gt;&#x2014;In 2019
 2018
 and 2017
 net sales to one of our distributors which sells directly to three of our customers
 accounted for 17%
 16%
 and 18% of our net sales
 respectively.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:12pt;font-family:Calibri;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;&gt;In both 2019 and 2018 one customer accounted for more than 10% of our net sales
 while in 2017
 no customers accounted for 10% of our net sales. As of December 31
 2019
 one distributor and two customers accounted for 19%
 19% and 14% respectively
 of our accounts receivable. As of December 31
 2018
 one distributer and two customers accounted for 11%
 22% and 13%
 respectively
 of our account receivable.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Major Suppliers&lt;span style=font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;&gt;&#x2014;The Company purchased approximately 27% of its raw materials from one vendor during 2019
 approximately 17% of its raw materials from one vendor during 2018
 and approximately 24% of its raw materials from one vendor during 2017. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The Company purchased approximately 80% of its packaging material from three vendors during 2019
 81% of its packaging material from three vendors during 2018
 and approximately 91% of its packaging material from three vendors during 2017. &lt;/p&gt;


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtRangeAxis_srtMaximumMember_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000741


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis_us-gaapSalesRevenueNetMember_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis_us-gaapCustomerConcentrationRiskMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000745


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis_us-gaapSalesRevenueNetMember_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis_us-gaapCustomerConcentrationRiskMember_20180101_20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000746


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis_us-gaapSalesRevenueNetMember_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis_us-gaapCustomerConcentrationRiskMember_20170101_20171231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000747


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis_us-gaapSalesRevenueNetMember_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis_us-gaapCustomerConcentrationRiskMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000742


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis_us-gaapSalesRevenueNetMember_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis_us-gaapCustomerConcentrationRiskMember_20180101_20181231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000743


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis_us-gaapSalesRevenueNetMember_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis_us-gaapCustomerConcentrationRiskMember_20170101_20171231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000744


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtMajorCustomersAxis_frptCustomerOneMember_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis_us-gaapSalesRevenueNetMember_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis_us-gaapCustomerConcentrationRiskMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000751


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtMajorCustomersAxis_frptCustomerOneMember_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis_us-gaapSalesRevenueNetMember_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis_us-gaapCustomerConcentrationRiskMember_20180101_20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000752


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtMajorCustomersAxis_frptCustomerOneMember_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis_us-gaapSalesRevenueNetMember_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis_us-gaapCustomerConcentrationRiskMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000748


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtMajorCustomersAxis_frptCustomerOneMember_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis_us-gaapSalesRevenueNetMember_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis_us-gaapCustomerConcentrationRiskMember_20180101_20181231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000749


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtMajorCustomersAxis_frptCustomerOneMember_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis_us-gaapSalesRevenueNetMember_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis_us-gaapCustomerConcentrationRiskMember_20170101_20171231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000750


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtMajorCustomersAxis_frptCustomerOneMember_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis_us-gaapSalesRevenueNetMember_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis_us-gaapCustomerConcentrationRiskMember_20170101_20171231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000753


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis_us-gaapAccountsReceivableMember_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis_us-gaapCustomerConcentrationRiskMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000760


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis_us-gaapAccountsReceivableMember_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis_us-gaapCustomerConcentrationRiskMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000762


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtMajorCustomersAxis_frptDistributorOneMember_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis_us-gaapAccountsReceivableMember_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis_us-gaapCustomerConcentrationRiskMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000754


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtMajorCustomersAxis_frptCustomerOneMember_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis_us-gaapAccountsReceivableMember_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis_us-gaapCustomerConcentrationRiskMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000756


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtMajorCustomersAxis_frptCustomersTwoMember_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis_us-gaapAccountsReceivableMember_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis_us-gaapCustomerConcentrationRiskMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000758


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis_us-gaapAccountsReceivableMember_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis_us-gaapCustomerConcentrationRiskMember_20180101_20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000761


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis_us-gaapAccountsReceivableMember_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis_us-gaapCustomerConcentrationRiskMember_20180101_20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000763


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtMajorCustomersAxis_frptDistributorOneMember_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis_us-gaapAccountsReceivableMember_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis_us-gaapCustomerConcentrationRiskMember_20180101_20181231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000755


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtMajorCustomersAxis_frptCustomerOneMember_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis_us-gaapAccountsReceivableMember_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis_us-gaapCustomerConcentrationRiskMember_20180101_20181231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000757


      contextRef=C_0001611647_srtMajorCustomersAxis_frptCustomersTwoMember_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis_us-gaapAccountsReceivableMember_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis_us-gaapCustomerConcentrationRiskMember_20180101_20181231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000759


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis_frptPurchasesOfRawMaterialsMember_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis_us-gaapSupplierConcentrationRiskMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000764


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis_frptPurchasesOfRawMaterialsMember_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis_us-gaapSupplierConcentrationRiskMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000767


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis_frptPurchasesOfRawMaterialsMember_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis_us-gaapSupplierConcentrationRiskMember_20180101_20181231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000765


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis_frptPurchasesOfRawMaterialsMember_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis_us-gaapSupplierConcentrationRiskMember_20180101_20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000768


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis_frptPurchasesOfRawMaterialsMember_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis_us-gaapSupplierConcentrationRiskMember_20170101_20171231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000766


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis_frptPurchasesOfRawMaterialsMember_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis_us-gaapSupplierConcentrationRiskMember_20170101_20171231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000769


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis_frptPackagingMaterialsMember_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis_us-gaapSupplierConcentrationRiskMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000770


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis_frptPackagingMaterialsMember_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis_us-gaapSupplierConcentrationRiskMember_20190101_20191231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000773


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis_frptPackagingMaterialsMember_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis_us-gaapSupplierConcentrationRiskMember_20180101_20181231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000771


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis_frptPackagingMaterialsMember_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis_us-gaapSupplierConcentrationRiskMember_20180101_20181231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000774


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis_frptPackagingMaterialsMember_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis_us-gaapSupplierConcentrationRiskMember_20170101_20171231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000772


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis_frptPackagingMaterialsMember_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis_us-gaapSupplierConcentrationRiskMember_20170101_20171231
      decimals=INF
      id=F_000775


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:8pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Note 15 &#x2013; Unaudited Quarterly Results: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Unaudited quarterly results for the years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018
 and 2017 were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin:auto;border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:44.34%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:11pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.24%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.84%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;First&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Quarter&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.24%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.94%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Second&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Quarter&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.94%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Third&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Quarter&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.94%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Fourth&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Quarter&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:44.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2019:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.84%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:44.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net sales&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.84%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;54
792
202&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;60
052
179&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;65
265
901&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;65
751
772&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:44.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Income/(loss) from operations&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.84%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(3
317
269&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(5
345
703&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;3
534
502&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;4
875
547&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:44.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net Income/(loss)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.84%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(3
421
999&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(5
661
349&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;3
067
164&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;4
633
451&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:44.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net Income/(loss) attributable to common stockholders&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.84%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(3
421
999&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(5
661
349&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;3
067
164&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;4
633
451&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:44.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Basic earnings/(loss) per common share&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.84%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.16&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;0.09&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;0.13&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:44.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Diluted earnings/(loss) per common share&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.84%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.16&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;0.08&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:44.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2018:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.84%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:44.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net sales&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.84%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;43
169
601&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;47
624
956&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;50
799
601&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;51
643
303&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:44.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Income/(loss) from operations&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.84%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(3
409
926&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(3
409
631&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;43
639&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
890
379&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:44.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net Income/(loss)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.84%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(3
520
937&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(3
500
519&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(97
165&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
757
418&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:44.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net Income/(loss) attributable to common stockholders&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.84%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(3
520
937&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(3
500
519&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(97
165&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
757
418&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:44.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Basic earnings/(loss) per common share&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.84%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.00&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;0.05&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:44.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Diluted earnings/(loss) per common share&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.84%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.00&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;0.05&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:44.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2017:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.84%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:44.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net sales&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.84%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;33
677
571&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;38
728
364&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;40
125
006&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;39
828
546&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:44.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Income/(loss) from operations&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.84%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(2
740
471&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(1
827
121&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;199
024&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
617
318&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:44.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net Income/(loss)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.84%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(2
879
525&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(2
652
162&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(245
548&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
514
895&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:44.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net Income/(loss) attributable to common stockholders&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.84%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(2
879
525&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(2
652
162&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(245
548&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
514
895&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:44.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Basic earnings/(loss) per common share&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.84%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.09&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.08&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.01&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;0.04&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:44.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Diluted earnings/(loss) per common share&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.84%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.09&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.08&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.01&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;0.04&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:1pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Unaudited quarterly results for the years ended December&#160;31
 2019
 2018
 and 2017 were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin:auto;border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:44.34%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:11pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.24%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:13.84%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;First&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Quarter&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.24%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.94%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Second&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Quarter&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.94%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Third&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Quarter&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.94%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Fourth&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Quarter&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:44.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2019:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.84%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:44.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net sales&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.84%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;54
792
202&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;60
052
179&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;65
265
901&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;65
751
772&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:44.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Income/(loss) from operations&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.84%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(3
317
269&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(5
345
703&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;3
534
502&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;4
875
547&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:44.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net Income/(loss)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.84%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(3
421
999&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(5
661
349&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;3
067
164&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;4
633
451&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:44.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net Income/(loss) attributable to common stockholders&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.84%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(3
421
999&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(5
661
349&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;3
067
164&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;4
633
451&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:44.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Basic earnings/(loss) per common share&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.84%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.16&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;0.09&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;0.13&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:44.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Diluted earnings/(loss) per common share&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.84%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.16&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;0.08&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;0.12&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:44.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2018:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.84%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:44.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net sales&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.84%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;43
169
601&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;47
624
956&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;50
799
601&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;51
643
303&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:44.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Income/(loss) from operations&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.84%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(3
409
926&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(3
409
631&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;43
639&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
890
379&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:44.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net Income/(loss)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.84%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(3
520
937&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(3
500
519&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(97
165&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
757
418&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:44.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net Income/(loss) attributable to common stockholders&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.84%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(3
520
937&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(3
500
519&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(97
165&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
757
418&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:44.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Basic earnings/(loss) per common share&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.84%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.00&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;0.05&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:44.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Diluted earnings/(loss) per common share&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.84%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.00&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;0.05&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:44.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2017:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.84%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:44.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net sales&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.84%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;33
677
571&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;38
728
364&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;40
125
006&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;39
828
546&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:44.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Income/(loss) from operations&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.84%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(2
740
471&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(1
827
121&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;199
024&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
617
318&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:44.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net Income/(loss)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.84%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(2
879
525&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(2
652
162&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(245
548&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
514
895&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:44.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net Income/(loss) attributable to common stockholders&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.84%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(2
879
525&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(2
652
162&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(245
548&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
514
895&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:44.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Basic earnings/(loss) per common share&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.84%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.09&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.08&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.01&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;0.04&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#FFFFFF;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:44.34%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:6.85pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Diluted earnings/(loss) per common share&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.84%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.09&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.08&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.01&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1.24%; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:9.94%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:9pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;0.04&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color:#CFF0FC;padding-left:0pt;padding-Right:0.75pt;padding-Top:0.75pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;white-space:nowrap; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;color:#000000;font-size:1pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20190331
      decimals=0
      id=F_000776


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190401_20190630
      decimals=0
      id=F_000777


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190701_20190930
      decimals=0
      id=F_000778


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191001_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000779


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20190331
      decimals=0
      id=F_000780


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190401_20190630
      decimals=0
      id=F_000781


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190701_20190930
      decimals=0
      id=F_000782


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191001_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000783


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20190331
      decimals=0
      id=F_000784


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190401_20190630
      decimals=0
      id=F_000785


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190701_20190930
      decimals=0
      id=F_000786


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191001_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000787


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20190331
      decimals=0
      id=F_000788


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190401_20190630
      decimals=0
      id=F_000789


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190701_20190930
      decimals=0
      id=F_000790


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191001_20191231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000791


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20190331
      decimals=2
      id=F_000792


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190401_20190630
      decimals=2
      id=F_000793


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190701_20190930
      decimals=2
      id=F_000794


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191001_20191231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000795


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190101_20190331
      decimals=2
      id=F_000796


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190401_20190630
      decimals=2
      id=F_000797


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20190701_20190930
      decimals=2
      id=F_000798


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20191001_20191231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000799


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20180331
      decimals=0
      id=F_000800


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180401_20180630
      decimals=0
      id=F_000801


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180701_20180930
      decimals=0
      id=F_000802


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181001_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000803


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20180331
      decimals=0
      id=F_000804


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180401_20180630
      decimals=0
      id=F_000805


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180701_20180930
      decimals=0
      id=F_000806


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181001_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000807


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20180331
      decimals=0
      id=F_000808


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180401_20180630
      decimals=0
      id=F_000809


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180701_20180930
      decimals=0
      id=F_000810


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181001_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000811


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20180331
      decimals=0
      id=F_000812


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180401_20180630
      decimals=0
      id=F_000813


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180701_20180930
      decimals=0
      id=F_000814


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181001_20181231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000815


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20180331
      decimals=2
      id=F_000816


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180401_20180630
      decimals=2
      id=F_000817


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180701_20180930
      decimals=2
      id=F_000818


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181001_20181231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000819


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180101_20180331
      decimals=2
      id=F_000820


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180401_20180630
      decimals=2
      id=F_000821


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20180701_20180930
      decimals=2
      id=F_000822


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20181001_20181231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000823


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20170331
      decimals=0
      id=F_000824


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170401_20170630
      decimals=0
      id=F_000825


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170701_20170930
      decimals=0
      id=F_000826


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20171001_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000827


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20170331
      decimals=0
      id=F_000828


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170401_20170630
      decimals=0
      id=F_000829


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170701_20170930
      decimals=0
      id=F_000830


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20171001_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000831


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20170331
      decimals=0
      id=F_000832


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170401_20170630
      decimals=0
      id=F_000833


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170701_20170930
      decimals=0
      id=F_000834


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20171001_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000835


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20170331
      decimals=0
      id=F_000836


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170401_20170630
      decimals=0
      id=F_000837


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170701_20170930
      decimals=0
      id=F_000838


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20171001_20171231
      decimals=0
      id=F_000839


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20170331
      decimals=2
      id=F_000840


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170401_20170630
      decimals=2
      id=F_000841


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170701_20170930
      decimals=2
      id=F_000842


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20171001_20171231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000843


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170101_20170331
      decimals=2
      id=F_000844


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170401_20170630
      decimals=2
      id=F_000845


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20170701_20170930
      decimals=2
      id=F_000846


      contextRef=C_0001611647_20171001_20171231
      decimals=2
      id=F_000847


&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Note 16 &#x2013; Subsequent Events: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The Company evaluates events that have occurred after the balance sheet date but before the financial statements are issued. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;With the Company&#x2019;s continuing expansion of its manufacturing capacity
 the Company&#x2019;s borrowings under the new credit facilities increased by an additional $13.9 million as of February 24
 2020.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Based upon further evaluation


      contextRef=C_0001611647_us-gaapCreditFacilityAxis_frptNewCreditFacilityMember_us-gaapSubsequentEventTypeAxis_us-gaapSubsequentEventMember_20200224_20200224
      decimals=-5
      id=F_000848


      xlink:role=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/link


          xlink:href=#F_000042
          xlink:label=F_000042


          xlink:href=#F_000057
          xlink:label=F_000057


          xlink:href=#F_000041
          xlink:label=F_000041


          xlink:href=#F_000056
          xlink:label=F_000056

        

          xlink:arcrole=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/arcrole/fact-footnote
          xlink:from=F_000042
          xlink:to=FNT_000000


          xlink:arcrole=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/arcrole/fact-footnote
          xlink:from=F_000057
          xlink:to=FNT_000000


          xlink:arcrole=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/arcrole/fact-footnote
          xlink:from=F_000041
          xlink:to=FNT_000000


          xlink:arcrole=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/arcrole/fact-footnote
          xlink:from=F_000056
          xlink:to=FNT_000000












begin 644 0001564590-20-006185-xbrl.zip

&M?
C Q.3$R
M

MO8I D40+!!@


RX^A[]:]6-
M41:F\;3[^





M\E7O[)M5*V7D/3RY*^.+7OFNQ1#*\:3K#X'&?MXX_W:V\=$ 4R]R-C3W=B?6
M]44FB91F55\D)+3'WX7





@0;
037&
M[#T-CSEH3VBJ-0-
[HV;
MW?^ZX%:?SDI_UG.MV.I]YSJW<.H\KSISZ2<W9[&4Y[#W68IBB9UE+/=+].U

MY

M)%$6YZ @I'BO3H+PXCY/.]VG;Y04J%'?Z2]]#[_N^3)V:%&R

M?+-^T[N*5ZDWC2A@5WI]DHHXQ;#51QWM1YV]_%OQ'LF!+KY#A:^*OQ078[]8

MC?
)



$*W\CQTHZ%\C9@V+U0:K'MB1?+5H-A+:I1K
MAT_5FM::8]#+NS .:J=RWZ\LK3E2U$!'JC6S) \:XX9-7%AU \E%E.!UQQ+
M:J;Y+AUQ5B@056NBJM3(7CJ(NNZJV4K$?)]4G7LU&%4#O6[ML.LZIE22\6OE
M4A7[;S#I^57(5X-?-=
EUP[KIMNRKP;%:N-%70=\JM;9UQR#7MZ+^J2)P$M2

M#)4JZ$M7U:Z[+EJG(N#EZ*^O!J-JH


J(FSKWXHL9@*
MO.984C/-M]:(

MYAFFK:P\VA#KF;GM!F_FXC:7


MJ_=BY92\XG9T^T*BP_*U^C6/;*2J#NI['
'ST_'W !0]4#!01QWA:SZ-R\A\


XI_LJW($?RGAL7_;J
%!?
M/ 
:]^#@'NTWIOSF[C(WXLG%Z#Y7..#VJP?

M_O-\.(JC6W+[OUXC:2ZX-/Q]A?E[@_FUP_S7S?/+ Z)H/ENU=TT]&/Y\6I?:

MM-L^6H




MU$IC5ETSJ9X0LU8WL6JE


M=O:68X)/.?C/
A!CZ7V.Q=UK./JIVWUUAZ]^N92W47#KA_U70?[ZMYF[7E-4

M8E]T WD)RRX

A




M=CPJCO Z;
N70]/&JIV=WK&*6/7(!(=5/4A;[)U$PZ&?XO(3PS^BC#K3?-
M8IY'S/W
X.^+;N#WB4&O R^IVK\BZ/DAL-XH
I?F=)+%


M=@T2R!Z


.<<FV_POA9X_V!.O;+Y%4_

MEMB]W#N)AIB1S:F1]/@8M





;JN^EI-
'IU]8%7B]&-UG%_



M2LDY:3HJKR







M4)]C@@%^
8

S(
@=\& BR#ZB(_Y1B?8/#I_+S!N&
M*X

M U)$(_
8OGA775J&\WQ'CY^+@

(#HJD@
MO.



M4!^UDK[4B2*G70@G9Z?N)PQE+$#IAHTILA6K:K


G9%(BN@
MM:CP;^]/TMFE[&







M7C]O?QX)^:\_'6YW#CXD3BH#.4)(.2&!JN4 .PLR]!([ @X.(.?))_;XKU_
M\
7I$;3;+/93'[;*01P92\\997&2830GC1RX CT *IMB^TW_+4HOS
 Z=N%)
MW^#A31CDT6&0B&WMX9KN!_HOL\Z2H'Y?L

ML5(0YM6-.IVM_6=+%UVB?C0_V&)!')ASYV9#K +E=K9V)I+]7A/6?5/Q;/G#
M'8BP#W^'SMW !PS
F6


ML+X;Q^=#LW+2_



V_





:H1*'Y

?


MT;/M]H=I2Z&?.Q_T91

W3


MDGHY]2C[6SLKO8'MO:V]U3ZG:V]9Z/1Y10%K8O^@TLM^.R\=3(F49)?6!0

M@X&)25QIY&0)1_U@

M-



M.PIAVEBT!Y!=W7UF6%29R[Q9S3Z
?8H5Y7=$LA:S7/5.WL'G.Z*2T)L57X

M:LNIP'N613SE&TOO&)@
C9'HR\UN+






M)+^AX81KS D/&DZH.&&M\IX;5EC)H_GXX7_C:7_?BJH-0R-?@BT)^MT(DC
6!CRM:?<YIRI[ T^(H

M&ZH9631YRP_;S OF+2^6N-QD+K\P[KXFE;'86&;%4.R5J(R=]GS\X[
?2^HQ

M'Y_+F1O.WI)ATMC'#1][+7RL:0U5?SXV9V\H50
V=B[N0M#0!OX(\XA/9$Q3









MXR
J .K
.H3N&

5[!F=%2GLOQ+5P:^
MO)WX6@)]#LNYS,I?PNPD*Y()KZ/LA3!4_YZ%*4(1!%,_, '/.5K/-+R+W2

<T&QB@1]X28!+H4+;L2-&
M(PEKP=8&3I@-N_ [/!4.S:7MQ%'6'V!GJ@(33V#WA;6QP&V*,U9/A$PBB





)J
M5W4YN6,U#!B.9





MH1^A$\D4LZ52#!M^4_N#;_A-PV_JR&]$$%!X _WTY(1&+C.*(P\LN$3YLOWP

MW
G6AH23P
Y\L
@$&F2PP6@HXX:YU/Z4&^;2

A=056).G^@Y(3P
M1F9
M^M@+#E

MMN/ K\ 


M9B#Z

3(75R#EITTN8OU/N6$N

*&



MF:+%95K9.*/8=S%9V8VE2)3^DPRB.!5]^!2%JA7(*
-N(6XT'$:H#*D+@3_$
MTO/S%DYWTHGEOS
_E@VKJCW.-*RJ855U9%4EE8C+MKB0*QMAV80[0*W(I 8%
M38YA[0^]X34-KZDCK[F-
.A%K



[ZAW''SD^KP

AY3:TO?!1BCDCM.YKZ[MKY&3? BT*-,SRDA\

 ^^3E5+


0^@
1]N%;5!X]Z8+J $K';](!K9)5(Q-R

M\ .KOSSNV$4M_DW^510& .JW+0!1@L&R(.NV+8;!\@#WH?OECE%=&&Z8P*
M3:A!?X2+X&@0KDNRB^(?U5=X
]BWT/0W.X0]#O C8:G6Z0R4UWX(_46ME)
MSA

7082
M+



M@-

MO@G!Q:B5#QG14WR /2;$8(B2X


(3-






)8R1: 8L$.OR*JGNP5K1R

M:)S)2


^['\ON_PJ@@3Z@3=RA-J5JX3&(+JSJ0_8P8U2.^CV7
6B

M%= ^KR'RMK3^:9RT=P!&\LOWE/

M-YJ4':-6D)

MK((; [A;Z)'B0LZ7:#CTTY1)WHM(I8]HVC5@;ZYY]S4C W
?N.9W&6%P$!_Y
7BAL*D(Q VQ6$SZ2AL+ARKGG*/#TA#RQBS$/UZ+J35 V%67[Z]2$G9Y*0
MIN@C&LD_L12*3 M7HF)+/TXQZ:1R-]=GQM^5<^=C@O8=OQ+7E61)W*FKM

MYD23LJA!C%3R:V@:/@ 6]22).=)&^85QPA^55I['[:TQP?QH).06F \ XE 9





CE
MZD:5T30*L

MH


M
6 !8+ #D<)-(X%:@8-\
M+4&OJNBA.B6E



).49MD
Q3:[L1$!:

$GZ@N)BCAMW48@M) 'F])
*3NI#' 4!*ORBC^$0]A*0NIUU


MEJ?N/LM3]Y[EJ?O/\M2#9WGJX;

M557%@5:UL )B0H/+=8[/43_
4RK@D_/W:



MD^YS'NI016]#K@
!GGLZ+#3'N4^V#AN,$<5#% A=



ZB&+?4,HK 0H;S-')O@#2EC5%XW3S$,N-C+
M^R,PVIC<3I95U-
%V
_4F


59QAF(R#6T!AH4KL.FW5RN+?





#_1RR2BB7&%1Z2=(!;R4\

MH#ZPW=YNEW.*;*CXIN):11QQ/]P/VB13X6@R!0I$4Q^6PRE5?^ZT]TPR)G(
MH$BP#)PCFW(WB7+MQ*P*2*%90%FCI:98.9/8WFJKTHH6*E)4.R.2PF+RM5#7




#N+




4U[


XM


M4L@8.;?*CBE$&KB0 X?R!]^-T]#&4_H@9C*& DE\BUN+BO(UD[+!+0/Z
MHTPPFQ]NQ10893_'A6I/G2:G)1*KGOYN!C

M?MK%8A:5UHV]SE





=VLA2_N-ZR*0%0@U1!0


MWZ3 (8A-;(OI8+^_$;9_&&#L!R.V=++Z=2.$N-X[P-67=XG.KM7;4@L';9S#

M[I*DAB

L
M_^G:[F].M-V_FSF-(&A-T9U$?:F!;8KS#OQLA1 @P\J-PA

MNE




MCF!^NGFJ!K7RN57^5=VF4/@)]T $V2=#;Q

M@T1

M]B8P77^Y_9]QV=)@QLVHMPD7;F(*7'Y@;

MS2&/0E)=)TP3!DZ+'9D
Y.HV%.M.8PF.MM=MG*Y3?V358RL@A8LK
*KRE'
M)-RDC*.\
PNGC4=Q !A
IZ];)+ IXNJ.UJ8E!*CX_79/,ISCPMT6R@4!X?

M8*]6)M%C1T)*'34M7(\B'A_2#=+K;31B-;55$MF?*F*(789N7I4G:SJ]XH

*3CA@AQ$YTT2*,]XXX$S&HP3<JN*##
YIARI


13SMA\8^=
?E

9A9N4F3

MN


M:08$$$TF)_UEEC.!V@!1YQ'C$X]R'T*Y51TGC%'D31F[)LE2CSSD0=)1;-OQ
M@%6YX1VRK6ZL

J?N)RO*G'/Q6

MR#KO_8$5!)R.PDS':DB=LML=E2Q$?JVHFN250N2//?34Z5(UMO#M^#_9BR9-

Y-)+5DE:8\X@
Q$(@
M



9%/!4UDRABHCK.0#;HYA:Q24)]ZW#

R;!UI1@\X)LHM.C&YF8=
M50.S5+
%
X^1?*
M&@F<KWX0<*V++IILL6@I0F*<)^B'ODNM!83JU (0]&]]C\:52^,29I=%Z?Y
4?H.QQAX.C57]18J.G3C
MUNHJ4,KL+N]%9'ER<J:D4\@X;\9,XU1&M&::+5N/H)@3-M:F@S43XXDW^@D%
MYFW<RW.\

M\'A2U1RK.BGP&\Y+43$8\S35URKW7%/@C2*YV%H;=7Y*(^+&!4&@
N.[ $;A











6SW5FE.'U ;Z9



]UH0PC




8:0T!@YA)

]
PDATU;#I@?\P923VM-
E5C5[:
GRG5

7H4P?%) M'Q);9\C?@
MXXD
?B);A7[M^/@LT'T6U1GYQ:;?N7K-$^I 88]E43\J5 C9F@^59ZM$ZG4(

HI\9ED
=0N7=XMU-C:98#C8:[\*'G)&AH

[


MS'W$$=6D-Q):7-.KAI:H=U&'W$3UJ@808J
D7=2H?9:MO!?12(Q55;/^!@P3



GX75D5K/[TG?/4R$#KHUHPI



M(
YS


M^:3[62)(SG62][.)W\G=TF;F'2JQF/ =BC%Y0ZRI#/G046Q2:10@J[FL*9VB

M%

?!

4 5MW%8K3Q
VM[8-GA$(U
MX4_9Q@OD:SS_2LA1L&\7Y4XYE]5&NTF %YC\QD?=.YJGSYG&N#1DDDP[KHQ#




M@:H


;MZQ<B%@!L1RR4<?YJ8JB3!XU*[PE*CNJ0
M\_0YK_
N3'

MGS$S/K7J[5IVG;
U$4Y1
=887%=]74(@A1\M'+0D::9:M]3IB4^\)VZC6&
0

T7


&1B!7: !#OB%7&P;:0Q/V_QM!:85]51A*#.E2GP




L6/XCYY5BXWQ
MU


A50.C5.S=#=L?N2
9U04)(4(7(*+&/.O=LA(SC*I_.?]T<<F##[J

5*.GOR;.F2'5$R!53'
]5IW@4-T/(\0VC_'
3VEI-(R*1AB



2

M='C&'$H!

(!5QSDZ33_\



P1P53N^0ZC0K-5,%G8+V?!L%
MHRB-:]^)(L;#L6+Q1TU]38]&2L CQST 5B2^W=+UY
Z/ U]BF\JJ)JW?L0=


M.O*$NRCV]
P6DW1(#;[P7M7'A/Q=12VB
.



MQS
M@2WGN(3?10S.#4DPW/=M=LW%@6&M7 ]B*U\.2HIY.2I_HE/LUUC6+5


5

*QBP3?.0($;DVDKV?6I]@)2CH9RGFC9=4NC3NB&9W=

,JY$$1HK[E



]]-/QS5HU?IEZI9



M-4X&

YY9_GV_H)
M_I9/WR#I!%*.! 1*CU*&)G^I2$Q ELKNNJ@^+)2^D3&43Z#=_HIGD5/A7V1
M:.-'Y:?C6ZFZ2E@)U8U88WV+2:!\'7W-@&UIUL&31#!+XY:/DJV1=#Q2PX+5


R\

M%
X7DS28WFIQH:&NTF]S4-LIJ3/ SNZUF 2-&7YMK8:\3D' V0_)S*16K?.8


M')
\A_QLX9!C[?4348%FRY@37!Y&;J?'23Z#V$Q\R9\-A@RPH@^ U4DAKO.
M18%3W&'3RDVMI._GN=[V1S#V8(&(5#54,*UH %(TKI],5R.11W.:_J8]Y



M
GK^GRAA+<2D/RF



#@_\8I
GK:K9MS1_W3/A

M=(5IG=+SXP1T=WPZCNKKQ:#QQNQLT#I]$0]4@QKTF[AN1.Y;Y38AE- Q^[S#
MS!0TLFO]M6YF-#8

G
MJ&IMK #2E0E[E:A(@DN-0#?3XH)J.'





_$\I)


M(W*U6MW[[ ]74Q7IJ4F7'S8R\O2%4@WVZ!0L?#]JZ#6*2JMF5KM%]M*S&_Z
M^=S593/5/_,[8% \U$7+(]/WVDVQ1DG/BR]47SBG5$C=7619CMB,\9Q+)N',
M'%M7*H;]./#A\%X\X!E86?P065J2CO8HX;97UB_/^&#M
*T7=)D5K$[JB!T

MI3#BC
$B%+TU0.

M

-+E.=28V$:Q..




M4$






-8GX!HAE751Y+5M:3$+6CTT/*\-WL5KJ;$7Q_]7FM W
M*C+C:^R\G78D#1MAH02D+A.5#TCF0J_/


0@A2 V[*#%?]DT$=UZ&GA9%UFP
M7&Z SN %]T2V8A &8



%7MBKNJ

MWC4_($\SW'AJ*L$UC+6;']+%;=:OC1FM@;?7;'@WF_X0TS5F3F?^JV0=+O

RF&4YY6)WTWL6M:5=-\\9&=(*69&!G
MV(Z?Y'!XP(7@EM&=6#D^HI

1E;!5W-[@;:
M%W*%N'*I3



M
;=@0V



@+B1/  $A;9QM:*]AG)3X






O?%8#HHO?AG-T:*H;K(K6&MF+/#IH<UQRPT^JP!JI1FCZ^HBWGEIS<V
MG\(VW[C(HU@5#6Y1O
4.IXKHU
W=_8
M6P:;XA
L96JUJ-&=

MB L3VFLFKRT7!7.U&CVCU0*DT9C+C



PX@/1%2.UVH@7IVG8!EJ:/;QD



AL)E(PFE1
MMQ)R4^M[
U+]]M9OST;1_($; B.R&3=S1KL*LQ?FZ)8:%H\8]/:FOM*M-M




M-XX\H!CGU6]D[ZG=IO14RA*AJTPA)4T]*^@TYQ7NW;X;VU
4I1:NX(S!F?*&
M-FCZ%VIY

MUZYXPI
QKL1DI4=N XQ
S+F1*FXP'SBMSR:?XRBF#;=RPXC)(K
SD^DGWBAT




)TQ0]DSG*95

*RG'
M(2ESVVTE!?V4ZZ
:R1XG@G

M

M7 $4S





FEBK;:+%PE6CM4CU;GH=U]!-:U;<W UN#
M-MY8 ZH4M(%+G+9DAT*;\5X@[;7Q'S;,JD:TQ3BL_29P^#_^*_;AD6OTE?I



MU2;S3*Z21J#6VK9.$U^5 -A.?M
9@U'[:+J)PEJ



MG(Q/RQ]KG7H=YO2
(&_T:+M6[=LYVD[7:H$+]^!.*6.M:DK@\B@&+OE?WV$H

MRERZLM]X1!

MP6&&$Q/]'^I23Q3





=DS7*AE=

:&S+.
J^
MX


^QBA5I

M*)3K,='3)OO%)
W7?U--DLP%G8^0SG]('!C.'#T

MV\BYC8N[E7NFI^U:_E'CA/4OM-(.1F\%-JGEPE#;MS;'7:1+?.S E-7W;4S!



3\L_;2[L/K$1YG/)38[^%!!6\;6T2N3@B_=9OKY!I*2F]/1-$!





M0=5PNQ0/Q:UL

[\7W8IK*ED7-11


R9W\\!
M]A7%E(
O&-'P&MUIIX$IGJ;:#7
G:L
8MFN(-LQ(:C67URU=ZS0J4N[67!74
MGZGM3&IV*#*KT\@
_YI0GGA;F!JMMK


M&GYU='9






MHRR*(]U5#4

MIS8\7DJI7U4H
-8MF1



MF5':NN[Z0YX%[E;F(K&-UBGR(
(#BU2=N;$=7IP$
RI+^F8NWI\;40N
M!!VZQ4I!!T&')T$'/?5%P3S  P['@-KJW)L$NCF


VQ*4M4*(&.;O%9H$.@


MES5O8NF+OYI^QV8V5;/VV6MM$N1S/#-ARP@J]7;=2(P?5H
9MXY*KFFV*OII

=0--PPO1D\ZX*SS

M





P3Z%1C;8V0D3
MVZI\*3C +Y/

^713BBW/5_U^ 








MDZ@PP_\RA:/KDK*LL:W[)WK%B1F6




FOE'@:K:PP[TI87#6+&=U/%=40F5Y*YT37V8:U.

_[CP9S
UC3Q^9KSJ
MH1_6CBWBXS:=LL$8FN5V=':%4Z^79TW9L4IZ'B%;1S0WTPPMLE+EAD$[:7&G
M=^V+\X7'&U'H1CS29

\@H/.[T5.

M\BA



MD*$%#_R]C/!$ M8Y
_]UBV


MC.]5I&[




XV(

M:J


MR15^-%F

#3.J:^&]U_IJ%3_SR5)O;L7G6[D-B]_
)J%[L/*#Z
PY6THVDC D2UF=Y$-(LF0&]3FKG47
M/DA@KPNZLF%<<$RWM.B!Q+I18SBUF]E#8+CE-Q1T0L0EVL)_*C^+TU+'7BJ

VHI*?U;AD'*#C/.6Z%&QGK.
M&WQCHP!_N(1.@DVRO7T+GU0)M3\N\_D5NB7U\IN)N'CJH#05.#U%\R1.%P?*
MI

]#E


$\TH+2J

%ZH


)-5EY\.
M#@?V<N-U1=;7G(J13Z=8?!5A1FQ98;-@$@=T&/* 5J[K6HZ8Z2NPN_\+M P

@ PE[07A_K

M37--%U)=

M&;'$CTGFIKI5M]E
[0CXWSTIIZ&C:





1:5!*08*

?8J*

7&PIH2OO5?8*GYM\Z
Y

P\L$(S0@

!OLR![Z1@ICY7=H4_#3G+'7/



MV_JM?S1DVO=^7NMY_+ \\V7B3ZT^0W]J]3]_:ZA0JK17O-:^R@&OGQ5_+0



JRC*W@P_-%]0@P?S#C2XPK51T]PX:O*G8DJ5B?M?K

;GK19I\P1I
N]0]J*C_O/&UKR+LZ: RVP82



MSG5'1C
VS%1/TMQ!?7/7'VZ



S&LR#%I#N#:R/G7K&JVZ]DV4Y
MCN#E+D%FGL\T26FV;+.WDP!5QR5&@$J JHM Y65B8=]%@A9L7(7]]O2(0NI[




:/S.YHIM1_\-[-#9^/AFNC8E

9%'
MYU



PEN



(FIN&B


M&:#83$!$2W9+@E1$*/!%?(#Z'@ !KT-TX*G+[LH;6V*L
@5G6MP3.K'2SRP(


$SU1H Q&KY_B
*%V/FX?!.[BU


M($  I(!9HVP
8\VBT3R'8[=N&J2%S0UM5P#0^4(I
<8

MET\.]!


M]S^81U0H2TY BZ=+-X
K\?A+FS)M(J)G




/+EVA RC[=!

MF@J.
N1]2%*

M/['1I]-PSD?LOM:&(NU2DVUF'TM!/NO^!8FJ
8/N/RQ!OWWX.TA142Q 
N&\
M$ .W?V\RB.P63CDPH7GMUW*#B@+*\ENSM0/ME/8OMJ!@
]+TJ_OO0*_&/'6.

%?3






MXAWIJ$Z'1#Z=!E02%N))N*S'_])F3A10[SOG/- =P;_.$S*:LN!_ZTQIG3_

/A4J!%(K)J0_^EE23*Y7I!(



M$X
XUOH WN+VT:#![79@@;+&7)&I
G_CD3KGVY1*&;J<2=V


M/ZYP4(A.VC9IBB2EJW]A3NAC90[I*M:R^8&@6+T$O.


 .3?.W]?PV#Q%KP_0Y)U=*2DB=NMP7AF


8?K9NU'3?Y^)Y
E
=R
ME#P9?/Q5$^U]1ETJ4

MN9@!0X(7[S[^_OG%[GR/=YTT]GPR$(ZD /I)JR!=&7(SE#FE#OB8&;G*3GSR





M.'?'#)CMIDU?8#KT




7K.1K@


M=[5M-!M631/9.XIOG+(B -41AG0
H
YHXE ?N=
^=0E$]1:BAH?'/=T$SP&B











MIO!J_&!X]E



MNH9[IA%.KKXSB7!X]C*9#H

M:#U+6__HWC.S.S$D_@\5Q*J EV2:-:CKT10I8





MN2MG8@9-#L_=I

G)X?%6DR;7GB;NP[ E(WP;#F[+KO\'NBAX

5]!X+ K

Y ^ZU?(JE/)#ON^-5Z^



%3D;A



3T^WUOA[F=_=Y7VTDX(7436=0#)1-1UGD*B:C:IF

8JJ$54CJD94C3!(5

(@T31;
M
.WT(CS:?D*8:!K1-*)I1-
(@T33W


Y(YIC??K
M<7AZ+%WFNK)=I+/$+OGQ2:4IT4





VG
MF.'6$^5$Q8B*V2OB=Q3!1
5TG$&B8C:JF-.+G167BHH1%=

MHF(V-]@\V5G3&U$Q/6QJT-5F_S1J8:S@.F6Z&U315[7UN(7N9D-VE0




D-7$3


B[6(V(
MMK



M;
&A#G-'%$7'&22*0A1%3X@M.-1A[HBBZ#B#1%&(HN@)L06'.LP=410=9U!?







M=W027IP
PN'P;

!AV#)&YU-*#-

M5^VP7;_)Z$2_Q55A7F



O=X/@ODAZ/XC?
M8]P?A

SR;\'J':]F[&E[_757=




:+B/P?;?HJHNHG17B2:^WGT+CR37=&55)]-'#'DZB5L
M=8)!K


\SXXDH'F&0*)YM%
]P)(JG.^P0
MQ?/



(=T1SW%USG(2#
MH32JZ
IVV5FCBKYE







M?(I2578OZ43TL63X](+X?=;'ASL;I]/SO?!]]^@N@]W@OB]QCP!X=;AUMD
M+PC@/P




O[0-$]GO _'[JPHN3L.+HZW/8K(;1!/L*?E%
M]GM)_/YJ@K/S\/A$REPZN!M$$_04C$3V11/L@&GI^'H6







M;3@



K:HN8O!QZI


M1.K?=0*DAL5UL@M17Q1!XC=B]J4KB;D]S'?_B(\/I,:K0ZT*VFSY
B_J/8
MH5TFO\B^Z(^Z(S\.1$.@)U$(1$!X@.V&/9%QW0'5Z
PN&YZ( .@I#H -$!



'4FF<P=W@V0Z]Q2
1/9%$^Q&$YP=#SO'$-D-H@GZ



MFT$4P9Z27V2_E\3OKR*0
T&WMH.4OS]I@+ZL\LF7JSR-55'^*5#_KI-J$;R



MAM\WWN%S
E-E\)NZ3[FLRCSWO8?NBO9HW






R
MF-1% 7_HH4;!+
EJ]V&:1.





W=\RTTNU+!-$_3



R*D_+?(9W#
OE5D(


MT #ID2;_KI


D


M BG^=%I7-? +EP1/!0%(X1V*Z-+(%%SY[UJ!EM!Z0VLMLR)?

_X167F(\Y
M'?!#X/.]&3A:?M<=YX&^@7UC,BARS^I0;;U1M.(H!6\M2 8LBTNE!%EHGA7



MJ4:' VUQ-XQX?S%N+:#GHM8CX\,F8,QD%28!J0?9#?MI[RNKO036*J^&XX&
M]HX WLHRV1BK71^

M:[]XX@DZVU=P/$(:4UZG]06]7BR;$ M%\V!95\3/B7?/=R85;+3PA ^+1
M5C/'1V5)P*]G;(

Y& ;

=3J]X;7^1=PDK4QFB,0R6?
M$.D[-@O)'BKGR/_OCL_\1]G]Q!=7O,E!G_L^H:.DY7

H37$]VU%6.6C=_B
M*8M2 I$/3?8?#1KL!RIFRCM XXIBIX6-R;-
@Z/# 1G1;C%3. Z#3
-);.52

8_/+E76%%WL!@?

H4+L*)BIVKP*Q0E=_;
]=FFA)=2Z'R$ VHP







8T5

?Y


6[E#H!EEUQRYN:W7'8=0@NYKP93%68UY7FJ0O23?+9.,GL
MH9D6-;.YZ=IP3#B#EK#A(:(VN]_ZGT1D S_P@V==
^H69(EE'^$GDO3
&K_
MH$&G%E):BM)9=;^8CF0(WI_@PA7E/MEGQYPQ-
Z;[4MVH&(AR%&_-N6*L8
MPE]ZA(^:A']IZD%TZRZ=*_8#9\.42I?;S%6!O@UT@I-WQ3A-W&(YB9#J



)$AJ2T
M]I6-VO[X: E13UEK]Z&N&HJXE2FW3&HR0NLJ(5F
&IDA:7X)A

M A43M![! HZ6?NF23DC ;9:%7RBV)O/DF[/2OE4FGY )OYK(&9_@:;_Z ;3#


KXZ@]E)JS+.&S
MJ:\Q9I730.[!7OATKZ2Y'='06:E(6LI&?BQAON6YONQB4\^DT)\O'STP2F/3

53:9S&_JF=LSR=;6^R=%
M0A8G%*GEQ1[OIW^[05*B;$F695N$B%.U.[$D7H^G-,--(#R+D:V+?,W161?
M%NNJPJF-Q\LB6E=&PK7S_55GLI9'HHPF


5R

MKDMALG)Q+/G0FWCV1M7;UD*6I-I)DN_

M6;F2L9@=VEK46IO#9M

MH]JXA$]J[IOU(K&\J
 2
R:@:S?

MK9
)BHM




THA6M&U8L?Y





#:2#:62F3!RX;




M

MV*

WNB(8&$9O_8!A]E7]#2Q[B+$T?10EC%: 69
]4/6 9Y


E.-NE;

MH*$; .YAYR;(WEBXO[2[1P^MP1




YT/_9Q*NDZ6
M^YZ)S/U+'GWP)TKI6U#.C:U*-58.MBK=F3/:EM-K[#AO%.1K)G80!@@#R@%A

H'!+,OA3GZ.%<PC&8.]-32%S
K@@&AM%;/V 8I#!GH0N-
M=J/;5^3GQ_DTE
_RG?W3)5

?^9I%LQN







X1F[JP//.)/.\/&C

M**^!1H#R0/DGH_RH





T=SMEUP ;\ 



N6SJ*QZR0K/0]9DF(AC6NAGO+%V_$DJ:A_O]R96SSXZS6OE*AJ3G4AK







_D8G.V9H_)8%_14]

M

MAQWD$;9/-D&D^GL2SX+L\.YPXX=:^G+1GZ7J3]V=G7['V73G86=2NK-MUWX\





D3CY4N+:@6( RFR5G
3ZF(4D?M&=T[SZ@&
MCQ_?BW*0_N+[/'*G:9Q


N&L?666\5+]*?]:RF@W


PMN3NX/P/(2['K4;


M@0=!A%_JK


MYX&:M:M2!_4 N5B&\2U![92\F[%.]?3I$PF.!I[\?@_S6I7 +7%5PS5W$]=6
M0EV/89
L^T


MZJ;-L%W-(O*-J^NK7

MOX^+;E_5\P3UGKN3[:M8-\CD8D


M3Q6I3^/KQ^3 VAKB3UR/PY=)KHO8(0-;Y&ZZF&%P\6H68U0[^$W/7-O_OEH
MD]I!7&7FHRB+V6F=VY!%QWDB/E





^X
MGGLQC[YRGI1&C8O%&Y






/
DSE#;^U
MZ'_ (PK+.



V+

MCM :





MT+=&DUVK*. )9L(0


2'$9QNG.8XZP
MWD4GZ,?\[9.$?_0B4U0R/+\R+GM6WSEZD2D\X4G/_I4.]2S@0#.5_@@ (V4


X0/G(?UFRM\

!Y6+]14R

MBC@W&ID\/[[]WZ[U&:?CD$




'W2MT?$C:_$5L(0
M,!^6#LQO+^;;UK!_]$%N\ 1=9E.P]N5QHO\QB=-4+)-X%F3ZS26=#%Q:X;P



M
'L0@($$

'A+4!_H#_




T7
NKN7@?_DQ#D

MSC6;B]
;^[&+Z.-$_RF1Z7PI
_$I?PK21V+$RGV'.S((Y2_59WFT
*&@C;
MT'HQ/81O\



U?.9;ZH;RZ'D9

M8Z+_


.DC*]#%

M&.$


BZ=_M&#;O #P/]9



TRR8W=:[.SZXMV5GIG'H']C]8_OZ

M0[ZG1
A/U)WY4F8B3\F!LKD4LS@
XQL+KJHE,!L)8%%*0$11+(TMHO7KQ8


LW6SRHLR]Z_U=_R:
MO8+HB+MN5'MU^8UZWY5+ME
V@)[C!^DR)M=B+Y/_R8
E!]
'2?/&31(VB)D;



MRJ(W\7WTJ'0IO2P@.RAO(F'0'VQ #//J_DJ$U+:(?I_E82GT(&7=LNRVW4ML
M4;274V._:(J

7E







M2^0LI)Z_+6W(#ZXK*RH

MZG
UG:KNX*G4T%VF\FWUQSM134IWRU*

M

T+ _3F^IEI2
=<R<9E!

3/?YJKY%WZR
MFA.MQN3YIE:4X#LO4X*_H[LG-\E#
?1EWI[299F\NE7S6&3\Q60HA45A?*.F
MFA@S2$I?BWG2U: ]?ZTJ))*Y[W4^4/164)FV(D
T:96E62@AJ*R3@FF26J


EXWHOK+-2LDU5
3I33J$%2SK:JV5(WK2;.5$L7=Q9+[+ I6Y%(
MYYF*&Y4'-8WH7S96410A;UF=P06

MAQ[FJG-5-[386W2?-]4[=L7D_E1:[-*3C\V42C:]=;-L_C=$Y*&YG9D[-N=
MD8--Z4ZV\V[/E!T J4T,L=]=V.,+#20_Z'?Z]S:]?)'5^'7IJG6#QVCG:ZX

MMA;@-=W0TIB+S]R'7Y2[FX6YZD;^3L/AV_0U!Y@ZI838GVQ8ZF:BG1_EHN






D96$8W%P++-*T!L
RY*@@LLY=ECAXF!LNTS87 
DUK




5U
)*[!'.RX6O
M@#9 &] .:.
Q.ZLYVJD+M ':
$38H V-M0/:V$T;71S3#E\!;8 VH!W0QN&T

9(W&]HXQK2#DUSAZX[GI7*1S-Y%O

M;S3  -V;+N\T
=3I6X/AT1DNG*&-S@#8AZ6;(7QS8;]G#?I8[05G .S#THT3

@'U8NG'-QGVAPZB?3B#
M@;/S1E.)/K?0_I
W7&3[$V^K

RC=+
1A8P=V]%/


T(WK
Y3:%.=B?
MX42B_RR]./+=Y%;$LYE

:)+Y-*



MR3!D3R6;6GTN;4Q]K@RYJ)LA:PC=92K?5G^\$Z7U=;NE\=VK**'NK1Y35GIT

/-^*9JQ79
9 -X'LT^6YMW
MR*3N47_(92)3\L541.1W:18G4ECOLJ,?$.X81C?N)$GN9+GE6T1.@IZJ9N

T2X)IK@[6BF1V$R=?+2X&NB&'XW^SN:3616\\=QED


M$Y(QH%&W^-G+)/Z37L-O=+KVD*YW^8


MC3#

D30@?Z.71OTCQX&.%H+M:#&+M[
9IS0X'OB?




M YK U6;K P[1O )67.VLJ7H1^'XH&TD:NAU[_/A]:(VD

]G MP




.(*9* 3$AZ$#\5N*^
.NU1O9VBG$#$?0



MAJ$#]T^O$-L:'E_. &=HHS

M7Q^_QM$;STWG(IU3!]]






4J79UJ89L-J6'K+&K6M,%V86




MTW]\RPUHN!G?5*W8SHAL 









#PW
MC0$
SU.9!(8C@*$NVM NZWUF
$1:#/#3R-VXR@G@IXLV$ FV0F
 P_-4)H'A
MKA7] $
-7$N_?35?M%)-'\&?TA%0L[:M'J$YL1M2LW;YD2MC$UYU(+)YG*=N



/031.^L: _L
:#7;M;





W0CAFPOY
M0T ^/ &0#T
W3?C&0OX3!]S@#6WT!L ^#-T(X0/V-5


M;O &P#X


M$FVV1=A7L^''^324PNF\.._4!3R-0_\H!1VKC??^GWF:25]\_O'O?^N-W[T7




_&)7&X5

CJZ5P1#
M&E@]IBQ.Z0SZVV!M)\



B1G6G;.^(+/:\



E$
7^T/I$A2D\V!9K%<(
MU -5; 5@ C!I!$PS+5K1=F#:&M!0?L-!39X0.M#/H7N3YL'# /&T@:A]8X#U
M54[/,BHXUJ$1NR11?]%A!G^L=?\<_</_[52./'XJL6_PA4^(E3I4/'^_E




R%#H
1MW7+M!6$4(Y8@*O96B@^S6*L:\/8^50&\L



X9P
#[E2S#6^NNN)4[+]U;
MU7LR_\)&E3L4@I/\S:W@WDR)-!6 K



DF2?)CBV9GL
22 H.YFY9&

MF(-^J:R] HK_%]^0)-[$,@4$D2Y:K&*%.@!Z693\'4WK.)5Q;C!D=9BI+(


MS?QM


DJZ@^

+8
)HN^*
.OOE$@Q5@PE;=QV5
5I\6A
M2B8HUU#\G*8
AK=Q7MQQ/T?9Y/UM:*;0/:IH.\UY')'1FWM)L1Z[?YZNH(C?
M$*[20
4/S*4)M][:2! VG)\)]9IIA1
:MAM*%%0[LGE


%A

9


W;(\?W;9-,W+Q _U4 1_54E7R3!8*$LK
M




MV;L2N-



15$MYUELW<=47GV.8
MS?*05S:H6TS-G;5S%CV$;RYUV&-K,#[Z4&RX0RO= 3D#+-T,X1L,_([5<WN
MF2[N@%F$$XG^I^B:FA(G:@$3)0M(FS7Q #V$;S0A#/J8/8 [(!. I9LG?'.!
M?V+U[*

VK(D7Z%\@SFA
M:_4'/?TT G? I( 9PH:E _@;T,APC*E@77P!4P*G7EP=&]Y-0&284T\0 _A
MF\L&E_;8&@XQ.-2



=)
L=7;CT/AY_SROG0AI@(\U

M81!'(HO%*]OI]%9?N)GX*#VYF
I$]&Q+\ '9U
 %NX(O;H)LKFX8[;MAW!%?


M+PGSPUS]270VNG=MD*:Y.@_)BXE7O]G7[Q+FE04E!5=%\?TW%D_@#MZ7G+NU

44M04'/
M?N 1N_H%_DXER3+B6Z=NJ
Q_%5






MGB(%$]=GCJS!H*^?0HQP!%W7JZML'L*&I0/RVPCYCF6/ ?E (4 ^+!V0;P3D

^$.

M% *F





M_

M*6PW\1W=>$9S_P>?95VUOM&6_/UO8\
M9U#!R3ZB):+B8IAJ5-LK0$V:DW%_(O+\Q]:M KI]^9;#QSDUS7&)7(T.47



-UZ0Y/+.W:NW+MU;?F5'*.PK(VNFH%DH




M._C?S;1F
X/9DN0TF7%@


04M2 .#61C
ND\;W?4\Z@:@%^--U73






M9X'U[+HP;GI=W[TN#CX^716^O1H


M;]0HENO'&#\/B^00R&FL?J .4$=/U+F30N:)-W?K81MO49Y?Y$O9_-Y'++S

44*9 M+5M0H@

9/U(QI
M)OU(ID^O


24


+Z6K*$H4UPFE
MQZ7+!RR].]DQT)




MH&[B



YVM5,(@!_ #^!OF_P!_/KHHM^S'#W'?DXTYZ(S%C4*_$/#@!]C/4:.]1P
M



S):R!]3\0!_8^2/^7C-%&(P




M?\=Z^

M.QG6PQCK$!B- _J;(G^#1^/&@'YX Z ?T&^H_
V%_O$(6Z# &P#]@'Y#Y6\N



MP(R$
CUT5 QB/(N26A@!CS;.7K.Y]F0[0$%U9$-GG02I3SL-6V. W3%,O-




TRR8W3[0/6=']T[IW;_EB2=
MNE=R04U0VQ&-WJ7#U(O3]
@CH0;^?1_-[Q-@U3$
S$+(C?RJWBR
_R*IK


R3JO9$3O#




M-L
P(


M_!Z9**M3&-
._GW%I_;YF!E=$5H\OC&^5P*X^\YVKL6S4F8Y'.\HPU2K+C


M )&[R65K\'M[N&!78KPOZ



MD8_BO^]+2B1V#1F1F(_I!46DSI9&QD*Q=%*$7%Y(L$AVRU=R$SP97/
KTS*]





MU@JW_=HSO\U3 B^1J 8IJZJ%'AN1T9:XYDYHHD8[R


U-%;)SPC@


\0Z7



M
^7U))$



M1

M_+_AX19&023\&/


H2L


#YNZVL[-^=;=/MP

@G+'EP&1G*


S6H

M&2^4:UG?Y&%P& ZKO@_IF2+7O!KF^AHP

KP6(

M_&GD7TY&P7Z2Y^4?0E*.Y[);\-ZU'=%R(V)CT8GE5P&$YLMTP)IP\#AX-A?I
M=IG*X0:0
W1WJ]*9M+GVQF/EHS&1E.\_B/BTY3CBR?=TO
_ =;*D

#KE7K QM[KQ1BY
M&(W6YW\3)U



MHN6[.-).[9%P WS



WZR(


^FW4CEA0



M/^9;Z5O=$*7Q(
@1=CI




M!^3O:P_[P9A[]F_!S(&A/9D8


;U*Y-9[J($HP-
TNIUL^R]:X]7:W=4=#_KNA'N)OU.%OP-\ Y^%O





2+55-F*-O!

M3-F3[?P(1.CU;WW+;Z_\+GQ[L&+H_CFDQ=3T/;' /7%%C);#IOK.=\-R_R_
M0&0W@XX



HQ
M@J]^3WR=7JCM8J6*OP!;SC-49G[$LF*+QCQBX1]?Q#32AHE;(*;T JM!#F


1/+53DAV7#N^

MY\4[VN$:UJ7I6'RE?*@S-1_^ /TYW*0Y5(HMI'7#??RA3RGUL9R.U/R[\N

M0%B@H6!9^!9U\84C?_




M=L
51L.)'*N]LL'CE6?TQW$'W)!!W/)NQ)Y#?YQIB)
1!]/?'2]7SJPLFE^N



MY

0*3HC5



4/
P?
M2D=PR
S9ZKH]#GU20==50-[V/1/?(QTGVYILC%.-.5=[9S4QM9*Z\94NW&._





_\F&57)3532?
P=J2!!
M
641_





CR

ET8_B7^5JVJI
M5.+1B+CJ

M.DM-_*5TH8=[$1/4\.A9NC^X#(N+FV
S;-


N



7F6=RNL
ME[MF(_G=!JF;@+*[%7[]=MT@YN(/NW +'/N[$]08-WV!_[$5_]=S@N697(&Y

=TFE\-V7
HJ0BE21=!R=-&SK*4#ZR@)1Q 2HJO[J_*O^^_?))

/W
/4P.
] _



)\3
:









M0J:+D/JA+EG/%EK:&JUGBD+$6$2H G#S'K%V62


MJU
_9EFKJGJCKE:;Z06ZR#/GTS8@T
V: P#4\V
9 #4#0(T
 $H.J/LV 9=T
MM=2LJ'H%

 +HDL^8 
/)L&02

$6_R#MB^M-J#IM2



MOS_W;J[:=_W_5MK_\[4S^

GND:5

%QM1.%C)=?[^[:W8&R$J]\2*H#Y][5


);#]

MVJ$T+ZBHPVUS
R\(@V\3AUR1#5I'+H-5-+7)XZRZ5B634
386VH5 XR&SYH#



DBY([8K5K/4WC^WEK/S:MAO3X9YV&]_8O-3
]?

0Q+[JE5W8$IH7!6*KU&@ K@!7 &A=8(W/^8P/K


C



Y&%DOE)R#B9ZJPN52CU9:

UOX5GUU&6WHYJ?93^.!#IN0#_:6HOP5
RT'2BTE\
M(%5\I-KEG
9 JCT;%'PG&TA%0UJ*T8= -2W8XD\LI-^8*#/#'/%;4X;&S/2


M-D5I\5!

M.H'


M!B2\U[W/$&H55:MMVNF^Y03OIM.@\NSDN1PRQ-*%







.YVKRH)6ZT



8I5:IJHZ:KI6J%S(2'



MF;(_W!R2!@$02D8A *%GP3% Z.DAM)X80I/FU1M-M=DLJ7HYO40!$#27]@ (
M2D8A@*#GP;&8TSL H2E:

M(E?01L
!:?Z@/2]5IZ?YTNGIL\F$$_X3LYAC3%K6J#6:FI;I\AOPS$?6_CEC
MELN.EY6O5$NJ7D.K'F$IR]8R #F)6F8@)VW^ #E31$ZM%!E
E@9R)DW&-RMJ





MQ] 

.]K#P
M$//\TQX6'J)?5-K#PD/,T#[F L?07_(/AI=#TZKZ:6+*D$&];P'YBA^#OS7
MMT%KNOM.52SFH;)(1VU0%B@\0_;;VUK LN#^5

7.I\8! : $8 @@\:F=

^I5M+5
M



4+
M77




^

O]R/B-
/]] ^

M-54O-]1J@TX3X[[DG_SD5F_'Q4 *F!H'29 P1-$4$C(] R0]#L_)556]4
M5*W4 (*2D$8@:(&--!4
G-B9M(!H7$@-#)!+3


6DL DTD'R]3K
VU??LX8\'


27:YJJI[@[#I 
2 8D Y*)ZA(]2$XXM@:8G!B3HW/BTL3D%)KL


X 9L$F4F /
H
T?


;+;* W8/;CK527:V7

P.3G9R&PY4XTQ%9
MF[++XPK]IUO;D8Z5YSGF_=SSCW'=2D-W7I4$C(@[648#H%Q4FPY0/G
& I1/
M#
J1I1Y'!65R=0:@
E Y/Z0G:M2!RN?.P&0330#+28L3D1TB1T5E(E4(8#'E



M #!=$0
 $V(& /C



QBNQ0

BIM[/G-/T6!QRAHL8<G(RFS9^'G&C07M@!# S %&




*'\/D X9S8$($S4A@.$SYV!F.MQ
?U;/5KP')A1
SBPQN/XI8]

M2ML:@)#$T2&;3 3

.Q^#T 
/G[FMA^




Z42V
F

WMGF:+GME_'@^
MYJW^6H&@D-:MYSTP1[FTIS.'/3#+-1^9TK&&]I1E;O!@R&#(:+ D$T.VP6HA
MC[EOUA]&K(!&;*N:Y%[\8;W.FGU$TO:(-.G9MMS+/AW3A0CR]6YEVS
F?JOR



H:V\G$*[




MY-K)

528!TH1D D
XE2)=J .FD

M!D0#HO





'@+P]E2SA_
MX@QW.L7%WH+B:K8C'O8X)@+D3'PXL[D1.OV%$%=SAS/@ECFF/?+/;
H_]GQM
M#A5\=

4;J1&D(?T]K F&1$^TTC9$!KH&KAF -4





ME@(!SDO NW]PU4%1+S]-]54-^]XS0CR6J-##E%RVV @U3D
;
=-8!  K0N



/HP^E&S&D/HP\Y+P+MWM8

M&VV[S\//A==KJJ9CZ(-B29J8 DD/




MLE$0 'R7RHF80X\F[3H1









IS1)V?WAND

/.2\[65W&P^&7Y %V#SBT!KR#EL




8?1A]*$/FM(?1

MGO? '%'2=M@#LUSSD76LH3UE-[;K!D6UL*8F2VK^E5K6:*7 MJR?=YG7&P^
MGVD=!A\.Y]


MGE_ZJ^F 0 S@!E' '

M#--BH[;A6)RK;HJ=UU6U7--4O50A
\H

PBVCN
M3#B:*[ # #*GE_@#) F7/B%FP P RIPI?X R0)ESX@A0IL 
 

M



M9I7
 ?$/1+B;@E]&Q' %9#X8$\X=5T?
M0$^*N+N7R?IXZRE*X' VEP2%EB;0ZQ=/T8'K#TVUC9/AK6MT<;M\
EQ5R^K
MI7I3K93K %^Z(@GPS25A ;ZY!-_5PX4 WV

 M

M5()V HA*B!E 5
+
B1[%!:(F1=3H#*F
$/754[B[T'57.%M1*]6FVBQK@%\2
M
DK4J !^3$#\$N8.='#N(#?D&&9SNP'KA#4%N *(68 5P@S)]+Z U@!K! @
M/DEE :P08@9@A3!S N %8K$)ZDL@!5S L$&8.8 6P0I'X))4%L$*(&8 5
MPLP!K*36VK!Y6T=*K0V'-2342FJEDMX).&!FNI8@LYV5Q3OL)M31L(;RL)O#
M7





M [H FU\$6D/.8?-A\Z$+6=




M1-KC6 
1-K#YM/B!W0!-K\(




DE0B@0XL? !W:_ 'H '3.
MB2
DE0B@0XL? !W:_ 'H '3.B2






!AACMWG@_MC=
JJE9K

M5X#R


 (K09DZDEP#L




3.^L_?W#C-^O#?&_D^&),G
MX]E]H_QZ-(JN/*3XY)$%/B#?O3T9O;SR-OHGI.[U7;O_^;8]4)5.]_):76O


A84






-K#WD/RT5^60LJHHEV4*.:




0'+8]94K]C/?([L9UGQ;YW[0ESA\P:)CZBC5P[ZF@%QK7(

ML=E4]69ZJZZ@QCE48X 7I+YXM =XQ04O[5#P2II.U)L:#[UPI(R&X*!=
4OJ
M7[&9P_5)N\5PQHIQM1V///_T+-(2%(T![ %A?8])? MJID+6O46E&QH\UW


1D.(T
68)?57%4X
;1RQ
M
7



(R%.1+4;F :I+Q[M@6EQ
2TR+20=3$M\]EJOJ=5R!9A&


]%


A



[8]BD9&S!Z#8P?E&'M:IC1H&]M$0)J*Z#42#





4E\\V@/
0L\C#6$BJMM -$A]\6@/1(N+:#%&$.Z+:
F3D
U&@R
:
V).5+\-RKRR6:&V'I\#L:^H5&D-=YBE#PWU0QA/[R55FCOUH
MCMA(N7]6[,72%*$SCP=E+H^9Q ^9)ZB^QKF0IKNX&[ZGB+I'@H$254_#0DS
M7HN
2.$&X)+K_VV@^!^?O[ILM+*^I;70_2-U==;4
O^G6J%3

M&$/RKO=$;3G ^






9SI9D=(GJ8#$&BLIS#V# ?<SL.@ Y'/G(% Y-,B<OU8B'SPO-$CI(!
3?X6A7.G%B8^SX5<A2J=T:0^I!X2 .80<^87( 004DC*
M T*H





MP8KVS)^QZ-G*;.X
.]#%T7'&)E;42JVD5BITUEML0DJ-@(Y2'WQ: \XBPMGD;W-

MMM


9%.1498YRZ;1Z2G7QM<'+0]!?ER%,)R Q?[1T/1+6(KA; ;
MTV)N;^SKVI&V.NNJWM344K.)A@)$2*JT0A[(/7%HSUP+Z.159O)<2QI&F[
MFLJ_1_P#&


%(RA%&-V=#]VK0
:\B?61DSYBHSPQPIIB5TSF*^
HM#TBL)2:3F
MSP_Q4&O+'O&B






MU1IJLTZG.0183




MAV8$'45 5S 'Z'H\=(T


MV9[1J3



MI3T(#2'/-^UAWB'YYY/*(3SY52^)+!TYX@^
G\Q59H8Y(I? +X3P$ZV;H.01

MKJ6JKJDU0D





%PF:N8EF(



M':?%K*Y6ZQ6UJJ77) TMSV?1..]:39?R^9=Z8!L53NR/;9']3:EC6])&M$:U

M\2=$^?Q+/8P_%4[L7_2NK!6]E_%U;_Q'$%T/[$L96_=%:'VL-08-M82)FJ\*
MD99MANM73YR.Y*^.S
=MBC1D8IC=ZYJT]LQ_7WNJ@3EEKM)E3\J=/36LM3LZ
MPE5]









%7A[)^/

QO9

MS/


LZ'O
MX_DQ<V





MF4@W\+!0_KR
Z?DM&#-QJ)[?





ZF

.ER$(\%ZDNP-M
M5^ZY3O$8XKNOEUS9[*E$73^EX(/3?
:_88F?@A:/(KGN8Z7[4L:%3F^E3BV2
M M]*G:\R?+DQQVP'48)OV?HE'Y\'SS/6^FFZX5NOYXYEBOH'?]NU^5-60KZP

'@



 MC?.\^K:]
MJ/8DH@-FO6@ZN/S&ADVM.JZ


C);=Z Z' TNWZ6 X &;H




YL;[GGS

_




M;K)B/FE








GQOI$[.9Z(


*TP9^?X3PE9UIZ&WP/.)$0BC$K;  TN
MPE5P@UOH)#$-M2*FIC&?$E/O+%V4%2MDNR*0N' \9VD8
4LK 


M4*C:V1$MYGM@?S)J\*?RG5D0.(LX=N*VRAY
)9]

7'R- C%

Y*&#K !U(&9\=2F,'4I,2\0=A#
'+LDH\'_ @A19]OQ,)KJ$L%S,8Q*L
M %48TB0AGHD#RDSVW!H[0\2/D:#3@P5@F#Y;:+MF,I5F&<.+-9$B8!4\IV
MV9$[D8DQK#+UP7SQ@@AU;C/1J3M
\M\C/ *HLNRKY:SXY
D9)&G!L:7R/07


Y@#UO.,U,1Q82'$AHL@L#2
M1_%*IN\"N1!*M D]L&HAQHPZP 3NQ-V^! L=T_4#*G$B]Y1'QIE6U12F37






V G8V-#X9L)SY@ /2P_5:!G%E!Q9LFRA&^9TLWD-+/*!0M;8P:


W82\?X??_U+

.?F !AO8:OO\EO25:46OLMYJNZI9N:#8K;+]C)










M @M9P
*0 2OT#G
?)1QTJX$@4F;SX:K


M

//@)_\
;IO;#'SCI3GN@GL:
M/#G6HCN+T,,WB1;F2A@U,+8%!?V[OFG XIAG*W?($P]XVGXD?D:3IZ=UNRVM
MT^ZM..PIFV#7-!]*#N(K:%70JJ!506MUT%KH2R4EM*XOD;@96O7N0.LO.I#
M0T&K'(JJ[I7T*J@54&K@M;JH+7095!*:.TGT-HO:U&6^OHAM9J=16TRB&B





9^3:K7)/EWNMJ@





MX6NGU'9


M#KS6HWVJV3 =)C&*OU/+?P1Q W;=3YS9#









+FX_D_O?/]W?


N+_C!' [-C=CJ-P;AG-SI6VV@
C5:W

MI?BO?VD//I 

M8X*!)2[DUAB%WSWZG%I@S63F^.\'8:LM.9G

MJO9JF%&K


G#


M6Q/?A9N_TB#X;++&K#[M_ZJ6]3%W?-J


M
76B&!8;(@K


ML#IL
@[\*4$NSBAC)0G].+ H1KDF#CPC^_ U#S3#




M XO_BT0)9OE8U

M

MT4I.T5M



%YC*\]

N@0
CH4NX!@'2FQD(V

M^*[_J%2[[&M








UP1. 4I3AQ$2ODK]VC-SSD2+

87P-%!J WBIFWC;N80IJ51.XL?(;Y

0S\*UET\'Y[BVB!-&
-PB#/$M\#WXTV*RS/KT</F_\;+7@/7JS& U5Y&3 3QJ'T1
M+0;)$WJ&%K6[@UZ[T1NU!XV.;@\: \MN-2QS0(W1T!X.AZ^
+1W_:-



U@CLJQQY7C=F% C/^] Y1:*PWD]QD+?M_Z3?;P


SJ^0-Q\]\J_8G8L48
9B8%[*N_O?V2\-

MHZ!HR$P8TV/AYB19 MWG-O\SR7H :HI)

PG


M@)45N^Q0R\J#@6GLGNT99S
W41QPL9#V)/+/C[HLQ




7W)++&5V' YN1:[AF!QU L?S0I$-/QQ



^G[=S
MT&2Z%Q S05N!QR+OL !#I+




'X\QA1J9_0S[R(F/AA(+BN7@6UR&FTQVG.+U[E9IF7KD
M4F!9%J=Q&S#MQF@3




MY(*+G0T2R ]87*__(4Q1B7D!'3N&@0K+0:34L(2+Q(Y8NMFF8\K**:WRI#&S



6$UCQ%!-HK*0ZB?## ].3=,WT[)F7UK[C\@[&(9#+EV9).ZFB:A+EG$A

9UL^RPKUR?/?NRBE]R.
K6(\LPW=+:11+9J<(@?,C%<LI%RS1&=F(
M892DDH(GA23Y)4[\\$5



M
-[D)2Q/V
9E#[ UR2JGB*$;76/(#\AESL5E#DVEEA2#O004ERP7?HZ?13<!022$0L0
MQ$FLN



M4 ='U







$2F(75/5(P?Q!UM0
M7]D38$^LSWO-V1.5;IYUK:




:
MFG

4/E:)C]VJ\+'DQK[3USKMEH)'B:7IG11!\PV[

KD/%%-@.H&$3*J*P48Q^: ;(WDFGJGO
^EEHAR_(:9


MT_QA/J
BO\'![/QT&I$'#\OV+]&U



MP[:N]5O5&2@JQGND+MVQ4:UH;^@VW1\-DQ)IT+!LUQ-M
 !$[%3GQ59H


M



NFWA4$




M0I6_PR!K26=#^OD]#5=-Q2RRBV[Z0(\&_R+=A^/'(I
9H*9_?/@I4^!
6!



66H;6&G8THU/=@0*%
MM[+G






:7;IF&&;K.:QUS62J*K7TEKY+\*.K=8=#K:L7RRMINUF4(?S
MZ)09))0IZZ9J:_V!KK7UXN$:)E;EB=,NE.4Z.G'Z7'Z)8EC:)V.KG56U 3!


#4R7WVM/'<\)

M\[
YV&FW:&C0Z_4ZG85*CW6B9G1:E;3H@5P;=]N*0<
U_!'$'X&X;FF2


ZQHJR+DKK**U3
MAQ(A2NLHK:.T3HVTCLIN.9P:NH_
B

M*K+SF!J[\.POOF6ZA5H



M'-NU;&:_J^G#8A5D^02LIJN[-G6+9/4^WN#A9(]5
J1ZK;-_UJKV&N@*A;?UYH#V[/$VRUK<C K0IP
MYV17P.X9Y*2IO!6MCPUA;<*;T^?@PIO%=X.J\3;
TF=.RV\/9*R%^[]WUB7

M[+(N\-C%'19I++JV8VMET[
H@0\V'5/0*S8^ FX+:10V20G:YSN;I(0NLN+8


MNL

M &0Y:
-#J'T1+3^ CD9#P^ZV&T.];S0ZH_&X
1B:PX8QMD:T/3;;9FO\9D.?

HU3 RHSCR
M@SD9\W*0&85
 J IZFN\\-*?SDQOSO(C^A]0A,.LL=U-TTQ/5D@V8']?SZ


MDZE+'[S_0_O\D9CD\^B\SU9W_3^4NHEJT\UR6SU00K9-1;CF.S8%5=)'




MK@&T5K/=48 FAV2]4TG

MM
?V.)A%6QD4J9Z[0357D8
76:8BQY((D4JFJK?ZK(60RTK\^F)7^0UQ?Z_@





?DQ[]--V:V%S%=UW\V/6MGE^D^

MI7.#VYUF5Y[D8 6K$F4




!LHE=5SUC5&$BO






ME2).1)R03/V $M?Y0=TYO
CT8-01_A&1$-0]/#A@P.$'[(5BJ.DP'08*F=&2


N&0
0^ $0


H[A)4_%
SW$?#0=

MF47&B!_1*2Q0 QB._!M@((@Q/$1%4#@A&SQAPOP2E9T6%C+6=8]W+?NPY7
M5@X\'@P
MO0(;
%G3(+8 AAH$G&7ESF[+4H=$U VY)\X

MOY^8 ?UDAM3.7G#IAU&EN_ N;
#;FF%45_) J8&S5 
*\)2DUX/XG=KVXBD/

MT@WOL-?5NMWJK 2UC


H?V;Z54PZ0X-E
M!Q]]H5G.J]OTECTOW=6
01O^+W]WNCJW[#U:U%G!I;S:6
&EY SJO&CZ*[@L

^9:@67L@:W-SD :M-E[G:I#X5
)3CKQ@M9



M=8U@9IW&.J]C'3G3FY.):9
Q!35ANL0KM'XB;]%+8K0^W-Y]87_I']X1*UOK

M@OE71J-=JMH




_X@ R

1\HB ]Q$D'DD
W
F

MHB0.
1_(!\$; ZG(!O+_'
'RG\4!S5)_T


V)-

I(C+@3$A7_[




5R%=&DVN4A9_B-5X)70:WQ)47L7I]Q(1U#_3S

M.& $&9.9'0D$*'\!TSYPQ2?\5^E)7]0L,I_]U)H/0GC0%*GJ*\N;W.26LC
MI!9*[+



@TNQG

/'




\H\[Y4DV#
M !5J]VY'@-0D2*8Q@]UL8Q10\T?#'



MUZO;!T:1ORVMCH5N:.NM/VS+B_Z@H]'0L+OMQE#O&XW.:#QN#(;FL&&
K1%M

:@)XRD
GZ$$8
+8Q^.MX?O76K;5


M]

2R$K^^#9EW0*W



OA
8!0SW710%[X<2LBLN(5@@=V


MFS O.H4I!'1F1H&35E9/FB* **$





3&S$A7V#0 3
5.1L

]DLH*RO$
5DOGJ

MDHV\MP
DW&P^MV2@+_31=




M6:%IURNQK&19LZYF]'M:MZNP3!()4M'IH^^4)X[KTH#MA^5S%ZGML/+-U8/X


8A3('M?'F=%Q8LEL\/I+; RNE6
YU6UJWUU=@)H<(J9CPL;?&UP%[IGRN(;47

BZB-7V5XE^38FO
M\&LK_.JV6I7@5\D=;Z?5U?IMA5^22(T*!A][Q_LM\)-&/TD; /F\/VKWJUQM


M#N
I



V7L%8)IH6=5UD'0A!^ED(




YTR4T/5*2&C
B64@-EM/*6!8Q4_
MYSXN8+BM&\LP_)F.HL].:+E^& ?T 8;WR?6M'R]L?%MZ2\_L@&EHF3.D Z
MO]/Q -LOHL5[_[ M+_JC15OMSJC;;O2'7;O1Z1F=ACGN&XUV9XQUQ%M#JS-Z


MR

M



M+A.0+^Y$Z3W#@\G$?*)
O8A:[ 04H..!B)LA_WZ%1)/1G
0SO!+5S
+^VX$Q

M\.-UFF0;=O8WL5




I)3'X4S5GF]_LD
G?!^!DK#OO/^+2CW_06Y**@-QWNU

M1*-WL6@0@
/=2%S(LC]-B?T2.5[-ZB81J;WXVX\QOT37L54R6Z4KTZ0\D)


I
MF)3P[D^)=7%I8@PEFA]VCY.GG-':1#E_3
1&WI*,Q .(CNLR\@BQ 
M
_\T81!.4+V8:;I OW$?B-0&S
MB]%




MB7
)-#8=P9
PR


S'-H
VW1L


8S?TN.TRHX+8M
M-R%Q5WH3NB
?0-Y2W
8O&4YET'HS!3JM313P*#.Z8A@TO!*$CR]@XH1AS+2E

)0JR!_A_D5HB 5



M/[U*N2=.VB2BY?9;OG@%IX_(XEECM+-DF3WSR1/-) ZG0[ .!3M]1TJ_


M^



MC

%G[-:3
MHIA=LH(4WZE'GTT7*;)5)&;33,<8_EXYTR;Y1TS%F<&T]T=K@J
UINA[\&J
MF]O#AO&E@.OP

MOH3!?%QBRRSF@!P59[!F9L S !:CAA]QRPRT9#D&BR2$)(2_2#O8AQ]IUQH:
MZRSL3F'7DY?*\&[


&D%$N]R3I
A2\^$V??

M1HMM.WW6$D[0'Z1@Y(1@9&_Y&?MR-!V[D58^J92=5Y4O-Z8^3B@)B+T%--0@





MB_;RG0@_3^1&CPZ9F;#@60\EUMLO+47)2G)A8O:4FEC/B75E2L].N0YO?.70

M]GA-2H6

M28C9!R&^G'F19PC91LMHR9=2I #[D


RETZ0QI






MY^=2DP.KTMGYRG-2SS


Q.V=%*Z734:.[<=8<\IH







M+GZ9.0)\&0?H[WDASEWVS$RGW\5S



MU6BE=DQ'



M%YY]3X



$1F5
&?




MD0
8(CM7F%5^D7/8ERM#1/E%3L80Z6]OB#Q

MMLW14.0Z1GVKW:FU31.74B/.#? (C0V*%=_#M.)[MC6!XRWU
)@%OD7#

MWAY'CNM$\]6/:2ZW
-B)/COU*]BY:P)KK'-L-EW2(#*!!_X84QO(I3^=F=[\

43DH#^&3N


MMV5/@%E

?.&0A?;K@7KKL8KL\N,Q\#RA\THJY#D8O1
MQ 1N14*(\2HGP$?/0%)0@$; !AP5CZ


]8#N]]21]YGX[P8@JH&5T\FT 4^\%GH;QO

[#*

MVT?

09

1$8\

MW_1:]VNDM!=U5MFJDQEMW:J,VM3ZN[=O\H0A%),(=!P9%;NIW\] I0T $(
M22'A8S



1;F3BFCV%@&;C'2617CRXO$SSPN.!Q








SP 0P

MPC





Z\G\##E9LR#H7EDXAQ;

M8V

MC&Y5 A*TI*ZB2*WV)L N(+/4]%UDF17%B:;4;72D1F=3@%(0*5(3=I'E5CPX

M1#P-5*3F]Z=0'ZLJ1H+J)^1T.:HJBQU-IS\7-XN^7/+LJ03E'O5UIUJ=-

8]UUJW^:%GA=

9K%V




EZ=\=F T?*?28F?#Q'7^CVX
3Q8K*D!%9

M^9C&ZZ:6FP_6KG$ML6*#/



\=F&^BB\1

^
9$EM!CW^)AXRNU+/;_X5;+9**/KP_2O&G\

0=)BPN)/(4X79
:R


_](9WO?\F?_#M#G-+@S$_!19E
MTUDCT
/EO-PX#IA1[UY2'4=/


MX_QJ84#V=1E:


M!MTDE?;86B;3?QNQ #W+'J[0'G$KACGC^J'44@7$E14]XM$O^07X3M6\OD


MF3KAW=

IN7]5'V^(QX/544S
M@AYXG( R)LF-)+-+8_%W3H%SJ



2



MY33;Q\#W?
UFHB&:3^ZHSJ?YI*Y(A
WPS[6@ 
\9%G=!1_($GXUIPET:PVSO



6_WW:=F





M

3+9
AO\'/_)L[EHBX

M8
F+XY6T-^SU:=9:Y1UDC)Q^NA54IZ\=;L6H*-=R99+G/DD-X=;5AA'6E0G[

M%
_.3U



&6*

M(L_Q%4GIEC?#1U@YRPP?F?
:T+L*)BZJ['&&7VB&O[DKVS$X5+Q)?Z/6*6_7



M&=;(G%&//-!7\N3


M\H]



7J;)4

MEY;@.ZJB2@VEG5E-:HTQ[E$8-GF.=((^34!F4]]/PCGX]2MUN4AL0&TN9!+Q

MYO 1\PIF)K]1C1]:M(7]D6=NCXXOB-'0![.2[1@UD %&6^


U@82)C:7./?HC_^$BB
MB90L1QD?@4I#C7:MI6;;KU%*TSI;IEU*)3P%A@1EYT%A)CXGE+J[4].R2W
M+\ZY.H5LS(? _1E(L-*X -ZCR+4Z.@\

OL?0A&
[)B'
1SCT_N_19\RD9

M81$=;B(46('=9[YNJLU#[+9L'&VK9YT(G(#OL#W4*G G_R$
:KLIM1OE
MM08X5G\FW$:(I%Y)^2.IGZ\SP!'YO)%E8P
)%I-,PO@JD7H?),1*ZN/:+A([R1X<032$;\_'%E7*4-#VJ?U&-(4@D:!#


MK0L7#(^W]P#I]83;/*J(



MO/37+'NK7P2M@;M




M%8C'81XGD[RMP-NZS.





MVE?BFLLK R1D=$$) 1G]Z!F5$^WW1C8_9=6_]-/9$\0N1M6_45
:2.CBVB\2

5_U/0NL5JOHWWWUJU]0#J_Y(:5?FD4AIHB(B4MH%SU'/0F95

\C!C]2FE_XC6HNH:!28^LO38_


 $(\+G_!\%2CS4TZEEL5 ('FWQ.@JR^.N5D.B#%OC.
MQRC
 HTM+E'/\1_?1Q/DV.#M ZUR+#5J/6ZNQNQK4]J74#%W:]4UK[V%


M7$7#(E&5DTZ28-Q3. '2+7N7
L?/Q8'5O[F.=YSDQ_:3J?=F0=J*U)'KPG2!
MVP5#B#)GI=N]((/*0#ZNNG+2N0KDXS+R$(WC4O-YDA';:5M]]TF%&65Y^[20





M3^'MA_!


JI



MS 77T^C5.5Q/JJ0T5:G13N^]V:8GI48./2I;+BURS35E$#8F!9MW*7EE_^2/




0OIO\V8N8U@B?];

M6H:'\Z

'$LRWGE,(GK,6
M5F =6F1AI,9A23@N,O']OAC,\3PB!&X(1S!W.*56C#+Y3,3CU0KY%FCUK\


MB?[9%[]5[_QL!4$I10H9=U]?N6@%*\5OHD6Q.^6OB&9;X)6R]
^)R
P 2+


RBES=WFE6#A#;F+SOIT3$/+9$A2[

JU#JBW[
/]0

!
M.?(!W=
%

!1*)37

M5B @(PN+^


MPC ;\!#




8K4E%N2TDHOH=NF&
 [S3:**&=S5?Q*





M!RNQ6'!.X;
7B
NJ0G!,U EQ-Z)K[%X'#YDQJ'9X0W;'ST6D,\<.PRW
M:R22\U6(.39A$MDP60AO1-W97E$G6B2&5BQ#[\T;399@;=I?#WV[JH*V(]5
M^:
W=5Q?#WPRH_[4




0?7OQF#D+_?:!




'S\
KCKC?IWY'[PT'NX'?2^D.$(WOBC_S#B$OEUS3N6



G(BN+10.ZI;'IO!%=WPMG
M@K9#)@%K)K7\@$/_$K@=E@W07C338MH*7]MT8OHQCD_!
:CKU4A/UQV754^L

T)KG*IC[H8QM\;(7(#G*Q:_<G436(+'?9^JO7Y *M9I#E%BS7098311NB
M^ABRW*5K$%GNLO6GU-2R7+:+-=&EA-%&P+U9]WJ<%&2^-J2OW^OKT2G/ZBK

M 192OCZ*; !DZ^?R UI=&K-G\2S_XJ2@!C1_ YD^ ;/$56 ?#IU+H
?)IR


#_UQ%\



MO;&X


;ZN2
MZ


8 /P$YMD+W%9#^G+E@?ES=O'T-,CP!VZX&EL43D^W


IU12(


M/4Z.'F?E!2A%!(0:
4;=PSTT$BF9@$PYH!F4;;DU;2Y:QMI&Q)(+RHNX+B0E



V2V3PK/SLYX2F\7243LP\Z.@5J%

7@



M?@00-E*VR-J1LV43D;


MG4'#(L6?@#B%2Q37LLOI$H*G2]]

M?AK^64:10:TWI4XC?1Z


M(H%2EYI=!3E7#+L7%8EPEHN&7@7AAQ4 9-Q








PHZZIIU^O
MO%PZ25U9K&N=N'/_PQ/U39?.X%F^6IH]@D?[;#GZ]WQ9(^KIVIRAD!O0'/I7

GC V&RW@*T_PH\WYR\[8;:
MUI8AGK1&

&33_ C9C












M6.KRT BED2JA;\'.D(:\QTGBO?TK&+==C 6!S :^1@.!ZSYIKW_$UILE*MP7




O@DV*-S%WS)82S*06:H1S\)?(Z




C%VJ?;_1


MWY'[P4/OX7;0^T*&(WCCC_[#:+A[3IL*-VX=FPG*Y9FK)]/[+M!D5A%E-MM8


&_YF


V

:-IA0J%QJ
M/'-=(PERO7+_D/[%\1HM_T#@@=X 1#^)$]3)I&T;C-@0RGF:Q(,B)\SU.
MX!+#],(4*P]\IB:HPZ,63%\,TX6Y42?NXLJ+'.'WS%*ILK.0Y =KEQPD?
MZ?+[^T+V%-A_?OM
;7W*(K/D]KTA&]D3Q'AV0!^H'UGN]HN
WN8T^?OXB5)?
%W5SM!W*TW4*TP3!\P#;6<[*7AKK*#(:=W%ZV/NJ!ZN':HK\1J9/5J\
M6^:8DHILR1L5F?BV5UZXW0O'!^K1J?G%N +%C!M8O%D=F[?Y&:;N[0.BZJN



C+9R&(M]
M#EWI4-
N*U(15 .9@?CHIMVY+M




='
M$A^-($?GGI[K5+A&HU9/GPJWTO_9/V9+]9

.\P$'P1?*\

M819B+V(O8N^U8^^]$[C^%
$7P??
X!N=C)8_YWY[?R_?WQX!)*(T_)6A
ZO]








M[+%B6R$2/4+6@\A(N@3KF:(;GR69PRU36@915


L4X:D_E$


MWG5FMW 3=J6_37]Z&W@@$^KV?^A6P


:JE38Y :HV8U-*GQ^TBM;;4
M4AM2MXE[KL0P+D&='4D-[;P*LD=2RTQJJ7[W1RU=DQJN8Z/:\I2NXLS-7&


M# '


M!94]DEIV4DNUGBF9U
0J:Z*[(Z
)+V9!4;42)BZH[O+:/D)+=62IEQ$Z;P
MB7XN2.$3=U'F%3[W


G^2:(N
2*B%L!M?Z5AHK
MJV#B@LJ^LI/B VDJU4NH$$UMJU8B30EI
TA358;*2IBXH+)'FBI&4ZFF-85H

M
M5%IKH&M*RB0LJ^\I.=0\DJE2CH()$=?**(7HQ$I7P8A84+MAXH+*'HFJ


$T 4/YK^
#3]ZJX-ZIO
)G!\QYFD7QT+@+




MPXJ0N*H


FQ6PL0%E3U25G;*2C6LR459.^J)F2BK




R63FF!U

M915



J'85 OS;]*=\M)$4N;VT
M/WJQLP#3$/H#/O$8
SL38H(0P


M]9
_Z&Q


M)0)%C4-0

Z9QC!9E



^'?9O%XD4ETN+
M78@-SZLE+6Z+W%E&Q0H

V/9
@VJ02V
MJ?




O4


RZ:\+SF!KQ
MJ





78*#%T!P_


M

HGGZ
%7J=SD8'-+ 6T



MQE378+81#\F

MF25A53UP@1B C[MMQ@XDUC69[#YDEC/L
';V;IA'!5&1 XKVXRX)G-0TS0



M/[*E6 ?/9G-*\TPND7LQ:7FFDW29JU[CVKK
:.L0O9\6#K_VGD;?!H/!NT_L
M+P)_G6\AY0FQL-A#'%^?:]H+YC#YTB'.W*#H?1RGR$F.4^0:N1L\]6]'CT]#







MY#8FD4^11/XKSB'_=?S:V1;;+3UY6_(SE(4FY^#;Y@K?-EERZO?!Y\%HN-9;

M!M_T'Z*X6LV^.9!MNKR\+:1959U#/,E?HSP5B'H;#E+6\'R[H/&M3]SW?R


_JL7VH)8@/D:$.
MF;Z<1%*G4HFD;:F&I/2BG?E:X#O[B<B;-?<341]
M\9DD!R&_2$\7Y4-X/?!_MFP5.&+N.
+(HM%&^!P?N*Q*C3R45JT-H4?T2/'0


EAO5%X0_L#W
5HF/!K+09NN07JSL)\'*VH_T6C3
MXRUU6:

MI*B\D4AC.3_4/AT$&15#!/4*$:%Z#K\\Z8C_V6PUFEUV@J_2Z;1;[]D11S?



M
9SYE $* 6E0T$#H0A8!4*ZF5#@=R*H  Q0$@
:&+N\4J]N]Y1U8;RWF@W
M&DVY:_!T1SMOS





MEO-&*;DS 6Y\7F.9S:GMA:[]E1UT]Y8+
^IE8
9B'58#
2
_9N *5
2


[W':_FM*-(6Q]
M=PV &-7T*?LQV_YB1-.I

2F-_?V0
):L92A9-



-

?EE[P


M_B^]SVC]UV']7[0QM3PT_&R&__6ICX9_'8;_U:6L8(.XG\/\[_KW:/[78?YW




HRC1


&\:G[@4J+-YU1S


MT\

=H%P [P&M] UU@8$9+$(4-=^5S+=ZR[H5L!Q?NV78 GIMN
MN/-/B?\
OL?VM7

<4<5DE#E=5EU9\7BS6$9WG]!*SR;N
M2#^4HN5S/+ (XCXE&^2:@JWV05R90:U_='83.*40=VT#C ^1#
7T\U?7A!GD





M








MQ$@-J;)3I$(?6V*\26;W$U**F(2F6PP)!_2FZ;P U:^@G;@ TI(@O^&XMF#;

M
D22!69+(A[PFO --DA^XL.8D=9XT-07[;_?WWD#\1F
+@BI\86N-PX3R!MF

EOK8 9+?FH=7$)1I^#L#-DIRI\B%;M(]4(J%-*C1WO2JL1]&Y9

YAC$9A_##%XWEC8QL)17;H02#)[3%:+


MO $#0(AJG4AI/TM620-;AFN5*+C3[' Y_VF QAY(03M-R *I1?&-/_]G+YW;


AP_3V:CW?U]&=_W!9#KXV]?A

@2HR/%NP*D\.M!PP


SG13Z4CKP?TR '\A$

MY&R8M+AW#K(/B8@V2]14J:%R$)Y#4@%NM;D(W
\//!OK5+UP!UT4GI6[(T
M4L4;7(K@ K




M;  J!I \QF6.

M+ABT)*%HH*:_ KYG6JF8GA
MPZCM9=%AE0QQQ 4T^!3!YZN-79


MLKM




MMA@S $O/J0
M&37:WVYL@*MZURL#1'TI':#)B%+F#EB#;O7[+QGXYBFG0S@9
MA]+NQ30HGW)3)FM]4TB!OFK9RKR 9-0X)J Y49L.O*Z(!.QL R@I8-KB\;
MSNB:IK(!6Y&;GGTB

M]2ZN9E6E//J\14I]*3@PH'ZT=&_D%J19UGLS%E41ZGL.&$KRJ)8 +'!N]((
M8@CAP1S0 ;/H4(UD'5N*1B-C_,G,^E:-, VMJJ558;^LG0=;9)A4!UM&G_J

M3BR8Z:KWD!*3


R(VPM5P\@2&Z1R+6A?_5LYHPV
M1-YI\G-F3B
S$&A



.^]@IJ=?




MRX9RU5-.'BXPH.7[])&:Q#9_H\0ROV'+55;?.R:Q2E.M@&P=Q9)[!GDH%BB

5
MH6RP6
!@
83A2U#3%UD!2[^7RKH.D-P[*-@!HB?M(Z:AP#:T
PX%UJ$%F(=B

961;Q'F2-F)/$

M9JM'/OTUW78$$)01H^O$]&^P^_Z[NA1L74B+^JN\3IR=S%=31(B[M'A3?0

MX!-O2O_W'DQ^:C]S\P9O-A0

MPBZXNK2-;
MV%]U?B.8W3HN.T,V7I-/9R4+]#]T]GSG%GT!E8E@!#;#@59


C#]S!'\K!1BI2H34ODZ2LIAHF5?Q8M


M






 &R/1Z&V@67?8=*Z5$PYCB

Q*OS D/V'0M&-)D)X^][6T7

MWH60'



_R4;DU&ACK:(]]8=N?@_8A4XG$==9^01\=Z

SK8FL7R]_M/Z;@








M$;5=3 



\

MVH


I_@/S4VCS7X1XW+
M5N/J\OR-.F=



G%W5N'P\8[+Y





G




M;^?QS0C;8\ZW[XZS0





MZ).?ZVMCVY$7



$;U7Y')DPE938]$A4!=.(&$P$U!
M$%M0$L4RQ7I(K(5JV&]*O@J;C1V@:NU%7+I7CLE(XFFY*&#.\XG_Q?@X22Z

MM_QD@F@:_S:$3I@$5^9P!$3G2'J&X1']

MAKMBPS!'1'MOD-B(0JDZ90$PO?:!GSWO4QKPB]
+F(@4&$V%.OQD4K@&.M#Y
MO&(QH]/WM@8KO/A?.O\A@UHA2^XJ4K]LEJFH%;*



EM
M*M6=U5T]QR+070NSS5L;?96;FAJ*;$8879!6;-3D;#@5+UDS5S6Y;HR)=\45






)+F%+B07!-1R6F4M

P1%R/A.V7^+&/XBM



MU:

M?'ML!U/: 82L)IB\ B)7W2P%6PG/Q.#EQPW66P&%*&8@5N_R2'+'BMUH=(Q;



MQ2L(H^N@BYD. ; B6A[ *7#76ZE3Z-ER


D'Y*%Y
-^\


GK6Z$2!#I5MK8#1601MFEJO
M$$;G&W3I:NU &)V*4%%5$?_2I L33Q4MM&H2FK7^%+%92\L^=/H\D-J SH*H

-;;^?\I]+\N.P&*N?^E]NJOEIF=^N?UF?-G.0F78=UQ%)G

%GV




__!]0
M2P

3DQ
C
Q7V1E
M9BYX;6SM/6MSV[J5WW=F_X
W_=+.KF/9SL/)-.W(K]1=V\I*2MK[*0.3D
2&

 ')PW_OS7U[E[] RQ[R#ORYO3


MMRNH+N';9W?-/+(DGA_]^N5-BGNO3]A]B_#TY*S7.S]9?_O-ZNOTKW:0#$A_
M^?U)_
?DJSN@7\ZC[YY^^O3I)/IK\E7?R?HB 7IZ\L^'^Y$U@W-P3%8U($13

.8 LC
M%P[AYA_W.P7
 O;WQGOG I5M%G


T!XXGC?!J=.WX
M1O
)U^.CV+#^<?
MQI!\BPCR^TB8;&-$:9M@Z,\6,(CN@?78DPBOS<%9/$##
 K\M!\&4




5W&/S
M^F/4M^UHTP/W&W#L.^\*+)P N*



EP(X50#OZ6O\%8/LK
M%A2_LC/HW@EU$E\V@?:5C_XX6$0F[

M


/&(

GEPA.W1[I%)L[XG4NR
_RK$[-7H3:^;1ZF-K S+

Y3

/3NW(^U4ER1GBCD.!<8(XA!^C_+TQE&^(]CH(3Y/]




?!REW
?EMVU5
/OI)I\+D

HL1=
MOII[

T]

M/;X+MW?A]B[<GF^9;IZ6ID79V5& ;6-C:[O1WSHNHE%QJ2T*:%&SG]# )
MZ'TL/MD6MW6N(M^DH'
QJ97:9RRLV9X=(&&2
S8T?7=4[*-)&
/O=C64
14X




M_!)T;)9 45*

H;@_M)[Y.\[)S:_*#\TP$'1 ;PWL/
^=Y[GS/.\R9NN8-


MTDB&7L
%AI8#8G

A


1.O.F^4:!J1:R0U0
5)
MOPR=R

'.






MOH0U!O=5K9$U)46:[#$G;CNY 77

* WK? &\Y(A)U!%SH7RZO7.#[
M@TGT



;(@IKUA8TH''AD#


8CA=8:P8+=$;332TM5]9

S
%LYE2\5\$QS1\.8Y\J3/@WS%LSGE!-IK?
UU=ZDH\337

M$M/]M


02@(-IE12


YY[8S)D:C)()7H*(P1ZWNFG&^-F#E*EL6W37HI^;$

M3$.YUS#^+W=69O43J[ A;R83: 7.\V9+IDV9W0]N(3E6P!T%( @)^4OAIX0K



9P)?H
LS1[:W^FU%^R6?%HI3];TQ)957:Q):3Q9QZ03XE(MNYE$5?QD%L

2!LOQ55A]N


[W0[J))=+@RR IZ1$P(QB
(9Y?(HS1VW@*$)YG EV9GD
M-AQ



MM(7$#C]



M?U7G:&=ZT4.4 T#)S8\\F[8E#R!^ MZOP60R4U-5:K[N\O!4*+CP^@&OGF
M1\JA.!';(U5@FU9GQ8] UN@F8JWJS*9G%CVNNV/K*@1[(;I/)SS;^
0;7A



'59D8$Y]5TX1XJX]




2
P=OH+



MSI7HC9(#0 WNO@\AZR!(
;EY=7PBRRB10\B03M&-Y%P$*-)+ N6@G+X0MP


M74]N$7O7A'[D3T/9&ZXHG(F;/@%S'GE2B$'OP^K(A*MP2LC1^9OKTFE%KM






#


M0+(=:_ 8BA8MJ
-)RGLDC1XY?)%8(])O#/ 4!C0YD&!SX]GT]'%[F^I#P Q^

MPC850H_


V@_')4G)Q[T[:B+VV6MIGX+@T8'B+


K!FT#GP

M!?+:P= B


$JY
IPNJ0FE^)[9'
+WC?;0V4DLU$-QS/

2JL%5EKZQG%17@F^/DZI# PEGWPK =6L8MZ@4J@*!$;X N@3G]


'K5BN@@JU/^:T
%6FEY!_=V8WK=5\J+
0#.F
-Z
FV'3GF;

%=FQU41@*N


MW:I#J2Y4!PO2##!;TY#-MD
Y68^
;G
E:A5T%R2=
A:8[^92=:D49 TG[+HP

B2M HF$[<4L[
M'$+J-R5DI5X&'T,\U[5%^=%K M]3VX:3L#.5?)=KPDR(W]#K=-+OF''TO'2

J%:1S'A7%K!
=W
M&

M=J%W41^K1= R@L_\BJPI-R




M:&DWQC0H39: _QT3TYH
)[?BZH6



MP^/LH'


.M/.6&\;X$MK%$+
M$6'UIQ;T=C1+
1'B?@N\&
;H*@*
)UIBP[+48V0MAV]=IX=&WKV;PYT;4I5
MQ#LB;*%;0W:Z^*S&9Z4+D&1R_C9U'W?#^?).=@@;4@VOY+P$C\R1L?DLL@8


V(?^LC*)-O2:AZ+2+
2ILL=_K^M76



M




\UEH14[.+-9YL @SJ-OHE%=E$W
M(P[+:6]L*D5Y#?# 2%VJR,^E:H)?@H9R2JG^C++W?S*(IE[1LB*,=IOT)1

JK;+Q0&;8(T+8UCW:V;N/\@./




$.

M5'GW=O%8)IB(NOC*82FA:'7'5R#%2D%I62'ZOF %&RX-IAUT:#PS.^^/RAT7

KO#D-8;)DF_>B
M!$#S







/N7!^
(*=.3BFG.RH/1;<]SG=\JR#8I
M^8?C.=12M3Z?YD:^-R]P:XL;PHP3W/'6/+?.ZG/Z#WW/^R__#U!+ P04
M !1

C Q.3$R
S%?;&%B+GAM;.R]

M#XBB 5#=\E]_]
MOGGW[=MO$(XVQ ^BQ__XYI\]I)-$'R#DM2+?\D$?Z/;UYP\LW_^M/_^7_\

M__D)O7_[_NWKM^]?O_]A_?;M3]^_^^GMVV^___[''W]X]_;_H1^\?5LB\+-X


\T^

M2&7F))YBO&U^+HSCRF-






M=@\D5#7WVD-FFJT0L1_%)7DDZ$]OQLV*)JVZ */44$^?]E;2[_!CP)8WHO3&
MVRDGU


M1_?82TB$_:LD.6E[3H%(D.8PM19^
2X_?Z-\8091R18#F]&ZAA1935!Q:7

/




CTRX];T'9!SKW9
UZ(Q(AQ V;R#: T&7Q=6P !:#9V
MKOI5G^JMVSH[1H-7\6U


M0C- 39[0H#:88#1[@3(





]-RG8Z#&@2








EA3Y-@N;8*#%PX64'T]I-^P'7'&X2]Z.!(C=<XL[ $
M%V6)^ \EIFB1HHPMXGS''F<V&[;JF-SA#:9/8283APT]OK5Z R(?1UT'213
 </L&W5.NG02;]A


[L=^]^#\/D.\ @

81MUKSU9-V9T5





KO3


M@18
EU$$KW4)MEF5L(%J683-F4WD1\



MAR6U
QZ(


SS%?J_WW[[]NT[
MM/=B]




?7OWP
MXP\5

(3O\ZI=7GCK!?Y5


+Q* SBBKT+X($FORMBAC!\J(W;1AYBK$RV9!'S!@KKW


MG\+!G:OU@DQ4%0\.T*K+Y4B*69S

*5MVY QA


BDFV*P_

M7\!P005\B+K&X&*1SR02?FJ%
Q+[))(58KQ&=HX/
4F2VYAL]8YR5AXS5WF)




MWE$I9;@]PQ'6W)MJ)3'4)(Y(VI\&%G$A6YZ'%!W:83GR[!9= 86@ZE&42;Y(
M(MF







M1$6%K-/57!LX9(R80TTX
#HHQ;-:+ZY14^8D4B;X 4G'..QE2A-G2# SH_%O

/-?&.ZK A31T!Q@4*1+-3K39&-K5AXY*UW$

HDS;%29.'F#B-?6[RE@^+]GQ=WR_FL






MFJI@ B ](6.!\J
!4XT=A1&T'0@W&$?4B0X(6ZI
W'I.^]%U&
ZD#S QUO%L

Z67W\1*]FP(&
MQ(=$44UF#C9:)&E$MH@(;B@E:$]I/GGTXTVI 3$0GS*&GPS6_.R@SL=3EB\*


=S!P$]];&3JH%DLE\*AW
M


A^_[/$:=D^B9FC)-1%9;\7
:/(3X'F_H-]







PCX-
MD:&ZK9EB2PWY0RN ^\A)47Y_3HV;/!)OHC&B_PB*
+RP$ &I[G=AV&%Z[

*@O$.-A%B!1DC\RZO



3X3ZH
6H#2Y.=C


O=

M&1&=&F3;R0&K0)^B\36?$

MUE^:BH R&=BT44B!N!AH%:%
$'2GH  G8Q\3A4FUBBZ9$_$0M9JNZ!RIEK9
M6@\A\X#027@@;C\*W+\R&I(29OESDO!\SD[+V3+2_EZ)HP!0@TUHJ5$F A5
M/8MQ$L&5.D^)&?


M_YAL

M
N;Z[R!KWP'*S/ANKU=B!\




M9NM0'9)PJ')QL+?Z1
7#2?7
J



##(QD)2#3QE%MYN^+2_5+?/1;N
UVGN1:!_?NYO1NVE-
M*3AKQ'FS58%/76\ZUMR?F51QB


M !?AVI4WR8W73!;\4
%PFE4W];CE9H@=)^8Z3XL/+-0&$?UO%FIGDA)W 6TT
MH(XWD$X[@
+PT_RDK).4N).Z=8@[N+E/B2^O;A8WYW-*B56@[_?@7J7/#V85

M1
QF$=9H8@[$N93!)=IZ!@]D6

?8#[0FHQU$[$3R








L:;C
M

!(])J_MJ=SG7[N&M P@4P2Q$7A \+2

M2N(]B=DIM+.7.U9RF37U6^
OZ1GE])O*J*Q)4#\.:S%PT/8M8XW*O-F9H9S[

M:K=+6
X&97R4N\&/UN*M'R:BKK@W(QC6V2%A9[F3YQLXF?=6 \DDPKR@\@

M[8(
AF1V-B C5 YXB;UH
]H4NJ8;3&[PYY)*8A+1'S?B9BF55G;NR\MF\^\$

9+[E(8

MMI'-WO'G2KRHB
2C2=9:LR@T+[Z8R35E:
F;D+
3.2%)Z'!HUA^U@XR%#NS'

)H1.JF8]7 '(X@ %L/*L#3;5/6 KM[*#J=

6(B:LL88SJK\




ML[

7-+
 JALA%;$4.G&VJ77ARQ[B^W6+2K
QE$

MHBVX @GT6L@1$PW. :6P 2#$. *)Y?]]H*

CL


MK+:U4NHOXO_-F@
H4AQ0#5Z)@WT/X7R9@]Q22MGY1@.H@DC,5/F/ +RVA1



9(=D$






A9

+0OL.I%X0X'CYC'OOE
MLT$^


CQFJS=3Q@


M/GB

$QF'&O3!#

8/(K^$1_Q[@''*C:N3=+P')
,U]NB49+6]QG0B@?VM:A.B#J*W.Q;[:_\'N$K##4,Q7BD6V#
ML,& H<JE06L<[\2M(H.NZ*:[9:(%N5K@G+QQ1-0AG)]@R#FD


8N\%7

-VB5+

M:I$L5;.W;#W]Y2-KG4G_'9*[&) ?

M+@X8?8I\'







M%XQYGPE15D_].)


MV(G/[&8/0SC;'1O
);$?*UBQ YYG7EC\3%-'_X2X-!'N2SH(_%Q"U6#6H
MGF1B*%RG93P]249UK;N:910V59(14IA:1&G@!^&!%=*[QQNV
1[@9/EE$QY\





A
1;H


8VH'61?%PR6SZD0+QEBG@A/1
M4!Q@3
(Z'+7^XM

_


W/


M H/4?4SPZS+Q#D2(DJ) :K]J\4FI!34VZ&%OJY!]L-^+/;
_4TN@]!_U
Z0.
M(D




M8[P)/+$
U\628+34OW.,2?6;^
JVA#=IA^X8Y&


WM#1P

O]_5 ?Q]




0C4_[0K5^W%IR?<V$3
MG/@9FUES Q4+2C^B.A 'P4 $7YDYUM*DVY*FQ]M63TD] LI.^DC10!F]NUH
M-;E B_X (M/F&L4IK(R1E36VG(&]LSB-D3/2..YAZ1)IWG2UO66,:C-%?9HV
MFL5V\W#8$7BU19T'DI6ZW(UV&547Y\9NPJZG@NFH6TXG?CGM5=41&8+*
-J
M;ZM0
PEF
M)Y8'.E<7F0$8M9.U[TXY,XA.I  3T= ;8$C+C2F<I-S$B5I+$X3\(7*1_IJ

MMVFON?90<
'. ZBQS,O9)/$7E@QPW8#N%5M#^D]
\4UR 4XW!98^I5RMW+8
$8
M+


MV?8R+?;VYT'


52


96HVWY?2A;9X\:ON%Y\LRJ_2)QPO_+\=DI07

(-O)A!PF.O$TVDYQX]SNL#/;8AO9
M&8^BV U.3?97N^F8@]9%URI
3;&2\@*WLZD$&-%1X!A[D$=22(./'J])DIQ[




M-32S8U).;.DJOR0-P4 Z5$]Z]#(



MQ4D:;

W21E3S)[3_#FVT?R

M^@EW+NUVG6\_(WTU_&.WK4@GY=#?A@S;=]A:Y1)\!4W&#$TZS+;TX#'2
M4DG8H0[]A8D6 @


UP@[WT A151_%3?GQ]M.P3(V


0K^P2^&9G5R=.8*K23

M10=+7:Q(1J4T!O(X/QC.U@--5T6

M
QR*)KHNJC

*6QY5H5&3 5IJHVMS9MC#)%
M9:E!(V.=E+/J1(Z+2 5%U@IZP&R!3KV6E.
B4F-7CQJZ*\2VN0XI2YO_DSPD
MBTVZVM(O_;^+S89=/ JBQZQ1SEHTVJB_/@U:
?82^KGX5WDGR3YCP[T.VX(X

MV9MRZV(JX--4I@1$M0!A

L34CWB44M4D9#AV--'V
E8







W5!TU2^RB90]--V5$?
M4)3AI!:2QW(91;R(GO9@8Q
VP6)[YEF+ \[LK'1(*WL5W&MACH[./:1749+&
M?

M;?C

M(_2ZE=P@;(SW04)45 51_?7RXUI19'+IPU;!]2L7MCCC!0Z]%^Q?Q-YG0W?L
MH&!H$:T4G;BDY(9\R@Z44_9#0]04!A.&ZH1-8
!X671.QV\0=@@_56G1._Q
.:';?YV8L#
MMEC!+C;H+AD</VL.09V6?7_(./ ['#\H%7YI$\QT!0=-NAXFD6\OOI+Q$T
M/6U'UZZ6!X;=?O20)MRX*F[V;BGZ9%QYB7\_?3SFOJ3YGJN4K)OTHP^('-N

R@







ZQMU*PM:=





^\)$CN]S0.^*NH?%I4


MGQMM;+_#;*&4IE+>^[MZ=_2EZ'#?!=EN\-&.Z
BG01HH!(Q 9








ML6T;@PX6;12&Z[U*T5U_ET#R@V7O+8@TF'R3GF!JOV[XDL=4W8[$R

M1%%M0-'(SZ
('M(=L&P+IG


MZ/&:79=BVV2K;=8H7NL8A0*U 3OIO=0=1+N
&PKY3;+B3++XG1U0A!']-) D
M^CJ%CUIVY(&S0P5NG*'8^F4G(21/ &YVAR/\V0N99$-]K$+*+E0ETLZ]BQWY


.I)Q1B]9)MTZZ5U M+:A4


M:!WCDF?MB.D
M&WB-X
J^Y(IB


M6.+ !9$2
??$4B;NO\(QR4




MXB-!S9@Y\=3W




MS6H#B44^?##K9X4#!(^)RN]673ZY/*2'&'\




MMUY%[%P#7ZL?^P22NI;81JY#IRV1'P/SG-TIGT8: JZ1Z]:T.D
@3=V7B0';



':H-./*D'CSA]J#!QU:<F9HX([*MBC
MD!6:#Y@ 
)JV:
)+C+1LV BHDX5N
R 58FY




@)PXS@G^


/S*#F S2\*S@#(^0+%C+^B](


T#R'
^%? 1PYEVD+UZH 3-+:^B-#9D8B



M*^
%Q%4NR

Z 3@W@MQ

CYN**;9*RQ6'.!(8CM.N?]*H&G*[#DII74LWH5\%A
M;
.^QR&E^?@!1SCVPD7D+WQ6E8;5H$^#9RR;+1@8O2;A 9FU#B
'4S/!_A62


/(Q1K5'9I$L9D!0;UG0ZS?) ]E[Z
MZP'U)X?KUM6


^!Y)ABCG:#]^C/5N3?$D


B8#7=$






(4_S^Y02 DUZI!;)?O

$.D@YJ&2Y7T]_H5L&!*H'
MJ
ZE]7




%W;8M_P!
FJ5PN\O.'A\HJG1XAG'



9@U.+


7I8-U
W!#\A;F:




MS5KFI\J$3V2 L3879-JU)AWRMEDF\VY21H;43Q=^W*8 M:,=&YIWM')Q35)
MO7ZC$]-GLDW!#KELQ\3.1

3.499'*CZHXF
%:?\K?3

MX8V$YCOJEY=*&GSX8V7


M\(*ZU:47Q



MD=PR/J6P

7I
M2;93(F8H7]/^M5; F



Y4I-LW/DLG*5)[QZ

-QS@?54I^91RR5$L1$<)DYV?TIW%T=SA!COXS+^B%;@YU:\K
M%)T<3NNNN0!0G%4*-$-7Q9%_NHY:-U1G;EK!W\A)/Y4FP?6,(JE7MA$S$67_
M,Z)MZ%H&O)QXS:?.186DH6 A]Q4054V'V (9BL/<<_/K7I ?U4Y&%9&??@*

N
A\7P:@
M/JWF:XH&EF5:IZZ.




I#F3



M@F_C8&-)H93P SGNZYL=/\2(]HSEHAL\Q,+CWW+M+2^]P.%TERV.5AAI=I
M^)F$E$Q(+?U.L6CRJ.)
D)ZHBV=_0

61?$K\#.K WU


MC%G1




M[7+

+MZSYJ4\G*V9G6IE-Y8Y#QADK$KBH(BSE ^MMJ@L(2I$
M1)F
B F)2E*RAS(Y^5$T







CM+H84





M\_BR%.N8SJ.]#1]PJ_(-6'G28F!C94*#H=N5*




_T1268

(]OU?R

M81RE

OPABV
(P;SM3KL6[_)D5M7\]*)=]4C%.KF

M#& *Y0A[DGQ69HQH



M3V_Y@2=[?L5WPR
\\$)C\3($+M9&:&E7:8


?H




H
M#L4JW(7G#\JMPVA0\J$/:?QV[D8&E:

M9*L;=_)XF41J%H%

M#_O\$
6P6C&;=

MYF[X]Q^
UT\I&-#Q
HY*BLL-T/KING)M*'*XK\B['4GV3=CVB2M4+ L8_6
M'*NI0*?AKT\9AP






MPK-PA;S@Y.W)

'^

M\2QOYECNR60KZ?\]N?5F[TY&KGORR#[S3QZ1C\@SLM\E5%V*V\_N%CPZ1YX?

M^T5*]NS]?W^_F\R6:&6]I5-%5\&



M&SG1B.P/$3IO3\^2]?



[G[;

!IMD![#XLJ6%V

M.-(E8_) \+
3VV)PE@]H-
TTF]



XW@+&;SFEQ@28+.D%GHZ]MKP-C.'=

7K%2(+.DW?'X)EE)@%I!H=,^32WI+C !
MLKKW:6


M.GSB!?6 B(/M&_HSX8U?0J!Q=MGZK\%LYO
&68TA 6[S@H\;8'-$A[$C3%Q+
MV-+;^ZA)KRGE!.PIC;YI0GGC9T1&3TQ3S(2M^+V/=MG*.O%'9+9#TB*S+3GZ
MQP
G



MWZZOIY





M+HI[

3KZ]J:


MXP3R5W&X^J##2Y52N1

O-]A2Y

UNE

M5H8_-RFRUPHR@SF*ZH^( Q2[D
G^$ &^1($S8R)E(\NDT]IS:78[QWV7Y782






2F+6L.=?H#G=DRF3




MX


2\
M=


W]Y/I^/*_
M_C:^N[I^G%S__<?M]'<U.2  W0Z :2
?QUQ'77R.PX^_L-U3MWSXVS0KI/W

=

:3[V!+&'M4K5WA%EP*$[P(6G7I'@_^
MZ-614ZOYA+3*
F4/MU+
)U]JKMPF4&L45KJMC&#KWFV8X+AXEGC%++
?20O6

*XXEGB9FM






HV$_^R)HEOUF$JG)VW%YF
M6^M6OW^*4BI_UW@D-6]L/SEF#Q8)$C^8S2+3W@ZV -AA4BS8-+!Z2G$=
:

N0URGU+%Y7/JLQ0Y)-V
H*DU^GX[&I(_W5)

^2MZ8
MMI7%O3B.6L4
B8W0CO3LD/&H
+75Q@ZA=O7%(YHAYUF=RLC2:TEK;/=
$E0B





==D_W]^H@\Q#7<E_Y_$D[X



-6S2WN$**[0?U)]0QVZ*Z






MS 
-V#(Y^+(;:B;+F
X.3;4MDS(Z6GM-U;5
2LBTKBQ$A
Q[P.R76DC2OY($


M
HQJ-U2F*-
:E


\J)WO)2VRLC

]

MI=[%4RZ=34DP:&SZVQJFD2/OGHGR$=YYHE;4$U4M'GW5!$!]QIV*'[8TJI
CS?+1U0+L@JC
M5^@9N3C*@$Q28^!RI$KEZOPW8+JTI51<%T.S#<)DMGO8YKA?W-\FPWJ6L=
MCR+SL$[@)9Z(_8SO38[_K9XMX24PJ3TK+L(;58GGP6%LJ.4=22X#/T KQI
M(1Z4LM1JG++TR'91(_SLBNNG(C6?


LX2E\'E* F

M3Y\#-AP.\B\V'
7AR  \ZW'8AI.B]ILO!W

GA]46WU0&9'6

M?$

M#V-V8\)DXJE-IDX%$!+##(W.VFET5FO2^A(Z*HVIC$;H2T0I%-3F3Z6^Q*5*


MMTOJ^DZQ[PK'4[/'-.160!@G7DL(*&#_[UM,I['JZIF^5P(52U:BIY&T3*B
MYQ&ZI7\$I23G?2VUC[Y;7CAG^IS$ :031)Z=&?TSU^[^=[1Z0D1XKT!(:EE/
MK,-TYE2^PBO+\4!KIX!&]R/7AW02LG_7NL*CY2(U.I.OAS:IVJ\\M1NG[H_



M]F26@3[WBI:^I?3,P5O$,JL53C)43:ZZ@Q(H3%Y446X


M]




CJ:ZFU$GN(T
'IJO3)NV
65
MHGJ#2;ZC#K2VI



1&I
M721MF1SZ6ZOVE8JA]




]?8Q+(


*7

4M


M1L-;$4B;(JM#K_5462:9Q*?1T\X#-C);GF;3U_)I:+_(O-I6OY_GC^&*5%


M'
_QE\B.7/=27.]1T

)M
$O

+4.%O4&#D



HG+'E$MG'ZIW)K.
ME=


C


]EJ+1BW7#-_*LPQ=/
PX1+U8(W&XU.X*G$5BK3@]NOZH//.D2N')JH-BB

YVZMA5)8IUH4[7=[J7[B4








8@VTQ0Z@)C)&NEE0

MZF487?[_$S_YHUDPGM-?^HGWG-[Z!M



M(EK:A]&SCLZ5$V09N+=6$JUZ*DFU)@^TYED)$3V-MP)Z:% FFJ0Z;25\[D6
M\0BKE.'\P(FM9-?%1(K?O=3[7R*[&VLQ]6\^IOF?71[-T/[_W@S5AC'Z)
M_L08_)(M


<)'@6A#H;,IMA\UE+EH*8K\'@5Y.<\J
M\\C!0W0NOEQ<@O:SP6N%2^Z3&O*_Z\N545TIN#(Y=-I98:^$6I]UYJ4A
*0
MM]N=5*ID2KB7S
L4R+N&<S89.;,T)0H3E1#182O$I0Y5%)%

F8LAR
MI3K#E9)IW5(4$1(+3PN_I9A=
=9ILBG?$H%5==OM2'%UNK94B]E']&=J

6
MMGH:Y-0JI:

TVXWG#&CNA$EV1SYJ
M%R5_8FNN 6D/!FA+]D?$DD;H?DHWUJ6UIG\7;.H*7499B]N5X!EMG]#+5_&
MG[]E$.1T+2:B)R2(JFN/&N8A6RH7EN_X$VH'6O;8^]4B#CM+680H2.V(TVQK
M3?(


K

MRWF)/1M[T67[R?+^'
_G]-9M



+=HBA(_@^P4$S^S(AJ)
*

MJYB^& M490!
!5H'ZNFKV;M/(.SI(&UM)S:+ S7LP+*X.UXFVLP;KFCL8B%6


R^=7R




&)

ACQM





BEVN
M-8S^ZX%

M1V#;U9%2N_TB9:.U:G_EO76G+%!P$R\4LJDZH+\*;P\K.4#KLF?6F#)Q=VA*

+
Y!/1$MN<
O7V)NG'FP9*=6;6%R:'8IG3L-%8HV@ZYEN6B1IQ2

M'4/$V!30\9A&^4@WJP^WNU-T[?
DU7@M)AC6&S@P(KSC


X!B



^F-I\3VZEN^G2W)
HI)!UZ^(S!P?

MK^E$])=

M@D3%(6Z]@*I]WYEI1[X&DV;
06R)=POR+4]285#2[-'-%ZDUJOVF%EF@@+7H



W

M(]B'/6XT
;P$;CX)
IC1_]K'B_[HC\NE@^9TZF8AN^.


M.;@/!SV*M99

MM7?0ZD%KY$8RT6

M&$TIBK
EBBH.B0LF2;@CLK[@1B3E9+LAY]AK9$8S9'7(F9QU\ S9O0\U\@K-
MA]WY3*N_A]^1XNEA(B4MKVGAUA\LHA:$9'!FK:$@I2'&V) =G8_ZRI._W4


EL@.V2U WHH4+B#5P*!:TM_2

MC'



GA
UP):CIS2B)O4ZB_F.W[;-0BW8G'WCEI
MSLQ%-]V_13@U/DJ]GK+#_[H-I*S\^7X*B9?5]4@%HFFX:C9J;%HA*U;+85
MQ\U

@3

M'KRC&Z2LM%



M[G7B








M5B=P-O9\/ Y\

KJP_R$M$-Y')
';WK+6?X8\ MQV#1
MB5ON\%IP8]%GM[X?(OLJ)&D=@HA9/QN:MM6\

MNJ77.X[9W4%(=)
@94;K3YOK@NB!BG)=@B_^%51TH%Q2ZU

M5IN(*YKEH=WFT&YS:+=I5C)8:XT_S



M.J#$E$CX_WD3&G6(?XT1]Z+:'+;AF#?Q%
6[00R3TDY%QIQW5=XV8IB43ISC


M?55G


N322X5T$ZD1^&+J9=FDA85Q ^BX:'_Q^A

MN'!'4!6YP1XV6KAJIXL*9S


MCMWW27X^O

M-Q6PQUL &.Y
:.&

=
M
&GT=CQ

 N0UD
&5^FWI+ZW!J




/%QPM%YP
M5$]?_V)KE&XXK$DGF1ZVH_-\J9RS/A8R%395AJ*D=6&K


M\
T.3K@;3F  WSIR

MZT44FM;^.0DAVVA(LCO$84BR*TTK



M6I7+5[QH_?$\\S-8H!6 K%1OZO&+1U?]TEEODW#BAY
)=NV+37;X:R^@FTR$

MD)2Z%AKK

Y N!;YFJZ[03Y*^49$Z&;3_YW4A?C+14J


M[3J('
P8/%NUDI26#
_9+#(R'M$

4(8+4DQ#RXQ8+J)#/R
O9!41).8A
MGT KVN
,H;QV .H])*/:V$!9R+GRZ;
M?5D2VIX)+[X?*@@T%]:=&4RXH$+1ET-@O#!X0V!\AP/C#P\EZ(MG$04M3YIT

M)PA'R
QM)JZIA?Q6NVK[8W_@RO$!EEXC
CY+OL3
-(T@_E\
\%GS'E-F*B\E



)S]K&_^
M\KNR\.N\$$.EID^=$FP2L-%.68]VXZYF)6%/-^B#T[(ZN1VHWJ3H'JF[5?
M#50:@9]B])-AO


M8-+:Y9661@^OXS5B1X*WD.
X]W
C-Y5KZS DHGBJJ+4NL4B*JN.6L--F[-
MJV9_5(#F;F\.F/(
X:


K%/_[!A.Z;AUL4RT*

P*%G2BC=

MWLW]7C_GX&3=G*_;6+W@.IJYW[? N50Z63&-UJW*2O%PU23T)86L= GC\BUF

M%M
SUFINP;N\XJ]FJ_3*VSVNXY]HT
4.B4U)_H;]XXGR^.__'U!+ P04

MT@.J(('7

?BGUX+/@S\[T/OKK--N@.
B]*780*@Y:&:

@S8+3D\<0V^,BSF;B%Q261J4ZPF3+A#:8R<


6Q7A%S0.6W=1&S(# 2^

'G(*0ZD(52=.

3$9-6/



M.$7.5A)RUXI
J?M6!)Y?V2
C'G=%4/0JI5VW F5AI9[CE3RV\B!?&J$E9P3\


M\8]KQ31AH^2\F0N-ZT
%Z-3N[%+%4N'_L);CU00+]BWEK*T[F]K3*EO9#NS6


M)Z)D._ESWH-S*8FVYU[



2#P4

MG






MU%3


XLE3Z

MBB]4!NZV9_\%U+EU)ICG1!]E)=&TF0LWX&CE.716JQ(4[2#(A20J!8F[JK@I

O
MF]MS['[Z:
KZ7\@IZ_]5_P502P
$%     @ 43)94.99$08\!P  ]R(  !

S$Q7SDN:'1M[5I=;QLW%GTOT/_ JDCA ))&DN-M*FL-.+;3

ZZP=)0UZ2]^/PW$N.



M'71WGXM.AP4F-EOB^YM1*7Q8:OIG*]!YZ$BMIF;HU'06]@OIILIT)C8$6PS[
M@_*B*=ARV
-C'*)
1B8



M?^PR

M:7=?K)9Y1+X=W(MO7T@/C\)]Q5*\-W:A*9M2NW9QX]O
PBQC@T@QCU0&KE^*
MR@17$6:5@0IXAYTN18$GZ*E%+E
T.6$+$&2PM=PU 4

M'FT9E
&2FMW&:[! JEQ:%1 S& Y-
F2:Q4RE

M9BH6*LQ@H\IC0KRO54LQG





0A29.(\7/1=,M@ZSK2
F*G
M24^7\6\W#


*OD1&D5EIQ&




 $UUR1;A3'^8'B(=AL7DT\K;6:27^1Y9FE(I IB_0=_=%0




M)Q U)Y;Z#F$+U\H

DJ:?T/Y'U!+ P04     !1,EE0B/NGT$'











K)M*1'SWCU%CI





M2FQAJ[F0!0-KX0@(A7@X




M$I4GH
]AF/S;@%&Z(VZK(G0[TG22K NAT+
13O=@-
JE)DE*2_%L)*X-L^;&
0#






.%:I#5*L2NXF.P72@3J0 _.N28G6.F@.W5-4
MU6*H$D*=&^XDEQ<_]]I4]9&GNH380-8\Q4 G5EQ]YP:LJV,, 6I0Q+:K0L6A
M2G%E#M<@#,&8.D=NO+[EHJ0'1VPCE%K9!;;NXU0BL#0 $.X%JY1TZY2M=0S

D



M'44NJGZ5K=[7?P1L]MSU7N/AW:-RW[H;'I5I)U
I
G:^VMIOJB)PLXTW+-JP

$%
M  @ 43)94&XHXQ*H!   $A

S(Q7S@N:'1MW5AM;Q
Y

5
*M

 E\W

_
UXSC7:-8YVC9<R-AK X

M2J74)R3(XG6C=T% M*&TH-5FO*8WAI:K0+0FN4I 6A#7FA3D'G!JB\%'VG
M$I5;$KC/O1=VM?@%TTLFT71FUP*W,(JMH[B :Q.=D;%IFRE*K4PIT'X8F#@
M3ZDV9*

=&V'OG@+%:7C\)'FZ\].G
M -P%7^VL\+3W;%&98/L)W)']V#NX-(=5M4(*D66<9=NO

:W)63I7&

G;K)# I1ZS2#\15B


X+6#8F[C] [BZ6_O\8=P[(24[L
Y+G7!]!:ZQZ[X=H/_




M5L\7_E4E[5S7!U/CO:E.#YMTQ9N&?M(3NBY4[4\/OWDU











MT&7_H;@5&4T_79=RY79.] /=[AY1


*PSH*:Q=
M [7 %

MCW@R$A_K4J%51=0QTA8$%=H@AOK1 ' ;BM=XX[B5OM8

MD=]AU=]:;7D)7OX

EK@!)'PFP6B!$*$BU$7E;M65:
K*/


RO

MKCC[)9C6I4S05)5FE;&Z[1;H82$&=W!S1T^:;77';1*^L8F?V^__PPVF B.6






M6D[*C3P= \J9#P@_/UG





RK
M&_6(
M

M5+(@PGL&
M)MZWJ+N0+!PJQ'P



NPPLN965T!RB0M#OQ
U6[2:0*()!(


+4)HODD)/5Q:;#+NS[R$.W




MUI


0*



4<2:D.#N7+V
M-ANK8'1H@N9I,ZK)I F-'9SCH6U9I\_$8*6CC'6YDDC@JH\(/:&T\NNU:#
M9YF74E?A&&BN5!'ZK13S5R\US)-;C?UH\)<LX \\YR/CMQ5Z?,!V1+@/V'[


)UKSX0B-:H


%^Z_6:E?HU&)Y$8)5[H]_\LY:+%P_R
2'ZC!VM2BKEXQ0

M

M+PA5]D@3-=
$PBY @4C&+Q:H\3;=N/N9*8F& 1 A30-A/_J= Z=FHX&5^U!C

/


-M>2+6J.:(T?8HHUY3RQ+GS=*^I0/X*.0]!W
M(. /F*KV6D.7]KP/ %)X:+7W4K;N*VU-9[B0


C
U
C P
# P
#$N:G!GG=1Y.-3['@?P
MWQACK
D^=F-?BFQ9LM:)F(.#CBW4D7T]H8R].$@H2XRFD5F,9DKQ$U(Y7L

M! *N'#V ^0DX![SL4'9(.Q0*)2#@YV36Y'FXN+6Y1?@%=04DQ:2E)
0D)&
M7EU)1O:$G(2$LI[*B5.:.CHZTDH&QOI:1NK:.EH_EH X.#BXN;AA/#PP+;@$
M7.M_#O
EP


M:#H.L(# 8!96

44%)64551U=$_KZ1L8GOOEO(7E!2MKQXN_.SF[N+I=
M]?;Q]?

-CJAL9G

_-+WQ9_+I$6=[8W*+1MW=V]_9_





2SP2

EOJIP;=90DU5001


MG'-;J_:E9H\[=WC\+=V

XSWL5$0UHGSR31AYRE/JG+

M=2V2%?-Z4Q8F^YJL)I/EOX-6W-\M14W+WK?#G;GT
;GPFVQH0MWG_J%VM*H2
MQ/CUZ-LQM^O%12+Y?B$2*DL9F0=V


GEV0

MC-1FL=G[2%
QY-O?+O0%+F(&+V/LSRM:*(




S?






6YL(?BY?



M#^ORG%VS#E(3?YB=_1;V2L!$R[D.$I.:68L62C+
]VG.%))CE2Q/=EZJ6PD*


MW2+


L

M:M*##C#==*P\^L33.W-P5&=BHV&?SY. EB&/!9)D*=RYV1+?Y+4T@%!ZG8%U
M.*U)-)^DMP[XLQ_I-





W K8CSR]G0SBH:CV+YM)
MUE0189A426('PD)!7)KY\1]02P
$%     @ 43)94&J04H
R'P  R5@  !8
M  !G9VMK8F8R
C
U
C P
# P
#(N:G!G[=AG5%/ANB#@'0*$)HB 4@(! 4&:

K%EK
M9M:=



FN

QM;NZ?V#HY.7MX^
MOG[^ 8'A+R
BHUY%QR2GI+Y)2W_[[OVGW











^K0=1/[O-_WY769)GE$





ML

MK'.G6;^#/$491Y.OBK!5\-LJ M




&I3.\9:
M)\[BTPCC4:&DC2M+_NRJLY?]%M%:8?B1*D7T3@P6H/-VCJ@;%V5J9)@6+_4S


376
MAC\UVG-]Z

M4JB22&N!?O?^#!QLAX&=G\]8$).;QJIR)G=F!']P;S
@
:$93ST!UBB
J8LP


M*B_*:_.CH#;E;.0?X:E\O#_-9!HIN-I2Y@

\+)M(+S9S
M#E_SW'

/-\CF?&&!U/1Z'=8[*L



M@^
08/[]\S0[(81L1/1&571%#?^[*Z*QFL.1A&%@:8']=_WKZNR$0Y#!Y;R
MGT*&Y:XW'[&/EQY4-V3[O47=.^R)7=VPREP##4MP#3W][DFZ_*TN9F7!9/
MD J:]
7.AYTU3((U_@3$2:=K-/[
6UM@U6!LWZ:VJD[[J'\S O8SV1V )BM

M!69;


MI+!B[K2;&EPO@ /+A!7Y&:H.*96N]?P


O??NO?4E+


M

CVP/V*@96TM*37@;0*7 4

M]NO;[
[[X+P3
M2$=.%#HRMAPFNV$!?T0]8X!S@]6-E/RM!:G*NI$3E!8]



C!
6+MFF[8B]

M\U1^K6]









FFP%!






MMU#23+ZLJ4S1Q.(
-M69L9GQ8Z S[ICNXK.EE@6CI'=FR,BT4+LQ0)Y+OG7
M;K%S^TEOL(I[JI.!F-5 K



-8S1Z3U]RL_X

M

M*D.0!


5I3('50%PYSK_NM5?

9
N(1Q!D#^Y@].JK_Y


T)!!6\$@FW1=4=9*/L@*5B\*0[_S[;^_NA:B&M3WB

MWFIN0?5J8;S[Q_I'*6_6J/N68H\3I6*0;=7R+&CI
=NQAQU&(Y]KIC@:(TBC

$Q

Y+&8L3'


M976E*0AO'R2\36*3$/!7VUW]V[AZ?QLW^T*

MDBSM^3=S3\7\




[FGKN


X\ST*NN#
VV[O
1[LS[H@.R)G:G
M8NEN\#[

M:-GZKT


E(XTV(D


MVMPV^[\H;ZK3_$QJWA$(K&QKA;Z/US;7CC*
TDK7J]96LEVDR[W_R=@RP'!

6Z(@%HCBAR6 5GQ,L7
M7)VRJ!J^(YB;M
2CXY=MDWO%NKC]CC2GM4:?]HS2#/)V0V-K/FY4YC_:!



M%;8@M[ML#EQ%VLD





MK-N2*Z6+4:#$KZ1GA;S(9;_TJ0.Z^EI0/2_/DW!BR1Z/P8^0T=/U
ZNK308K
MJ!\9%80.8N)2=+$5T'2SB+:X U

MP +M]S#-;=W6R?DZ/


MS#HJ:^.%*L
=9RSO)BNQ?&]8FE<

O@\(D;Y/5
M

M4$L#!!0    ( %$R65AKO@*LCH  -8[   6    9V=K:V)F,C(S-3(P,# P
M,# S+FIP9YVZ95R4T?,'^B @2 J*@)0@I1(-RL@7=(-(@W2G2LB(+G2TDHW

S-GGN=!S:!6@

M



M[_R4.S#F-RZ#9$4[F?KH




M#TDEU'!

^5W1_HB!1_V8[)/+*-XS1M[55R?_H/T/LO]WP+[^
M_T+VO\#^+UQS  $F!MIXF0 +C:?9WU!8^UY#8XMX[)[OLT38!MR+3V5T1=



ML8B*9[8\HHI7N1(7IEJ7NG#&'IC@3:JG$&9K/5TZ[Y*N!(.
 MO+3E/B?J\]


*_*
MD5&97I9K+O7X2;D*3N%-
-V\]IJ


9DHR;HVJ]KT[T?/8-N)2/+22X

MI)?CCBX1B[96?DLC_50#4\2P.4YYY
@QNV?/*[+IO&T#F;N8T)Z0:BN1LE


C*;:7.XY0MB^@B^77$GO$ $KP:#A?BCKTJM[I
MSS'
*HOQLGGV;J


.:@:A I(7&MPG%&+B;^
M]Q&1@



Z6;ZW&^RMG:)






6
J^[J01-


MI#

62

M1]DNOA&@I2-Q_-4.B1TMM.%^UNK%3_O-3?QB)/^;2F'QKL=5@%L4M?2'WF46

M*
Z;/R;FAR%!HND

M@9B.M@T?OI:O]

^&%KC#.*4
60U
 2Z=$



8M M.8
8=6--Y'F? O6_




_E2+1OK)G-B!!R6W[SF&Z+VN
MNA5CR#;G0AC3$[O

_+WC%











6-.$0?+IH]4FT#9PD7;
MT7*N-UUPY ^;2YW';)2B
&JBMO.R6LT3FL72[A*% 5Q-T@JM/K

M[E?

 R\-EF



NY=;S1IV5+ !Q$Z




LQ']]*![:;B0)
M



/'SJMD(.G?O[^[@5&.U5+CRU?






SRJC3[MR/LHLLH5?2'BL^9$WWS_@8W29JK

='_+%NQHX-^T[%])7)VAE.9^T<.5&5!MN'=L7 D=0K@D

M?6 E!C6!U46A+D4SW*6^Z&!PD%!E725]V;R/-8=X
T'PYHH ;
PZN?DWH6!6

1/ 4U:&ITLQ87-!#M]JJN6S7D5
M5A;T8M -KNJ/K!^C 0JZ7';/%+/BDB0NQL]OG03%L^?R*X^?)?!E[.T-1/A^

X]\)]*.!7RDVG'N3J



=!9M2 A
M5E)+JI@^CKSH#1 $G@0.

M






MC=$6BK-U7



-
M2M;SX)DR(%T5YU&&G!/Q^DO\


M@$._JN4JZ/ T&84@89HRNE.=5^89Q74K$-OSPC+WL.H[12/:D8
$CP%1\.LH



M;C





M.RSB)3HE6R$EF_.:K%9_HH#P

^4$QI#LBFW


M?-$M?.?T]JVP&]FGH4..
NS%PI^@JR1GG(IA
R/LI0KLR7T/C7[+!;].*I;9

IMU\K=AJBA

MZI%Y0^XZS


MYZTF3'LHX'W*Y1$)M9?G!Q10QF%





MOF_J4N:=)Z


ME

MC ]XHJ%;2T^::VIK:[]]'YV-C#Y^(PZX$ W81EWO1Z[-+%1LJJ1?2:Y&CP


MRJ_XVPTDDF@6

MWXL

A

-

M90B'-TEPG;XP


\D0XD=^2<9KFIS[
(^5_7%/ 44=L/?HG&46DZ
M+T5FU38*Q=IL_V67+I'%K:E05N!3@YI*LV;/N!KKE
J_F'0?97'D;=N]@PCU

M%^4ABWUTUI7(^S:L?*PYA0*.2W)J
S;I]0XS.)



VUW='[?(E(@221^*EPJ8U#7]




)C-:




M 5
M9_O



U3S#DR;
#Y[;?UN
M5K&

12OC[FWCZ_\
M23K)I_&2_9=VWU_@


UAO4407NM3F#L[Y.\6_C0=_CG?0\GO

YWL




M([_K%I
Z64(0=ALT?EK
L%9.2_$=<CH\+'+18:XE6Q;(),0(63W.W7=L=A8&?'8
M0 %?SCF]Z0&.& I0V'&ST?RFX=#C$BI%)FJ?R./3XF




M$8GI\@L%U&?N&4NM1-25NOLZ'1?&9-G'QO4C9E\0I:'/P05^LZXB0$ %P --
M0
37YY7S H3L

M/8_);F BFA_.9AE:($T-XE*A$



_=4G\YVJ?OMQAS[GMX
4O84*[$2N-P]81-_XKCAG
M7






MA&=O&*QP#B*XKKCP9S4L


M+TGL/P@\.B]=25DXHXJXUHI2I3

MXM 
$DT7WX6








SCOB*
M_*S@-N$5M#

WO1($X=&4VAMZ]_7'



OO9J)[\]M-T
BL[+] [MY
M)IE/B


PZ#?T






M@K;=VTIYY]+=N

MP)LQ\/+33)LQ
'P1!:!Y/0!5V8#/3D$\LK/GK3?7=



M6D98$P5\KD !&:3@93Y

MDU9A.!6YHUU.3FQ[=]F^^?8-,1EF^Q,)7W^\HVGK4S3LT?V*9^3@Q67*X$
MX%L\Q+F31=C 3.+=JR) &DB^QBOH46!?PB2D8!7] N'
R
H
^@%G
CY$0!



YDG

$7GUT7+S^M_AZPT)]#[_0_SR
M9O2^+/-LR1\NXQ\W(H/'JG/!:_0@X,Y$2];R&E$1= C:OJ:@+^SQOR.ST0

C(S-3(P
M
# P

M7EI.&@ $ @'&?P?@:0'P%H)@0'0

M::@IJ*CHF+A9Z!@X&:FH6 79.%_Q\/'QT;((B4(A(MR\?)!_%@%B86'A8..0
MX^*20^BIZ'_UWKJ!!!B M* )*A !@ *(15$/C4#: % (#HP/\0X+\+B(**







L]\1D8!53!ULK^<[J8!LBMX48_\XHV
MYLA+KJBF$O_3QL&T+)NTF?2IG4Q?5^&3542JNG$VKLHOQNT ETM/@)ERS+D:
M9!35N#&M%+$:X%LDZ[]&R5\4LRV  VQR:DT&ZY6+/TB8


QRB*1(JT*U+&NGZY]98[UP*.




QW;L_V#9]H/32D^AM



P2_@R


M2*-[ 4SF1'/!B'8\N(:V$=EDQ4\IT2[&$F&R4+2HS*'@?NI7&S&IJ!-E X7=
M[FP.Y04)#_3R TD_P%(2
:*




*9[%M1


MNGVVRHH4SA*/DHZ9N
OG1*[AZRS:\Y3.9)3+V3#S;+P@A@Y7[
M9



@_
M 5[PW?!1LJ*7_FQTYL\34R.?QJ/\1L9-Q7YS(JY-UJ'X]P+]ZM4;1I\2&C
MM?+(D./Z/L)M!CC-V.AP#=9KH.@

/(+N!2Y+#IT^V(6?+#.XFTA))L' MAA\L;( 6A\








'5OF:*D&
M+18!,N:S5K(E8@HPE24 VVF..(SF4:)T==:?H4NU9MY%F\*@Q:#=69+<BAK

?]&(G'[&B#



1B&-#'KRIG&\U


M[5:3O9KCS*S[3NE%;W/6U;SQH +31]Y\5Z]&*#@#PR4! D-F/I!3I TVKC


YK[!/\_$88U&6-F?P?%2DH-AXVW






(KO.^^]-$#9_TZ_
QC3'A6LF*)Q\U-^C


VOL/ED
M
*T9F_#Y$-#X+V&^W7!?X'XL?-6_FB[YZM2Q?*U%-_5.57P%/*:B/MD#'4
M2P&GNVC8



B]3Z%


1!$A@-%@;B/#8<? -HNT:L!(?(


2-
MY:@TNL1#9HOB^N0V#EAG:&6R@/U7S$







-^&/D+M[NO49O.

9]UN

MWJ!:Y8E#V^W!7W@5N&^DQ9$Z)5IJ!I4=8YDH\]3D5%15)].9IG@?O;*+@Z



M]ZX^#5/;W(;A2[&VF(G(:BE^G.OQNZI3[\/62VI.JVK[R;T7G_-TC0R$]TRU





)^6?[
!Z








::6R:SOGD@J9/K5-6:KLK(KOW^I


#!95B;LE*J=W
6[$<Y%^#



M
S4R
# P

&44-(**LDBA)]!:]K98@EJAK
MU6 WD4@(5D007G:C1_2Z64Z\8KHT7LG+$L0=J_WG?=_[\PM


##BP:0I@ -@(:*BIJ*DH::FIJ6EH:.


M59&2DY?]:Q

MRX

CHV

;Y8WJ.&6W+;




5R
_NWZ'4OZX(*2ZR2KTX;T#R)^K1N@H@_ O
[!


MTKLN_NQ G?F!3^NV\E&9CKM0J)55#(_6^HJVSI*&!EM/I;SND/2
\\=$@GRQ




O[$?GR\3=^
K?OOI4\O$/O/Z?BR*?



7DL4@%]










MG7ZT7_LAO%8[)6&HK@L-TQR$ZZ)9;\;6U2-PWF?29-G6M5?!E5B/+$!+
M*
9 D ]06HSU5NCZ9ITR]FV66^3W+N\] SA:E[^:5CMX%.WY.1S2/%1C5T1+

-I-)6JI(KC101VA3\:


EJ=!=


&






MU'@NL)4O;:P_IU/) AET-8$$6HZ3X#C[74J@CX5*IM[*@/+J^AU39(0#/







:_IIZ?^I0POYGE;JP?WY$F




K&N9CC^&6S5BE_AC

^[F'



MO22B3+-NR-6KU^WW$@4)Z%-8(RB?;8&61-_7GG:B/CUCKNYR1OY*:EF&'5N#


M?\S


$%     @ 43)9
M4 YW+FO#
0  C#(  !8   !G9VMK8F8R
C
U
C P
# P
#8N:G!GG;IE4%Q/



!V1AH#  Z$1H&$1JR%Z # #0LM/\9P/\QT- Q

TM5=9!I_
M3IGX/W\)Q



3 Q/[/UQHZ![_&1!A8KW@?4(LI8[]R9F$@2_@*:ET

YR?QX)%XK









M[=82QQU$X1^'TU:.-[9\H$9O)5FG+2293T/_.EC$K!R[KX1MRU0.^\O[P18X



5CC6V$1XY*PG:VY3BL[U+FC[



MQ(;(ZOKZRYAN;JQ=0E!3RJ
+_*I2TIAR
=&8CYU*:LA$7J\U0Z(&M^7?ECO&



D@+OZ=[SZ]QUMV;\7

M(-M)&JACO_;0L:W^O602_QD!!(@/,W]BV*3RFSU7$-(W6Z7(\2I0:@K.,_O
MWW7G9J6$:(VQ53Y
1

_G/#V'*\F-4O@)(=7[!TCW+TEN

MY 

+3:NW^J*6/B D


YCOWA.E_E1N:
-)<W=\+NWV^EJ3MIPFY?W'3^0%_SS2OCQ6X92/2+H\









M]M'TLGR;F2C?I:]U$ FTP=5W6'S\- _A!4&.8&=8='K=/P





MAJ+.
'@'P\R6'7WL-A-Z7\R$O .L\ZMB



+.31OI9H
BIX?3
M2$!QEW)GV?^P:C;VF_W




M0$)4'Y_XO_2T_7#V_E3A67@A\TPK'_&Y
*XV:X''
^&*'!K+#5STR/4BLZX!


3/P*OCFC6QI\#L]\CP_+/\\+)


^S=BT52/9
'6TMZ':XNGSC=VW?'Q

%+&;

M+![1@H
Y[CUHYMA^^;XK.[(X1EP

6

M[.#Z0@[)=!:5;O3L9+#


-!^!UNM&
M':&'0FO

MX#H(_!$5^3)DA46MY\8VRF[89)_908&,%W@JEKXW=@@?]ML$CZ0T/*ULI7





M





I[KZRNXFH;P)L<SD%HTE%TJ


J!HKQ


B.IN= [^$2^P0B*NV\^N1


65Q4! OH?L<=


M+T)M437;):_AY:*S-J-1X2RJY=6A$_CZ'E4A77Q$U4M!J$Z+S+&+GD!5;ESY


W/E

_ZM-2UT5LDC










_3?-[8O
A-%*/]!NV''


?9S;
)5GJYL5


J*/;.








TZXW2EZ
S;HJ^A;R

M=DN-.J

MW

F

2FXI@KUBEL\E=5D4(PWX6Z ]Y




M_
&TIKX%[ZL?J*
FG=*;:339-JP.%LRI5PE7#:1/P'9(H)E7CA_VT03NO35'
MYV

M=?B9CL9 5;2WV0!D&G#?@R#S7\-#E_] (:C_/D7&[UOB.\=D+LD3&EE[C2C6






F]@7NBR7_(1VEB40;&FFKOUIZ.]

MV(

TA
MYSQ
HY]\4*(VX^I9/F)8@NKN&\=WQ0%G]C_S6.1]='XTXR-M3I[CY5ZQO428

)7OM6

M6IGZX%C+^^ZO/!O_%7B&I&AO\%[_?;H.K504.N&N!DMM/J.#/JB+$30/Z6_2






MKK'QQ/+WAOR(-ZI'UJR(J.('G/&H2S0DH.H
W=-D'+843!Q)(O+2ZA_Y)\T;





MB/(5K@RU'_ 0K
I(@-2MO];.SG6R]GT^R/G;@$O5+\N5UL*-CSSZGI
'G&8?
MOYDJE^07V'3!M;PU:*[5E'U_#M: :.&FD\+AO13

Y7\Q^I2)&!E






M-1%L682I![HT+MIZ.$/8SB7-B1GNU6$_NG)_8903I)X_YLUGSFILR#L#?/S
M!/]/H:Q36V3C5M[Y[='V3$I?1D;N \YOP:8%UHK7$Z!]!&BFM9Q\7KQ7@S@


=I
MX

GHE9&\7\
#F =5+:O1=5K




MUU'%VWMM$N4_TX'52


S_.IJLKNK__N^2U
MA










.8^-WS


(D^9]#5EI; *B!HO#93A])_;PK5[;2;!3:


6^-.U;HRV.(L(7

FA?9 AFLA

$&VCNC*PG80KJ*K541YX
=@U3P



EE0.1^Y==\=  #I'@  %@   &=G:VMB9C(R
S4R
# P
# P

M)2TS(RL+
R
0R
8ER




M1V3_!^S?7-
 

_DOXO@\^Q5M38H5*'0KZ]0U1LEA03
MM

^5ZG<-#2W3C8S.JR/E
M0<R3=Y1&*K9*AW+M8MVU@9DLV938WQZRO_N&ID-ABXI/)?W\#,UC\E\,KHK[
MSV#]<$;J.$VHNM;ZL,<%@T2D=P!HFL2^LX1J](A15'!YFO[=-MC_.)OSP 6
M.%B)W-LBWWD]
(Y1.B&
DL+VR&270EM-F^!M6K=\/MJ=/^O29E88N_R;42RM

OKGU

M'@M5DYB(:AU1GJE8O-[V+F6@2GSA446&F427I 8(%7/&SY$6Q7I
S

M!_SZ+E%4.5






\=(K\\DI

AG
M0D)XZ?&!&#I@_E2-WC4_9IVAB/%MG#6PC(

MQ&.:-=UT&()5



 KD&
/5V:3VQC)8R5);;Y/()R RLTM#X
M


MKCVS9RN;:N+60I(OLH(V4P^_4%$21'W2EIN@?-16MN57@K;X8]]+H#4;L/#U

KA[O1'Y4R& !
M%M(:D?]CO%X
K+K]M








'S]45.9M+*4S6_VM0[
M&3J6?GV07DV+!7DJ4) LC7K;V0Z&5C--!8Q7?1(JFVZI43?B\WU(L??+C[JG


MA6) LNZQ#

O]WJ-9Y!.%!XBW1O8NF^YC]'')23

%0%5JH;K*NBT.W<2-G]8=
MP'3F$IIJ/#=CSN[D$ ]1Y6W7?M?Z30B^&=E(.AJ?:&GP6I]3E[

M8B
V'R)?KM:X7-[$E[E-Y? M\@LVY4^=D-/7US
M]0K.1
$GBO3=*[!TU#R;\E9?'Y)'AOW90XVS%E$<DY$:2[+'_SLE-EQ%
MGH71(.7S<S2C\Y_OG%O('923O(P!4*-)DQ*;NF%XH@





XC\_A

M

M\DU88[=@M?@P]Y3Q+.R\8PE^N5Q;#4HJ+XM?6Q7Y8?
@
+5

M*[CYZ9D717I

QLKP3FZRE1
M7N_SIH&@*2;:/(C




M52U-./_2EX#X%H1Y.



NC\

H
MLWB[L*<NRFT 4E0MY^B&_ZA-ZD!=K%IYC'5,R.<X]SVV$,3JZB&ZU@97?ZY
M_
([




:WY]*D'$B5!6L1 ?[II
M4FX./)(;C3%ZJFIK2





M2 ]/NDDIS:=.\M

MN%D9%#I (
V



GYNR )1/







+H\_?X*R9:NG&NTR


M. 2_1E4X?JWW8.)==.X;';J!X?$$J!CX?&?EOK][63$K0]F 8KGJ
T&N)B
M))GQLN
GYE


]A+;Q#

M


#MMOD.OE$*-'M5+JZOB#0Q6H7V)\[\(HKNI
M_P!02P

@  OS
  !8   !G9VMK8F8R
C
U
C P
M
# P



MA

M+X#BWOW'_/B4LIH$EJZ/G@@$$5*]C
TN;WO *JAU3/W6;82(ADUHA?WD/VG_


=?=

MV-6_X@Z/9U8US F^K= D:(G(*EJ

T\J**XI.\/5$[5I/8R
M\K!O+Q__:SK)


*5$_Y-#
MT-R38




MG?#]%B;O+.T3-J




8XEZJR*M'
)\6RJLGKK7AL\=];VNKGTC
$#N$:)*=P7K_KP


0 N+0H!VZ!TJCB

M1^FG8]IXD?

.:_]!2S\3^"4R]K*59;NU\YA_Z(  05FS*@8@5 RI
MPU/['M?FD_%W?:WT .8JJ/Y1YB93W3MTIKS 8_A@CP5B%4.M21*(]_&$N]#
MH\)^)%/6UFC!S#7U0%\LDJ&=4KGR5LBPPM5&SB# 1QFJX54'8D[1EXWO*_Z

M1@DQ2[/=H



MN$_'(P-FY=9:R04H7GPK3JP-^=X?+;[&$)AP\-C6R4Y8$?CSW7[3K0=JGN
M+ G]HD?[

MQMO3!OGS







FMKJ0QPMD_O=$@&S\5VBM#27J4))N3D(EIC^3YY1:1K

M2]3-(G(^3


P*-3-





MHQ==[SYWZD\GFGP3QT$?QN?)\26-$KF$OYK%./+)Q+HL=GV7#LT
V:/6JA)-


VJ*RI-!L-[^.!EN=C!$MHJN0T8-
;;O'3.V+]:C;F#SXN9



4=CM&S[24/J)B^^1[/JW7;K.85:
*1#O\&!N#^M\\V@

















MU1JRCN-[L7(P@'QZATTN2Z-'%Z9S*YI&VE@3-7AYYKY9FR-BY^B*[6L);W_-


Q


]AWKV5 SWS0*5LS
7!4\7/KX

#-N_#Z122$_

O9[P0R3ZZZ]^J<4 IG??

M



M7UZXV^2LH%*

7K-OW0]W6)'BTUG[:V[YZUGJ?-0J!$_RE#$&ZF&SE=









$#IRP9B
=-SY*=$1
I'F;5#
MU.!H.5GYCSW]80F9+5UK3:K2S_XY1U[=TDVW$ST0W5P##=+$H^^M-HD9/5%?

RE'Z/Q@/DK:%?
M+FATY!LK#

(YAYA[)G6 K/9/8@MI/^


M9_@+G=








Y
M+-YQ


]'C.5P Y&X\U%6B9GGCU=QE&HXPZ
= JT^T2F=%]S&0=[7I VC3EJ3DW

MVWY03-O=/9W?U52(/#REUM6

UPD4GEQDV



0R0.WS
M)YC$:)XHIQNN_97D$NE
\EA!^)6:-Y5J@GYLD#@=![RO=NW+(O4
^
-7G&ZV



W7HB8JDD=+Z5GR/V*Z#(D/I&_6AK1_()W068[QQW
09TG)\
MO!S?NC% @D5DID
)21;G&;F3BTP94?+:B\@?H-2^/NC-CMT3#27]!=1J.R

;PF'7 YM'L9N897

WJ;_3H408G'2+02IXS
M;/_0@IWHO@]\ZGW1L$


Q^%%AD_.QR?QG=7S3M
(KX?4')\P(T@X[5_BMRW\O7PI;5WA/

M['O?!2O@/I6Z7/7*5IA8+)
V-+;OVJE1Y5A2;S*CV&S62))]P+;G\[4CSM^C
M
2_JB+Q=]SWZC


M.5N0JCS!4\.B#B5VWTQ4^75:_W[@](GG'^A
R'_O+Q:G



MW3-8BS7FKA7O)I
X

U@T48-M=E7K]RUN
M/3=XZ-)10[YE%K6


M-

=[M+M[3Z8N6;
YFM B


MO;!R1D8N3A(.


M$ @?RG9R/5[T

M';\)\8R_(OQHQR@& WC.


V7OH/6G@./HT<Z&/M'$@*OYBK42]!8+0KQF^\W ^
M+F,S'J9MG0_3=<X+P@K]M[#T4MW9AE%HG=U:S=ZOVFF!_MN
Y@COYTD;J37
M2DPT-]&D\
O24PJX)K%=0
@F:

P&B4#:[_4*D_4]
TBV5*

2$WP[O








HQ.(4S# %[? 7+W (=/^+<4_L/;1$XBQ
MWBHCUWLG?.TRV;LCWVK:S@-//L&?=D.M^^( NGIU]?8A$04=1_6#:\U?Z$T

0/9&?JN5QU^^(D[G^:[)S99*




5

+)](;-C:

3#/7
EE<DS5CT/N^K-O8<!3@2W&RLO\./I\&/


92?IB=JHYG/GO

M_@$8

O[@U7E%).RO+4X)SY\]O*PB;7]DZY?I0$64O9P0XG#N
MQ0HS]@$2A&?0N*W'8)@* !]RO^+! &Q4M/48(/
#].&S=?7 LZ +7TL-0]JS
M01:&V]$'_@!T=E#TOUP_PW%[G8)Z]B
8]=#[(I_ Y]C1RU]_Y.XS MO\I )L


$

-F_0(L  #?%   6    9V=K:V)F
C(S-3(P
M
# P



M=@'^VP7W A[A)2(2
@HJVO






9P?%=5:5R()=RF
MK%?3*I! B$^ MU]<\C0EV,SMS\49-RM%4IR]%UM?Z[E4HW)O?H542%[CGV(

M&






/F!LR&O


GQ/(TO8QHK
M'C7@*] ;8^/[-.Y-!F.&W5'X\CQL[G]G+'-CV/#!D44VM:DJ/E)7BR1(GL


M7[K#(Q\LMZ+3X8N-FLJE.\L.]== 4Z;_=.HFG&+)P 1B$E);#+VS.%YBRH


C@^M0V:XL_)5N=N./2-TX
MT]NE.EG%4+&/'P#7E$JXX):Q;Q@K*]Q[_Z:B-JYV-*'A&=_!J.!-GG.OL
MAS7C0E==F-.=9UK(Y#UCKF9.;/+4L8[QE$0


MZT$)NL&2V



@&H.R)0_\1;
=+'O-0U!*A5:
MON8V#\OR*^+&!L/+^L$D46Z ^#F_7#E)$5MZO%;TG(4S2)MG9]M-)97E-^


M



-F&EFQ
])F&_




!EP\?Y--&&Y.&UZC&&[HCLOT


M)MSP[^QX.*;GTKP$8);4(2=S:C
KA ^JKS_@Q)6?:+$8KC30^\?P\/ 0]
%
MH*PG]#?5VHBJ=:_9Q)R=WF


F7M

?


$#NQK:K8V*PL21I86N_SFR$3/


MG-3?@?L:$:=

3$W67V(@0B['


(8=-UI^61&=L
C6!RGK5[[C8%4VWM;LR


:CXHM.SC^\%VR

M*7ZO%8]BB=J5RW%KZKH]_#I5H^EN;$)7P4)+^9K5+C*8DJ2]#VE\=L9K#2*$


#

M*PK+NR%/M91:I$QE


M=3Z)&6EB$;

_[[*8E5&-]YN&_WI6!:NZ=JQ@^:3K&T@R





Z953B*0B)RJA-X)GKZ

*Y'OR? #=OSXF\T--X'.F%B

+XKUV3W!=L!<(,Q ?X0..6OC!JVUY_ 62.AO]EV@U,S
M=H<T]@3(6FS5*O\-UQ&F:-.;'+^%MSE(;HG2#1UV?Z:HYE<JB)

M/H

M4?+Q[7Y_'.^O8CI)O%,5DUB,H48S&G42Z%(H7-J]2? O(C0I5;KA#:
QW-





MX0'GOEOM+$N.

W1UZ@






R@AS]*\MA






M0F/R$@=WN\,KT-(V8M5F*EBYN;JRM8DR  J0UBA]B4=P7$4N1\0?V&_1FZL
M\GY3_'M.K6FS&6$W[V.@:5$[9VZW9[A11@2W\0 \MYZX_2B;AO(%5Q_91%



M)AFSMU4O7].)3I-
1T$



A








EQEG

2?@')^

YQA/4:[\G3D;+#3MFG!

I*/&2\4O[9D(O':O2SGRSA
MS5XNJ-A/'/D9^\B=5;VH)SAQ'/LD7U!B\F6_:86T0LR]9ZW7%_/#;DE-WD^[

M/S0ZP4WK(I^W)19
6;.PQW&1U(-Y0]-8]E#Q3

@&
$+JFK\(F<FKB0\T 0J Y<'O*^Y=RDKH=2])*R32T-GMP^-^^4?*WN'
M4-'3 S (

8O_RSN^+X;B?-TIFC:4F:G9:R_68%YS6*


Y6#AEQZT
MW/GUTZGS?W9:&9JI\P;T]1F[8Z58DE


)\=_OQ'E2VRO

M]&



 #C'L(?FTZLJB2&)_6N@K&N_IF*=3NL

G$ 76(ZDGM('3M0

+A
=$3A3 O9]0)Y#
MFD+Y\!G<72I<!3&%M_\)@LM_%2JAC&4.;]_=8!/Z*E9
C)


U

3G1+7U8*F\6
H_F^G/'Y*G3Y
JSY$55<\TLWZ$0[
^@ZEOZKOJ



M#^^E9TR?U[=
L[0;SU
K0._Q0^*&+'O
C;F0@F:=IH/IK65_
V99?3-JC*6D


1^
MB83PG5N/[8 O6N/



H72$KY_27)97RYRYJQ6XK_KCDYI=V<,Z)V8GK=P7XRKPRN
M$M:QF:;VZ;-5&4'MQ_B.8/@H0=%LLF#W8J'_H;U=:]#OMNANUH4Y6\*;D:YV
ML[V87$20B:IP^<FX=6#[L?HYMZK0TF3\L5







M2[G0?ZT1?'#RS'1/;$XHZOQ9&M6UGIDNHM2Z@W 9:CVL;].]N8Q)0/!5')(M


M](HM4Z%F2AON]5VD6D==3FF&^!'0E.2Y-.4;5Y=W*=&@.(_XSP57PV5&T3GO




2]C@)I80+ ICFF$(C:11

S 06V[





M'ES?G\ M;+%I/R-D$1MA:@229KCT.26LFY@M8[.K0B%N-7RR^$^Z_;;U%O



M1(*;U%*U51'S'?=;XY*3(\/C5S0+$9?SAW-K G3**DHYT9Y3/G0P587%2NTA


U 
$?

5#<G A$$&B)*#%;N 3#?(OG:.V;(/9^I(;3U
M9$E.MTIC?_;10RSN9@6;%D@M8$S=]ME;P*


8_U=7CG*1KP%
56D:



M_T$HS3C36Y-]:IRV6;+AZ80Q:#T;





MROA!Q@8E_V_&J@0)ETK/46B.P$L.4I141HB_!&![![&V^L.D\Y;4811H_4G7

MMW_%=R+BTQ*!@B#^U87M_42A!+U(;Z6*^7 S9D;67BZ.N$.L\6EP/$NV'&)C




Y=:


\(P/





3_]L=D+
*$33&=!0!07(1WCK#P 3NT5.JP@0V[J89
M\Z7L\Z6K7Z+VJEUD2J&[8DL0
Y


23





F S)M4SG

MU%V\6GL&1] [_B)V^AQEX-8PV]T)C#DO'OTN
















72?S](64=





Y


I7UH[U[@A6M4 @?UP;:[O





[L\DOY*
M749G6Z]5X6


1J$_AI6W

MX EM'.3Q*Y^PH?YFR\@_A(.X&P%8=MH5G(@Y86%4'_[J8EL%;?:2?NU0LQ

C3G@-+KS_6*)TCPRW6:0
5C0F$R@[-8OV+0*OZXVD



58/Z#;@BJ9OWQ45$\^ \ 7<OSV 1N3IN4M




M=4?-)MO.0H

/OE8=UT9S$%3
ZCE9X<Z\F[:+ZZI^<



5&JWUY2

MPRI[#Y157





Q'[IKP?=]8E5Z-J


R


N)$D-G&
!45JIW;7R]'4J\*5BZH5<Y]4;2[7HW:<(F]</KY




MFG!!Y9]B[./_Y^NY_Z[%JV\63

M.:O9NE$H1[O




)-5(\DMH*J* Y7O4S



MO:A@I(GBF13@2^A=^.1%&2E=:&YDF39Y!@LUH;GO.?JV-%3?.%D[LG 63]=$


M-I;/HWWSDN1S0ZHJ:S[4/(QB2='\75%$?A7/0U+4M*VLN=):W8W^'&6(6990
ME6I1+U









M\W;J#-SF]J%+LE1.4D);\E)0#1J%\SR$*DK\.ISPDXNAEIE0TOC?OY95MB/
MV.Q'W80N^#P=&Y6*=68ZX[K@S@X+9KW5%04M#ZIZ7;.

V ;!I%

M-^M=/Z5XX(8_\$[A%B

S;A



MFA/*C_==L=@4]0M1GY$EX



MBO\-BBCD5SY#?@HQF///[6@H1H25C]%0ZE.#*@I]^D$!I]^

QAP7D^V
(('A4#DP:


'I379?]4

5VK

M])X8%D%^Q'9B]KT.2LHD[

F?G!/VA+B_]]JOEURHF!_:GK

M?1S:)1MZCO.9GEL'C=JJC=\RG#]5\_V)HA3? !(^7E%?]1J0[Y$67AZB]1







M










MC7



MEHFA'%E


MIZ.X@]2TH+&-/P#W


WYRATYC&RZWM




\8BZ]'0EC$1:F??1Q']7S5[XB5@O+X5,<_Z)
?]GW'P1='_?_QO0K:UM3H:
M^6(X85'Q2=ZC/2
%O  [\OF#Y+O,W8-_5X(M)
MSLR5[4IOR,HR5P#+?MU@R$5Z(/XTA;#<5G-,R#NKYWQ8]VH4C&6 JJFJE:K

Q@_
\FQ1WDD9I#CXOYT
'1BH&
MX1%N_.TQJ1%%
1^;F:@[A6/[D4SD



M[23W/K((_ 8
C$ESU/-'J?\'5()V:1F.Y$9C?'U6W:N;H[#V)09KF+1J58YQ


MZ+?MHU%;

M2688\V

MBX+OR(;3QV0OIJL

MS/!,_^\]%'2)**/$58 US5_5Q2#JVF(\G(['$Z[72%^KAQ?H[U(YHWU
3J





M!TNA'J31

M/A5+4O^_'N.W$R^

M5R2]\V?K=VL'UZ^=5:TXG8L2O@!N-=F@&8P*
2:\%WO=:39;?QK8?]7/[+;*

:=(.UG^T+;XO+TQ^7=Z?IJE-AM



++U\$@*@LJPMZN




M\HAM$ __*G1']Y:NQ4@ZM@_!ASO_]M-W/YWUYH$:T_R%3 ?OQ]G-+N#E63

M'7=WNSZZ$E4F1];K]K]4&V1C5[H=WK!H+H59LY


?&@+#_1+2:S@
R9^DDU;0^7T






MLC&K]9S*2/M!!V/0JRBQ5^[];@Q^_:-OC-Z=W0/C%
1M^[=*:?3Y+%19SWB.

M6QM(;Z5A:;GB)YI\DFJ:[&*):XKV$5N
O.UC@YRE7-N0#0FQ7=Y**]V0^K]C5H_O#2J


4L#8C
M86

B4:$K &<;D^=KP5J34G5=6PL'UNBB)LPZ%

M\QM Z6JKP+.=[/$T!)U.E(Z9M[Z?_I








%^M84H68O#Z2X.)XV#_

F)%&QD-J8BWY

+K[:+_R?WLED!S<.;] )L


3&^G$





]\WA*ZXA..2!6%0'@[[%MI:



]YY7K^TD
?
MNAP'8;T.1VV

&VAJX+EDE


MV; E&5U\[7]9/7VV
O5E

M& MS9D8T8+R/(W
!C)B9(!C9@I\WQQ/0EVAU./EA_)[??&*A8


W#0]TVCL@F[+5=?H=CVQNU/KW5X4KU!-@Q[*77Y_0-'9E

M7!9
%Y*
I







+[)L



1_W+'?;B






JNU9*3'6/:RTX-^^2\9ZP7NB=]-55 \5


*.5$.._C]OI\IG%*[T5_U





B

3IZ3/B9Q[O


N%#




'9AZ3OY*P_M#X9$Q-O





M;T!@XJ1WU)A6E+D(Y


U('59]
M4E_:W(J$LAQ?QY&'0'CT&9=Z8PL:1OYTJ[0':0PU_M*ID-GY-YV*H;$_.A6T

:2C.N0L*)&RG

[%J
'(%]K?(
:*3M$2


3W*^23IV-3B+

MVDY@S@RH6SL)
M8W!'HGSQZ#1I5%D:-2-L+D1R

MW H*L#::WS;8

M

W



M7]NA^_WB
?;3^@V(=+P8O6M\@%9^6;^R1/L7?P/\[!:O+
MUWRL 3?^AU_K_

TW5UL2F[*:%8(








M

M+52)$$^S^!83SM7GJ+9+E(M
^X6I-I+K.PLIT75:


M
Y$6YDD)_CYZQD/A#7<-6:^+0GW^;IQ
O
M+

M*Y9X^2N/%9V6


M=V3*4X#? 5UC@GV_YGSBXE0Q(

1ZB[X'AO


$1W
E%5O

M;RP[!$]P^.[EXW]QL9AQZQ4 JS&E

MZC*]GI(T2






]Z:UP+ZE.5/+!84

M


MNF0]?122Y#FR+UQ.(E %2AHPE%O+7=:@:D.$-;=^Y/L_N-5!7?3_D\DR'S*9



T CU89:XNKI/4:)-ZM--Q;ENX





P-D8)4I


WH.C&T
F9PBGPII\FU



M2TL3WC.Y.6^W2@

/1?''




/


)&

@\W3*&F%


S8S97&ID+4$D)Z]A4


?.'

D$DM7WE^7][M;U6<[]=35 Z.U6U!IDH3^!GI[SA+5HA(R
J_OH6%
MOY)/^ZP!^Z5D-FZAM O'NGZIU#3/T).6$,*D4JO'P(!N.$@:^U/A@/X7CQA
M \G(C5BM2'KHC%8IR0E1:!Z!G@XT%TU1L,U[BM^9%CK]]JQU7ELHP2-FJ!1


WO+/O!TD1Q==MC^O





V7MT;9H
]WA( M$


M70QMVQ6KF- P



M8R7UZ

O$Z[BBD)@E/K'&Y
M!.%@%I%7=OR^Q6.%6B\5+*C7I\@NL\)/QM;#9[ES)T#.WU-%[H2W&*57]?

[$7;D$\ZU(:JM!J_]VG
M:P;B/=?1)W*RDPH?;0&!)X8=0)=3#X ROU$2BD6=BW



%?[6#%%D





MB3?]$+H,'KK%36#OB;_28/AI -/=S,:!-:.\-U7R)E?JVQ/,^OA.O^A)XCK
M63D@0+KW\:N,A.ZNC5].EW[OOZX) KM X*4B*AA08 YMU6^86+\;^4;QM==


M @0($! @  ! @3\5B"0W\!4$L#!!0    ( %$R653\SPL1,  *03   6
M    9V=K:V)F,C(S-3(P,# P,#$P+FIP9YV79534W;?'?TB72#. ## (Z J
MW6







M
NIU=
R;V+BT](S



M2

 H]SB/1L_B+Q^XYKY
MC]TW1. MA B$P4ZF.D.( ,]$V(S@A4K;#^^JBMODYWWUNTX$!GF^CPX(R)



YRN$H%$XYD//DD\%-2R
MV WS+9)?
#EQ37*=*/X\O@?LVDE;#@6*?CBOS&#G]L&[+J



GBV0[_PI*D

20U&1SSXYDE5




MHTL]3YT



$D'IFI/C


B%!DFAM%VE4?+5PY?&[/X/F99V7VG!AS9E*UK?
F &O$'5
M;CD+_#=K)#%I(#* ,?'?Q^]6^ OG!$YM%-74QR-G?;'6KGL4?NFB;=N&V*


CW^81 7395PNMX%\R







MO44:!K&DOEKNMMLV;



0/!

/@YGS9 WU50&YC=W$OX./*_T.0REG[:OT\B!)-MN?DH8?BUK

M;DZL2UYFPQ_5 1!81_VUL&Z\_I@/4\D.I%))Y+M-OGHP#]L-]]PY'!=L#IJ4
S)[
M#C.RI%*_=5]V\7
ORSYS7(+$0=.80%




M



1Q'LAT=Y800D[_&JDS1[8\
MGNSU&LCJGY_TP

MLU#25TJXSG0?



[ADMH]3%Z&S'68[?:A?(K0D1


$%
M  @ 43)94((#=A=26@  VH
  !8   !G9VMK8F8R
C
U
C P
# P
3$N:G!G

M&NY[T[=[_K[=K]_

# P
M@
'3!X#. Z( 

MDN

'!PL
A(


M?7-[]QM=



M #0XF*?+@\

M!2QKU5LH(&0


8?*)YGA7!






M7Y)QN9\!/6Q+ED1=/





9:;M?+JA $7!1K!Y$J3.EG]$6&=[*;]_O2@$Q'S)7XWZ


_<3VT^&
M+XA

M7QA/E#S'$[Y.^FZ)DN;GGN-7)0X8&K0TPV0(#DP&;SBWC+;J9.D#JQ-&C*2(

4-I\CF!'Y$D/W



I/ZFBOI8G[%$2-]J*NOXF+C^@5C)[?/T:#17
T%$187E)K(_X
M ;4W;UGH;






D5 ?HKWGO2BRTHL?B[XXZ^ Z&TC+6D!9K4GRRTDN$KNP_J



:(O=Y!+AF&PK





+$V==VR ^+PQ30L







MIDX=;6G%5/B%VX5ZBKAG*$^Z9EQ;:WZVG;+&GYX*/BJ:0I5POSVOG\3I_:ET
,\++V._A;B+SLI'O)8L_I*7I#*=/8'GD5Y=&_@R^<<F


M T'

YF$Y57=90BQIYSAQ[.

IN'^4@Q)
M3'OQIU)RH9FE9I3;X]#IVI^E3TIK=*
O)*
QO!4[-C;Y+*7.B!B;:3:U8[M
M2=@N =I8$
E81\[L^UB6635!9X7U

M75]Q1(9^K14_WI=.L6?QTRF+;^$WJFM:6ZF:S&Q2IX4PJQ=%SAZCR!@[7*


7'Z+G*0T_
AE:TB%'W(MB
M#P=48TB\DX*;\N5A.2BQ6SVS8\ZH_R)8*TO@
EJ*SER24Q
&BRKC7K**1
47



M7
4;7PHFI%D!DT$#XTMKEJLU0?RY_/'OPQ#!UR$;$&[DL8N:EGNKW5JC?==C
MH3=-Y_M-A








MDS:J6SYMXEJ8(/%LL90E

I5WYNF(ZV34_^Z3Z
$\W


4[W_IK,X^(IAL&=QLZ*/+*Y)## LJ:VS@Y^2NF+L
M(TTSN5;F<U&CY+-%N:





AV9FNV$+9*43=QWFS7KLL
ND




MH N. A(K8D!YJ[KE/45XZ JVUYHY'1



-JTZ+\

MYSOAC2V
?\W)







MV/.)#+%T5$@%8-A) /\NOID7DLKI[LKY SD\;$&N7Z44I[?T]23TPQ3;(E

1J*V#8UH9#JEWE=L:/TUIJ(Z4.L[/)J1^D.


M-S8WA-9?!]]

M\
[U?-B\3SBVFK)WVBCN@@<PIPWGH+:K0ZA*:-LV3PK
M:_L7AT2@)._8Y%MLE)=00

*P@1'7!


M[)I16GI
JGXO1_INBCZM*)
W(0XI7[GA3



M?KNO
1PM3WH


(2$O83#&DI=
M'U?@#IPTYQX41[.K.08JBOJ)'E:^@I

F9&X
GD+*


-I+[G#7QJG


M!79

DPNGRF4NM5
M


MT*TV.2WP

^YQGI8PNGM


K
#
;
X]:DAS+W&E:\\L
3*R
MCPW):;=+:


\^=RQ/EK

FK
PI)5I



\6=#5H0NU


4U!]BZJ-@0@IPQ'W
MCI6?2 RSU6
Y-6VW+$?.%H:UX3=N44BW^+_\3%9^\] ZD2?Y!P$.[_TD
):N
MO(F=S;J?H7\WJWF$@F8RSWJ%)+4EC#P-R8:#+D.YLQHI@8D[']=4T%/$!UH
M&)O]D@&=]W?;*??'.56 _.]=-LTB


7DE=7VN

MJR-SB#D*0=J2Z-V]_8P;5\S.Y##?@RN.-/ *OSSN+^T.D9-/..?GPF/5K!

UV+T/*TQHDJ/3! ]5MYUW0)M#YYS
M$GGOP!%V+7=AD+C*#$$]+59.?#W\RE^WI0_!N8X:=:6:$@UV^$N2U_T$ V'
M']AK6XY3


_OSP*12^M
6=-WK

M(GPCY


MU





M'!N#@: :V^7Y01[Q?M\!_K3YL]
VW5?7R@+BJK#--M$W1-6JFC6J![4$=;[
M%DNR3;B;MJNKBLO1NP=]D






6^)3G[X;^FU+J3[S()ACYRWUW.P
MWKBBY.,-UNJ!(I[%,9=F)[E+4?H.66*&/4@RGG+/*YAR KY(+?:U1J$3ZB?



.22




C=!QBB63[)]O;52KG%
M/(J5BG6_&24RNL:8I;XB[4[&.5$GGGL/$]$V(5/PK_R.VWD*$T^BEM5!R:P)
MFA2[PS(R^TRIDHK-CZ'/8?IWD&C2!M/+'L
^9\WWXA78UL9H]EHZ
(HC)[*Q
MY1#;/Y-;#SC'D


MOB66?.9!L4T=NJL:D%F^TTG5T#1




-46%OAKDO;S[D1$QM


6M3?+M%Q];3SA(<A8


.27W]OV




MOZB
8!Y\R7
T:D_
CF/1





M6 _0=CU;GI78[





N]6QY2B\/-8:I#D3VGI[UO
MT5\Z^E!:U*\O/.NU3&
B1T01!)YD.70^'!S7@+:Z)4]3 :OUYB%'CB$)3!J





W









CD$@=@=G+

MSZ7Q5*7

&^134=[(=Q5?/'?R#P[L?UVE;C;-O-I\

MJRMT!4D0F!A(F@JO^(L\\_Y+1P+B=X-&VS32PEM]%JDS0XU8FHU5=5_^:^'L
M5NO?['UMU KMP4K9F4%$_I%*A*4G&!Z]K 2JS-/6'9GQ;%&;]=-P@!$RD5




D;




__)KVD; S/B^DOQ&]!!/42FO!E=]U4[Z


L+EPO)',3R5+3SCJ?(DS+< U=X6%$OGR^Q65?Q!VB@F1$:5UR++&

9IQ2Q]^$V 3_[#'N;&#YV_YQ\_Q MJ&'J8A+*%Y'P[& 'R$KZA?5L#W
Z?
MPE+QHN+YG)0N

M!HT:4C*-#6=WU][P[JSYZ3W^71U2D+N77.B=5*I&ES]SO=*F!/\%R4490X1P

/?KXY*N\/$YST9;=_[
08G1F\]V





:






PW=$2W.-']/^2JO^9]7LP^[4\/2_S?VKONJ*BR-/_(
M!(,Y Q%D0Y9R6+@)*+:)%S1K 1!%%)19(@68+D3!44@H#DG%
50;)$R2H4


MXD
IH24[L=#AZTV5KN)K)M







MB6[S+1GKAX:MG
T\LFH[BX8&%\=PG 





M\*\31? #CQZC



M9BKQZ79H!&%2OT?\(M1WL4&5/ UM)088PCN\&)LZ8WA\#Z&_@15D.L'J


S@%2=Y(5'-NA^QSM:L/ZUU2W/1IWHF90
ELR



MVNTKZH0%)1F32P&1%*VW/'._R.Z1^/LF7[6_TKH
2AZB]=*K;6;(95[7JL(!


;4]

MO

Q'/ -*KJ2TSC\MZ4+
8YT#ITF#Z8








3-

T7+LA6;@J

&L2M'WY!P0SU'R/!UY*J;5








_W98#7P9^H7FS[  WS3Y*]G@][  WS3Z+15&J/]\S*-'K$T(@^!%?.9^


B6 )+?]3U574@+

M?UR-$6GQQHY%F6+BN*2^D
JP=


B*.Z8[W$'*:5E9Z!FC
M0*\JD-^= #KX8+.
HFMQ%6LEGMXZ\5#SYQ+JOUOB2D[QU6?(FP*^Y$+310@HKBI TAHM
M2YU3-Y,]DV*Y?SDD76SR]2664A_FBD46O#V99^6\-%J-PTM#AY+R/GZQ':*
M5MW;Y16=C*G$^$C-$_%M#JSRK

MO=S?I=!@C6$*78X/4@HS3$H'Z#0L^PI5PR-P6N*\Z,$-R(TJ10*.^BM:?*Q
MV'?: #OU1TY$HR+#=\*EIO86!WJ;O,0./A=L1)L=A)K=CUU9[U=50)FTV6#X
MDB](M^3K2;HJB:TN'S:O=74Q:G!'BVC/(=NO(0PB(@OU@P'\OP63RKOZTOV

!(?9*/HFLLPGN?




$[0=1V5G9F2)3FFLMW(
L



M51FXEQFHN6&\DCE1A3(U:9B.
;[% 8=!+U$!+SL5$HSG@W&C@F

M;:UOFSS2A%*Q(*XF&N(-5*B;TUYI $


M#NF4@$5DH$ N+'U=


MY9D74_&BM+PK6(1Q(V[7
?P*I/?Z:W8


M$O_
G

MSFOJ.?'
M3)&V-UM:4EGIM0^WX 6Z2QX42J3J#\85*

P;;8<@[X;S0H?U#<:5L)\@X#8[#RX=X5:RPO=*2[E3=#PMPW!5







:4-)ME:\%
M&+Y^I

-4<14U*C9WHQZ_Z^A_94*$W4FH?

MSZ942O@5/UZGTF'MDPC51&.?
S[^J7(WJ)]FU7OGD(&$=ZZW*!^?J.(Q)!60



/N7WT!QB=\$.=]\2
8NP6;)G
ME
-BT1;:UX'L20+_WPIU/9$:WEP';HJC5AI)71O$4_?A@B8QALW(OFTE+NLP


M]+%JIH@[(_BC:MUD&;31@D\R[FJN:F;B\SAN%5OL.?$L!$FM.MI?MYF 'DK_

4     !1,EE0D%R%=^03  !5VP  $0
M            @ &CD@( 9G)P=TR
#$Y
3(S

M

C Q.3$R
S%?9&5F+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( %$R
M65!QAOW5T7D  


#$Y
3(S



5\Q
YH=&U02P$% 

Q
5\Y+FAT;5!+ 0(4 Q0

EE0C K-

M2P$% ,4     !1

C
U
C P
# P
#(N:G!G
M4$L! A0#%     @ 43)94*&N^ JR.@  UCL  !8              ( !T?T#
M &=G:VMB9C(R
S4R
# P
# P

EE0' E'L]\=
M  !
'P  %@              @ &W. 0 9V=K:V)F
C(S-3(P
# P
# T+FIP

M! !G9VMK8F8R
C
U
C P
# P
#4N:G!G4$L! A0#%     @ 43)94 YW+FO#
M
0  C#(  !8              ( !M68$ &=G:VMB9C(R
S4R
# P
# P-BYJ

EE0.1^Y==\=  #I'@  %@              @ &L
MF 0 9V=K:V)F
C(S-3(P
# P
# W+FIP9U!+ 0(4 Q0    ( %$R65#F[BG'

4     !1,EE0D_,\
M+ D3  D$P  %@              @ %;=04 9V=K:V)F
C(S-3(P
# P
#$P

 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByAssetClassAxis=us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=us-gaap_ProductMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSoldDepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_NatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfOperatingSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDepreciationMethods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowanceIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsRelatedToTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidAdvertising'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_NatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis=us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201409Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_NatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerAssetNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_NatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_TransportationEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_NatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=frpt_RefrigerationEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_NatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_NatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_NatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_NatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_NatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_RetirementPlanTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessDescriptionAndAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockCommonShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardCompensationCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardCompensationCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardCompensationCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardCompensationCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardCompensationCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardCompensationCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=frpt_PerformanceBasedOptionsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_UnrecognizedCompensationCostsPerformanceBasedAwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardPerformanceTargetRangingStartDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardPerformanceTargetRangingEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingAggregateIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=frpt_PerformanceBasedOptionsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardCompensationCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=frpt_PerformanceBasedOptionsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardCompensationCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=frpt_PerformanceVestedStockOptionsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=frpt_TwoThousandTenStockPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=frpt_TwoThousandTenStockPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=frpt_TwoThousandFourteenOmnibusIncentivePlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfAdditionalSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=frpt_TwoThousandFourteenOmnibusIncentivePlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=frpt_TwoThousandFourteenOmnibusIncentivePlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_CostOfSalesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=frpt_CapitalExpendituresMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockDividendsAndOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=frpt_RefrigerationEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LandBuildingsAndImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_TransportationEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WarrantsAndRightsNoteDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_WarrantDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NatureOfOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_TreasuryStockPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_RevenueRecognitionShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'

 Plant and Equipment,
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipment,
     shortName: Property
 Plant and Equipment,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R11: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100100 - Disclosure - Income Taxes,
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxes,
     shortName: Income Taxes,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R12: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:AccountsPayableAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesDisclosureCurrentTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100110 - Disclosure - Accrued Expenses,
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureAccruedExpenses,
     shortName: Accrued Expenses,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:AccountsPayableAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesDisclosureCurrentTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R13: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:DebtDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100120 - Disclosure - Debt,
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureDebt,
     shortName: Debt,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:DebtDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R14: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100130 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies,
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingencies,
     shortName: Commitments and Contingencies,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R15: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: frpt:WarrantDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100140 - Disclosure - Warrant,
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureWarrant,
     shortName: Warrant,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: frpt:WarrantDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R16: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100150 - Disclosure - Equity Incentive Plans and Equity,
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquity,
     shortName: Equity Incentive Plans and Equity,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R17: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100160 - Disclosure - Net Loss Attributable to Common Stockholders,
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetLossAttributableToCommonStockholders,
     shortName: Net Loss Attributable to Common Stockholders,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R18: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: frpt:RetirementPlanTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100170 - Disclosure - Retirement Plan,
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureRetirementPlan,
     shortName: Retirement Plan,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: frpt:RetirementPlanTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R19: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100180 - Disclosure - Related Party Transactions,
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureRelatedPartyTransactions,
     shortName: Related Party Transactions,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R2: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20191231,
      decimals: 0,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: statement,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100010 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS,
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS,
     shortName: CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20191231,
      decimals: 0,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R20: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ConcentrationRiskDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100190 - Disclosure - Concentrations,
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureConcentrations,
     shortName: Concentrations,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ConcentrationRiskDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R21: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100200 - Disclosure - Unaudited Quarterly Results,
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureUnauditedQuarterlyResults,
     shortName: Unaudited Quarterly Results,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R22: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:SubsequentEventsTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100210 - Disclosure - Subsequent Events,
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureSubsequentEvents,
     shortName: Subsequent Events,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:SubsequentEventsTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R23: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:BusinessDescriptionAndAccountingPoliciesTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:NatureOfOperations,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100220 - Disclosure - Nature of the Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Policies),
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies,
     shortName: Nature of the Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Policies),
     subGroupType: policies,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:BusinessDescriptionAndAccountingPoliciesTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:NatureOfOperations,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R24: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerPolicyTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: frpt:ScheduleOfNetSalesByCategoryTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100230 - Disclosure - Nature of the Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Tables),
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesTables,
     shortName: Nature of the Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerPolicyTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: frpt:ScheduleOfNetSalesByCategoryTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R25: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:InventoryDisclosureTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100240 - Disclosure - Inventories (Tables),
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureInventoriesTables,
     shortName: Inventories (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:InventoryDisclosureTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R26: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100250 - Disclosure - Property
 Plant and Equipment (Tables),
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentTables,
     shortName: Property
 Plant and Equipment (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R27: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100260 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Tables),
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesTables,
     shortName: Income Taxes (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R28: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:AccountsPayableAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesDisclosureCurrentTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100270 - Disclosure - Accrued Expenses (Tables),
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureAccruedExpensesTables,
     shortName: Accrued Expenses (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:AccountsPayableAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesDisclosureCurrentTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R29: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100280 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies (Tables),
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesTables,
     shortName: Commitments and Contingencies (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R3: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20191231,
      decimals: INF,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD_xbrlishares,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: statement,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100020 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Parenthetical),
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETSParenthetical,
     shortName: CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Parenthetical),
     subGroupType: parenthetical,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20191231,
      decimals: INF,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD_xbrlishares,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R30: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100290 - Disclosure - Equity Incentive Plans and Equity (Tables),
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityTables,
     shortName: Equity Incentive Plans and Equity (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R31: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100300 - Disclosure - Net Loss Attributable to Common Stockholders (Tables),
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetLossAttributableToCommonStockholdersTables,
     shortName: Net Loss Attributable to Common Stockholders (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R32: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100310 - Disclosure - Unaudited Quarterly Results (Tables),
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureUnauditedQuarterlyResultsTables,
     shortName: Unaudited Quarterly Results (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R33: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       p,
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock,
       us-gaap:BusinessDescriptionAndAccountingPoliciesTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDepreciationMethods,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100320 - Disclosure - Nature of the Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Additional Information (Details),
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails,
     shortName: Nature of the Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Additional Information (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       p,
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock,
       us-gaap:BusinessDescriptionAndAccountingPoliciesTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDepreciationMethods,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R34: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock,
       us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20191001_20191231,
      decimals: 0,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100330 - Disclosure - Nature of the Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Information About Company's Net Sales By Class of Retailer (Details),
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesInformationAboutCompanySNetSalesByClassOfRetailerDetails,
     shortName: Nature of the Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Information About Company's Net Sales By Class of Retailer (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerPolicyTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_srtProductOrServiceAxis_frptGroceryIncludingOnlineMassAndClubMember_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: 0,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R35: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock,
       us-gaap:InventoryDisclosureTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20191231,
      decimals: 0,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:InventoryWorkInProcessAndRawMaterials,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100340 - Disclosure - Inventories - Summary of Inventories (Details),
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureInventoriesSummaryOfInventoriesDetails,
     shortName: Inventories - Summary of Inventories (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock,
       us-gaap:InventoryDisclosureTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20191231,
      decimals: 0,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:InventoryWorkInProcessAndRawMaterials,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R36: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock,
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20191231,
      decimals: 0,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100350 - Disclosure - Property
 Plant and Equipment - Summary of Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net (Details),
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetDetails,
     shortName: Property
 Plant and Equipment - Summary of Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock,
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20191231,
      decimals: 0,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R37: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: 0,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:DepreciationAndAmortization,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100360 - Disclosure - Property
 Plant and Equipment - Additional Information (Details),
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditionalInformationDetails,
     shortName: Property
 Plant and Equipment - Additional Information (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_us-gaapFairValueByAssetClassAxis_us-gaapPropertyPlantAndEquipmentMember_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: 0,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:DepreciationAndAmortization,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R38: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock,
       us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: 0,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100370 - Disclosure - Income Taxes - Summary of Income Taxes (Details),
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSummaryOfIncomeTaxesDetails,
     shortName: Income Taxes - Summary of Income Taxes (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock,
       us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: 0,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R39: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: INF,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: U_xbrlipure,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100380 - Disclosure - Income Taxes - Schedule of Reconciliation of the Statutory Federal Income Tax Rate (Details),
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesScheduleOfReconciliationOfStatutoryFederalIncomeTaxRateDetails,
     shortName: Income Taxes - Schedule of Reconciliation of the Statutory Federal Income Tax Rate (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: 4,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_xbrlipure,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R4: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: 0,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: statement,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100030 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS,
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONSANDCOMPREHENSIVELOSS,
     shortName: CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: 0,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:GrossProfit,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R40: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20191231,
      decimals: 0,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100390 - Disclosure - Income Taxes - Significant Portions of the Deferred Tax Assets and Deferred Tax Liabilities (Details),
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantPortionsOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndDeferredTaxLiabilitiesDetails,
     shortName: Income Taxes - Significant Portions of the Deferred Tax Assets and Deferred Tax Liabilities (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20191231,
      decimals: 0,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R41: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20191231,
      decimals: 0,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100400 - Disclosure - Income Taxes - Additional Information (Details),
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails,
     shortName: Income Taxes - Additional Information (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20191231,
      decimals: INF,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:UnrecognizedTaxBenefits,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R42: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20191231,
      decimals: 0,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:DeferredTaxAssetsGross,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100410 - Disclosure - Income Taxes - Net Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities (Details),
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesNetDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails,
     shortName: Income Taxes - Net Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20191231,
      decimals: 0,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:DeferredTaxAssetsGross,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R43: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock,
       us-gaap:AccountsPayableAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesDisclosureCurrentTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20191231,
      decimals: 0,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: frpt:AccruedLegalContingenciesCurrent,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100420 - Disclosure - Accrued Expenses - Summary of Accrued Expenses (Details),
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureAccruedExpensesSummaryOfAccruedExpensesDetails,
     shortName: Accrued Expenses - Summary of Accrued Expenses (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock,
       us-gaap:AccountsPayableAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesDisclosureCurrentTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20191231,
      decimals: 0,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R44: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: 0,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100430 - Disclosure - Debt - Additional Information (Details),
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureDebtAdditionalInformationDetails,
     shortName: Debt - Additional Information (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       p,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20191231,
      decimals: -5,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ShortTermBorrowings,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R45: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeaseRenewalTerm,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100440 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies - Additional Information (Details),
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetails,
     shortName: Commitments and Contingencies - Additional Information (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeaseRenewalTerm,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R46: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:OperatingLeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock,
       us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20191231,
      decimals: 4,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_xbrlipure,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100450 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies - Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term And Discount Rate Related To Operating Leases (Details),
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTermAndDiscountRateRelatedToOperatingLeasesDetails,
     shortName: Commitments and Contingencies - Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term And Discount Rate Related To Operating Leases (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:OperatingLeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock,
       us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20191231,
      decimals: 4,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_xbrlipure,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R47: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:LeaseCostTableTextBlock,
       us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: 0,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeaseCost,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100460 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies - Summary of Costs Related to Lease Obligations (Details),
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesSummaryOfCostsRelatedToLeaseObligationsDetails,
     shortName: Commitments and Contingencies - Summary of Costs Related to Lease Obligations (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:LeaseCostTableTextBlock,
       us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: 0,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeaseCost,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R48: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       frpt:ScheduleOfSupplementalCashFlowInformationRelatedToLeasesTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: 0,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeasePayments,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100470 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies - Supplemental Cash Flow Information And Non-cash Activity Relating To Operating Leases (Details),
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesSupplementalCashFlowInformationAndNonCashActivityRelatingToOperatingLeasesDetails,
     shortName: Commitments and Contingencies - Supplemental Cash Flow Information And Non-cash Activity Relating To Operating Leases (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       frpt:ScheduleOfSupplementalCashFlowInformationRelatedToLeasesTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: 0,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeasePayments,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R49: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20191231,
      decimals: 0,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100480 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies - Summary of Future Minimum Payments Due Under Lease Obligations (Details),
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesSummaryOfFutureMinimumPaymentsDueUnderLeaseObligationsDetails,
     shortName: Commitments and Contingencies - Summary of Future Minimum Payments Due Under Lease Obligations (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20191231,
      decimals: 0,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R5: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20161231,
      decimals: 0,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:StockholdersEquity,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: statement,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100040 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY,
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCHANGESINSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY,
     shortName: CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20161231,
      decimals: 0,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:StockholdersEquity,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R50: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20181231,
      decimals: 0,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100500 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies - Future Minimum Payments Due (Details),
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueDetails,
     shortName: Commitments and Contingencies - Future Minimum Payments Due (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20181231,
      decimals: 0,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R51: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       srt:ContractualObligationFiscalYearMaturityScheduleTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_us-gaapOtherCommitmentsAxis_frptManufacturingAndServicingObligationsMember_20191231,
      decimals: 0,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ContractualObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100510 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies - Future Minimum Payments Due Under Manufacturing and Service Obligations (Details),
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueUnderManufacturingAndServiceObligationsDetails,
     shortName: Commitments and Contingencies - Future Minimum Payments Due Under Manufacturing and Service Obligations (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       srt:ContractualObligationFiscalYearMaturityScheduleTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_us-gaapOtherCommitmentsAxis_frptManufacturingAndServicingObligationsMember_20191231,
      decimals: 0,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ContractualObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R52: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       frpt:WarrantDisclosureTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20191231,
      decimals: INF,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRights,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_xbrlishares,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100520 - Disclosure - Warrant - Additional Information (Details),
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureWarrantAdditionalInformationDetails,
     shortName: Warrant - Additional Information (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       frpt:WarrantDisclosureTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20191231,
      decimals: INF,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRights,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_xbrlishares,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R53: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: 0,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100530 - Disclosure - Equity Incentive Plans and Equity - Additional Information (Details),
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityAdditionalInformationDetails,
     shortName: Equity Incentive Plans and Equity - Additional Information (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: 0,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R54: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: 2,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD_xbrlishares,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100540 - Disclosure - Equity Incentive Plans and Equity - Summary of Stock Options Outstanding and Changes under Plans (Details),
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfStockOptionsOutstandingAndChangesUnderPlansDetails,
     shortName: Equity Incentive Plans and Equity - Summary of Stock Options Outstanding and Changes under Plans (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapEmployeeStockOptionMember_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: INF,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_xbrlishares,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R55: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       p,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: 2,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD_xbrlishares,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100550 - Disclosure - Equity Incentive Plans and Equity - Summary of Nonvested Service Period Stock Options (Details),
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfNonvestedServicePeriodStockOptionsDetails,
     shortName: Equity Incentive Plans and Equity - Summary of Nonvested Service Period Stock Options (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfNonvestedShareActivityTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_us-gaapAwardTypeAxis_us-gaapEmployeeStockOptionMember_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: INF,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedNumberOfShares,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_xbrlishares,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R56: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: 2,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD_xbrlishares,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100560 - Disclosure - Equity Incentive Plans and Equity - Expected Dividend Yield Valuation Model (Details),
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityExpectedDividendYieldValuationModelDetails,
     shortName: Equity Incentive Plans and Equity - Expected Dividend Yield Valuation Model (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: 4,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_xbrlipure,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R57: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: INF,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:PreferredStockDividendsAndOtherAdjustments,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100570 - Disclosure - Net Loss Attributable to Common Stockholders - Additional Information (Details),
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetLossAttributableToCommonStockholdersAdditionalInformationDetails,
     shortName: Net Loss Attributable to Common Stockholders - Additional Information (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: INF,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:PreferredStockDividendsAndOtherAdjustments,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R58: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTextBlock,
       us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: INF,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_xbrlishares,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100580 - Disclosure - Net Loss Attributable to Common Stockholders - Schedule of Potentially Dilutive Securities Excluded from Determination of Diluted Loss per Share
 as Their Effect is Antidilutive (Details),
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetLossAttributableToCommonStockholdersScheduleOfPotentiallyDilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromDeterminationOfDilutedLossPerShareAsTheirEffectIsAntidilutiveDetails,
     shortName: Net Loss Attributable to Common Stockholders - Schedule of Potentially Dilutive Securities Excluded from Determination of Diluted Loss per Share
 as Their Effect is Antidilutive (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTextBlock,
       us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: INF,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_xbrlishares,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R59: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       frpt:RetirementPlanTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: 0,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionAmount,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100590 - Disclosure - Retirement Plan - Additional Information (Details),
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureRetirementPlanAdditionalInformationDetails,
     shortName: Retirement Plan - Additional Information (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       frpt:RetirementPlanTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: 0,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionAmount,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R6: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: 0,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ProfitLoss,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: statement,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100050 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS,
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS,
     shortName: CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: 0,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ProfitLoss,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R60: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       us-gaap:RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190610_20190610,
      decimals: INF,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: frpt:OwnershipInterestSharesSoldByRelatedPartyEntity,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_xbrlishares,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100600 - Disclosure - Related Party Transactions - Additional Information (Details),
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureRelatedPartyTransactionsAdditionalInformationDetails,
     shortName: Related Party Transactions - Additional Information (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       us-gaap:RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190610_20190610,
      decimals: INF,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: frpt:OwnershipInterestSharesSoldByRelatedPartyEntity,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_xbrlishares,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R61: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       p,
       us-gaap:ConcentrationRiskDisclosureTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis_us-gaapSalesRevenueNetMember_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis_us-gaapCustomerConcentrationRiskMember_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: 2,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ConcentrationRiskPercentage1,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_xbrlipure,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100610 - Disclosure - Concentrations - Additional Information (Details),
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureConcentrationsAdditionalInformationDetails,
     shortName: Concentrations - Additional Information (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       p,
       us-gaap:ConcentrationRiskDisclosureTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis_us-gaapSalesRevenueNetMember_us-gaapConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis_us-gaapCustomerConcentrationRiskMember_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: 2,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:ConcentrationRiskPercentage1,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_xbrlipure,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R62: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock,
       us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20191001_20191231,
      decimals: 0,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100620 - Disclosure - Unaudited Quarterly Results - Schedule of Unaudited Quarterly Results (Details),
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureUnauditedQuarterlyResultsScheduleOfUnauditedQuarterlyResultsDetails,
     shortName: Unaudited Quarterly Results - Schedule of Unaudited Quarterly Results (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock,
       us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20191001_20191231,
      decimals: 0,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:OperatingIncomeLoss,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R63: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       us-gaap:SubsequentEventsTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_us-gaapCreditFacilityAxis_frptNewCreditFacilityMember_us-gaapSubsequentEventTypeAxis_us-gaapSubsequentEventMember_20200224_20200224,
      decimals: -5,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:LineOfCreditFacilityIncreaseDecreaseForPeriodNet,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100630 - Disclosure - Subsequent Events - Additional Information (Details),
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureSubsequentEventsAdditionalInformationDetails,
     shortName: Subsequent Events - Additional Information (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p,
       us-gaap:SubsequentEventsTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_us-gaapCreditFacilityAxis_frptNewCreditFacilityMember_us-gaapSubsequentEventTypeAxis_us-gaapSubsequentEventMember_20200224_20200224,
      decimals: -5,
      first: true,
      lang: null,
      name: us-gaap:LineOfCreditFacilityIncreaseDecreaseForPeriodNet,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: U_iso4217USD,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R7: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:BusinessDescriptionAndAccountingPoliciesTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100060 - Disclosure - Nature of the Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPolicies,
     shortName: Nature of the Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:BusinessDescriptionAndAccountingPoliciesTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R8: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:NewAccountingPronouncementsAndChangesInAccountingPrinciplesTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100070 - Disclosure - Recently Issued Accounting Standards,
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureRecentlyIssuedAccountingStandards,
     shortName: Recently Issued Accounting Standards,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:NewAccountingPronouncementsAndChangesInAccountingPrinciplesTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R9: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:InventoryDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 100080 - Disclosure - Inventories,
     role: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureInventories,
     shortName: Inventories,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: frpt-10k_20191231.htm,
      contextRef: C_0001611647_20190101_20191231,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:InventoryDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
   },
   segmentCount: 66,
   tag: {
    dei_AmendmentFlag: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.,
        label: Amendment Flag,
        terseLabel: Amendment Flag
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AmendmentFlag,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_CityAreaCode: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Area code of city,
        label: City Area Code,
        terseLabel: City Area Code
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CityAreaCode,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    },
    dei_CoverAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Cover page.,
        label: Cover [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CoverAbstract,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.,
        label: Current Fiscal Year End Date,
        terseLabel: Current Fiscal Year End Date
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CurrentFiscalYearEndDate,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: gMonthDayItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentAnnualReport: {
     auth_ref: [
      r376
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true only for a form used as an annual report.,
        label: Document Annual Report,
        terseLabel: Document Annual Report
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentAnnualReport,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fiscal period values are FY
 Q1
 Q2
 and Q3.  1st
 2nd and 3rd quarter 10-Q or 10-QT statements have value Q1
 Q2
 and Q3 respectively
 with 10-K
 10-KT or other fiscal year statements having FY.,
        label: Document Fiscal Period Focus,
        verboseLabel: Document Fiscal Period Focus
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: fiscalPeriodItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.,
        label: Document Fiscal Year Focus,
        terseLabel: Document Fiscal Year Focus
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentFiscalYearFocus,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: gYearItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.,
        label: Document Period End Date,
        terseLabel: Document Period End Date
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentPeriodEndDate,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: dateItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentTransitionReport: {
     auth_ref: [
      r375
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true only for a form used as a transition report.,
        label: Document Transition Report,
        terseLabel: Document Transition Report
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentTransitionReport,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentType: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word 'Other'.,
        label: Document Type,
        verboseLabel: Document Type
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentType,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: submissionTypeItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentsIncorporatedByReferenceTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r373
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Documents incorporated by reference.,
        label: Documents Incorporated By Reference [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Documents Incorporated by Reference
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentsIncorporatedByReferenceTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Address Line 1 such as Attn
 Building Name
 Street Name,
        label: Entity Address Address Line1,
        terseLabel: Entity Address
 Address Line One
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityAddressAddressLine1,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    },
    dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number,
        label: Entity Address Address Line2,
        terseLabel: Entity Address
 Address Line Two
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityAddressAddressLine2,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    },
    dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of the City or Town,
        label: Entity Address City Or Town,
        terseLabel: Entity Address
 City or Town
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityAddressCityOrTown,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    },
    dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Code for the postal or zip code,
        label: Entity Address Postal Zip Code,
        terseLabel: Entity Address
 Postal Zip Code
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityAddressPostalZipCode,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    },
    dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of the state or province.,
        label: Entity Address State Or Province,
        terseLabel: Entity Address
 State or Province
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityAddressStateOrProvince,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: stateOrProvinceItemType
    },
    dei_EntityCentralIndexKey: {
     auth_ref: [
      r377
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.,
        label: Entity Central Index Key,
        terseLabel: Entity Central Index Key
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityCentralIndexKey,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: centralIndexKeyItemType
    },
    dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.,
        label: Entity Common Stock Shares Outstanding,
        terseLabel: Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.,
        label: Entity Current Reporting Status,
        terseLabel: Entity Current Reporting Status
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityCurrentReportingStatus,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    },
    dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany: {
     auth_ref: [
      r377
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.,
        label: Entity Emerging Growth Company,
        terseLabel: Entity Emerging Growth Company
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityEmergingGrowthCompany,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_EntityFileNumber: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits
 the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits
 the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters
 and the fields are separated with a hyphen.,
        label: Entity File Number,
        terseLabel: Entity File Number
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityFileNumber,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: fileNumberItemType
    },
    dei_EntityFilerCategory: {
     auth_ref: [
      r377
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: Large Accelerated Filer
 Accelerated Filer
 Non-accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.,
        label: Entity Filer Category,
        terseLabel: Entity Filer Category
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityFilerCategory,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: filerCategoryItemType
    },
    dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.,
        label: Entity Incorporation State Country Code,
        terseLabel: Entity Incorporation
 State or Country Code
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: edgarStateCountryItemType
    },
    dei_EntityInteractiveDataCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r379
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true when the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).,
        label: Entity Interactive Data Current,
        terseLabel: Entity Interactive Data Current
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityInteractiveDataCurrent,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    },
    dei_EntityPublicFloat: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold
 or the average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter.,
        label: Entity Public Float,
        terseLabel: Entity Public Float
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityPublicFloat,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    dei_EntityRegistrantName: {
     auth_ref: [
      r377
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.,
        label: Entity Registrant Name,
        terseLabel: Entity Registrant Name
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityRegistrantName,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    },
    dei_EntityShellCompany: {
     auth_ref: [
      r377
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true when the registrant is a shell company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.,
        label: Entity Shell Company,
        terseLabel: Entity Shell Company
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityShellCompany,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_EntitySmallBusiness: {
     auth_ref: [
      r377
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicates that the company is a Smaller Reporting Company (SRC).,
        label: Entity Small Business,
        terseLabel: Entity Small Business
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntitySmallBusiness,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r377
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The Tax Identification Number (TIN)
 also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN)
 is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.,
        label: Entity Tax Identification Number,
        terseLabel: Entity Tax Identification Number
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityTaxIdentificationNumber,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: employerIdItemType
    },
    dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.,
        label: Entity Voluntary Filers,
        terseLabel: Entity Voluntary Filers
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityVoluntaryFilers,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    },
    dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.,
        label: Entity Well Known Seasoned Issuer,
        terseLabel: Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    },
    dei_LocalPhoneNumber: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Local phone number for entity.,
        label: Local Phone Number,
        terseLabel: Local Phone Number
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LocalPhoneNumber,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    },
    dei_Security12bTitle: {
     auth_ref: [
      r372
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Title of a 12(b) registered security.,
        label: Security12b Title,
        terseLabel: Title of 12(b) Security
       }
      }
     },
     localname: Security12bTitle,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: securityTitleItemType
    },
    dei_SecurityExchangeName: {
     auth_ref: [
      r374
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.,
        label: Security Exchange Name,
        terseLabel: Security Exchange Name
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SecurityExchangeName,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: edgarExchangeCodeItemType
    },
    dei_TradingSymbol: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.,
        label: Trading Symbol,
        terseLabel: Trading Symbol
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TradingSymbol,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: tradingSymbolItemType
    },
    frpt_AccruedChillerCostCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureAccruedExpensesSummaryOfAccruedExpensesDetails: {
       order: 10030.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accrued chiller cost current.,
        label: Accrued Chiller Cost Current,
        terseLabel: Accrued Chiller Cost
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccruedChillerCostCurrent,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureAccruedExpensesSummaryOfAccruedExpensesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    frpt_AccruedFreightCostsCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureAccruedExpensesSummaryOfAccruedExpensesDetails: {
       order: 10050.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accrued freight costs current.,
        label: Accrued Freight Costs Current,
        terseLabel: Accrued Freight
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccruedFreightCostsCurrent,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureAccruedExpensesSummaryOfAccruedExpensesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    frpt_AccruedLegalContingenciesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureAccruedExpensesSummaryOfAccruedExpensesDetails: {
       order: 10010.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accrued legal contingencies current.,
        label: Accrued Legal Contingencies Current,
        terseLabel: Legal Contingency
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccruedLegalContingenciesCurrent,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureAccruedExpensesSummaryOfAccruedExpensesDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    frpt_AccruedProductionExpensesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureAccruedExpensesSummaryOfAccruedExpensesDetails: {
       order: 10060.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accrued production expenses current.,
        label: Accrued Production Expenses Current,
        terseLabel: Accrued Production Expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccruedProductionExpensesCurrent,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureAccruedExpensesSummaryOfAccruedExpensesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    frpt_CapitalExpendituresMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Capital expenditures.,
        label: Capital Expenditures [Member],
        terseLabel: Capital Expenditures
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CapitalExpendituresMember,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    frpt_CommitmentsAndContingenciesLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Commitments and contingencies.,
        label: Commitments And Contingencies [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Commitments And Contingencies [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommitmentsAndContingenciesLineItems,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    frpt_CommitmentsAndContingenciesTable: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Commitments and contingencies.,
        label: Commitments And Contingencies [Table],
        terseLabel: Commitments And Contingencies [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommitmentsAndContingenciesTable,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    frpt_ContractualObligationDisclosureLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Contractual Obligation Disclosure line items.,
        label: Contractual Obligation Disclosure [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Contractual Obligation Disclosure [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ContractualObligationDisclosureLineItems,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueUnderManufacturingAndServiceObligationsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    frpt_ContractualObligationDisclosureTable: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Contractual Obligation Disclosure [Table].,
        label: Contractual Obligation Disclosure [Table],
        terseLabel: Contractual Obligation Disclosure [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ContractualObligationDisclosureTable,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueUnderManufacturingAndServiceObligationsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    frpt_ConversionOfWarrantsToCommonStock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Conversion of warrants to common stock.,
        label: Conversion Of Warrants To Common Stock,
        terseLabel: Conversion of warrants to common stock
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConversionOfWarrantsToCommonStock,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    frpt_CustomerOneMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Customer one.,
        label: Customer One [Member],
        terseLabel: Customer One
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CustomerOneMember,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureConcentrationsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    frpt_CustomersTwoMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Customers two.,
        label: Customers Two [Member],
        terseLabel: Customers Two
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CustomersTwoMember,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureConcentrationsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    frpt_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowanceIncomeTaxRate: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Deferred tax assets valuation allowance income tax rate.,
        label: Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance Income Tax Rate,
        terseLabel: Deferred tax asset valuation allowance
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowanceIncomeTaxRate,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    frpt_DelayedDrawFacilityMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Delayed draw facility.,
        label: Delayed Draw Facility [Member],
        terseLabel: Delayed Draw Facility
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DelayedDrawFacilityMember,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureDebtAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    frpt_DepositsOnPropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 10170.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Deposits that are made on property
 plant and equipment
 net.,
        label: Deposits On Property Plant And Equipment Net,
        terseLabel: Deposits on equipment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DepositsOnPropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    frpt_DistributorOneMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Distributor one.,
        label: Distributor One [Member],
        terseLabel: Distributor One
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DistributorOneMember,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureConcentrationsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    frpt_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationPermanentItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesScheduleOfReconciliationOfStatutoryFederalIncomeTaxRateDetails: {
       order: 10030.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Effective income tax rate reconciliation permanent items.,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation Permanent Items,
        terseLabel: Permanent items
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationPermanentItems,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesScheduleOfReconciliationOfStatutoryFederalIncomeTaxRateDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    frpt_EmployeeMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Employee.,
        label: Employee [Member],
        terseLabel: Employee
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EmployeeMember,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    frpt_GroceryIncludingOnlineMassAndClubMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Grocery including Online
 Mass and Club.,
        label: Grocery Including Online Mass And Club [Member],
        terseLabel: Grocery (including Online)
 Mass and Club
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GroceryIncludingOnlineMassAndClubMember,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesInformationAboutCompanySNetSalesByClassOfRetailerDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    frpt_IncomeTaxLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Income tax.,
        label: Income Tax [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Income Tax [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxLineItems,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    frpt_IncomeTaxTable: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Income tax.,
        label: Income Tax [Table],
        terseLabel: Income Tax [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxTable,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    frpt_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingLeaseRightOfUse: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 10210.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Increase decrease in operating lease right of use.,
        label: Increase Decrease In Operating Lease Right Of Use,
        negatedLabel: Operating lease right of use
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingLeaseRightOfUse,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    frpt_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherLeaseLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 10250.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Increase decrease in other lease liabilities.,
        label: Increase Decrease In Other Lease Liabilities,
        terseLabel: Other lease liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInOtherLeaseLiabilities,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    frpt_IndefiniteCarryforwardMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indefinite carryforward.,
        label: Indefinite Carryforward [Member],
        terseLabel: Indefinite Carryforward
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IndefiniteCarryforwardMember,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    frpt_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueAfterYearFour: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesSummaryOfFutureMinimumPaymentsDueUnderLeaseObligationsDetails: {
       order: 10050.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Lessee operating lease liability payments due after year four.,
        label: Lessee Operating Lease Liability Payments Due After Year Four,
        terseLabel: 2024 and beyond
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueAfterYearFour,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesSummaryOfFutureMinimumPaymentsDueUnderLeaseObligationsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    frpt_ManufacturingAndServicingObligationsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Manufacturing and servicing obligations.,
        label: Manufacturing And Servicing Obligations [Member],
        terseLabel: Manufacturing and Servicing Obligations
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ManufacturingAndServicingObligationsMember,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueUnderManufacturingAndServiceObligationsDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    frpt_NatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Nature of business and summary of significant accounting policies.,
        label: Nature Of Business And Summary Of Significant Accounting Policies [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Nature Of Business And Summary Of Significant Accounting Policies [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesInformationAboutCompanySNetSalesByClassOfRetailerDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    frpt_NatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesTable: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Nature of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Table.,
        label: Nature Of Business And Summary Of Significant Accounting Policies [Table],
        terseLabel: Nature Of Business And Summary Of Significant Accounting Policies [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesTable,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesInformationAboutCompanySNetSalesByClassOfRetailerDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    frpt_NewCreditFacilityMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: New credit facility.,
        label: New Credit Facility [Member],
        terseLabel: New Credit Facility
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NewCreditFacilityMember,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureDebtAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureSubsequentEventsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    frpt_NonEmployeeDirectorMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Non-employee director.,
        label: Non Employee Director [Member],
        terseLabel: Non-employee Director
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NonEmployeeDirectorMember,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    frpt_NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionPropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Noncash or part noncash acquisition property plant and equipment.,
        label: Noncash Or Part Noncash Acquisition Property Plant And Equipment,
        terseLabel: Non-cash acquisitions of property
 plant and equipment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionPropertyPlantAndEquipment,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    frpt_NumberOfDistributors: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of distributors.,
        label: Number Of Distributors,
        terseLabel: Number of distributors
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NumberOfDistributors,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureConcentrationsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    },
    frpt_NumberOfMajorCustomer: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of major customer.,
        label: Number Of Major Customer,
        terseLabel: Number of customers
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NumberOfMajorCustomer,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureConcentrationsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    },
    frpt_NumberOfVendors: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of vendors.,
        label: Number Of Vendors,
        terseLabel: Number of vendors
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NumberOfVendors,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureConcentrationsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    },
    frpt_OperatingLossCarryforwardsExpirationYear: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Operating loss carryforwards expiration year.,
        label: Operating Loss Carryforwards Expiration Year,
        terseLabel: Net operating loss carryforwards
 expiration year
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLossCarryforwardsExpirationYear,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: gYearItemType
    },
    frpt_OwnershipInterestSharesSoldByRelatedPartyEntity: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Ownership interest shares sold by related party entity.,
        label: Ownership Interest Shares Sold By Related Party Entity,
        terseLabel: Shares sold by significant stockholder
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OwnershipInterestSharesSoldByRelatedPartyEntity,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureRelatedPartyTransactionsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    frpt_PackagingMaterialsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Packaging materials.,
        label: Packaging Materials [Member],
        terseLabel: Packaging Materials
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PackagingMaterialsMember,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureConcentrationsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    frpt_PercentageOfTaxableIncomeToOffsetForTaxPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of taxable income to offset for tax period.,
        label: Percentage Of Taxable Income To Offset For Tax Period,
        terseLabel: Percentage of taxable income to offset for tax period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PercentageOfTaxableIncomeToOffsetForTaxPeriod,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    frpt_PerformanceBasedOptionsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Performance based stock options.,
        label: Performance Based Options [Member],
        terseLabel: Performance Based Options
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PerformanceBasedOptionsMember,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfNonvestedServicePeriodStockOptionsDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfStockOptionsOutstandingAndChangesUnderPlansDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityTables
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    frpt_PerformanceVestedStockOptionsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Performance vested stock options.,
        label: Performance Vested Stock Options [Member],
        terseLabel: Performance-Vested Stock Options
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PerformanceVestedStockOptionsMember,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    frpt_PetSpecialtyAndNaturalMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Pet specialty and natural.,
        label: Pet Specialty And Natural [Member],
        terseLabel: Pet Specialty and Natural
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PetSpecialtyAndNaturalMember,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesInformationAboutCompanySNetSalesByClassOfRetailerDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    frpt_ProvisionForRecoveryOfLossesGainsOnAccountsReceivable: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 10120.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Provision for (recovery of) losses (gains) on accounts receivable.,
        label: Provision For Recovery Of Losses Gains On Accounts Receivable,
        terseLabel: Provision for loss/(gains) on accounts receivable
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProvisionForRecoveryOfLossesGainsOnAccountsReceivable,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    frpt_PurchasesOfRawMaterialsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Purchases of raw materials.,
        label: Purchases Of Raw Materials [Member],
        terseLabel: Purchases of Raw Materials
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PurchasesOfRawMaterialsMember,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureConcentrationsAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureRelatedPartyTransactionsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    frpt_RefrigerationEquipmentMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Refrigeration equipment.,
        label: Refrigeration Equipment [Member],
        terseLabel: Refrigeration Equipment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RefrigerationEquipmentMember,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    frpt_RetirementPlanTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Retirement plan.,
        label: Retirement Plan [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Retirement Plan
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RetirementPlanTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureRetirementPlan
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    frpt_RevenueRecognitionShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for the classification of shipping and handling costs.,
        label: Revenue Recognition Shipping And Handling Cost Policy [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Shipping and Handling Costs/Freight Out
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RevenueRecognitionShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    frpt_RevolvingLoanMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Revolving loan.,
        label: Revolving Loan [Member],
        terseLabel: Revolving Loan
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RevolvingLoanMember,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureDebtAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    frpt_ScheduleOfNetSalesByCategoryTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule of net sales by category.,
        label: Schedule Of Net Sales By Category Table [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Information About Company's Net Sales By Class of Retailer
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfNetSalesByCategoryTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    frpt_ScheduleOfSupplementalCashFlowInformationRelatedToLeasesTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule of supplemental cash flow information related to leases.,
        label: Schedule Of Supplemental Cash Flow Information Related To Leases Table [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Supplemental Cash Flow Information And Non-cash Activity Relating To Operating Leases
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfSupplementalCashFlowInformationRelatedToLeasesTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    frpt_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExpiredInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share based compensation arrangement by share based payment award equity instruments other than options expired in period.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Equity Instruments Other Than Options Expired In Period,
        negatedLabel: Shares
 Expired
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExpiredInPeriod,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfStockOptionsOutstandingAndChangesUnderPlansDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    frpt_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExpiredWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share based compensation arrangement by share based payment award equity instruments other than options expired weighted average grant date fair value.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Equity Instruments Other Than Options Expired Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value,
        terseLabel: Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Unit
 Expired
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExpiredWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfStockOptionsOutstandingAndChangesUnderPlansDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    frpt_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonVestedOptionsExpiredNumberOfShares: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share based compensation arrangement by share based payment award options non-vested options expired number of shares.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Options Non Vested Options Expired Number Of Shares,
        negatedLabel: Number of Options
 Expired
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonVestedOptionsExpiredNumberOfShares,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfNonvestedServicePeriodStockOptionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    frpt_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonVestedOptionsExpiredWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share based compensation arrangement by share based payment award options non-vested options expired weighted average grant date fair value.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Options Non Vested Options Expired Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value,
        terseLabel: Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Share
 Expired
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonVestedOptionsExpiredWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfNonvestedServicePeriodStockOptionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    frpt_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardPerformanceTargetRangingEndDate: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based compensation arrangement by share-based payment award
 performance target ranging end date.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Performance Target Ranging End Date,
        terseLabel: Performance target ranging end date
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardPerformanceTargetRangingEndDate,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: dateItemType
    },
    frpt_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardPerformanceTargetRangingStartDate: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based compensation arrangement by share-based payment award
 performance target ranging start date.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Performance Target Ranging Start Date,
        terseLabel: Performance target ranging start date
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardPerformanceTargetRangingStartDate,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: dateItemType
    },
    frpt_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonVestedModifiedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share based compensation arrangements by share based payment award options non vested modified in period weighted average grant date fair value.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangements By Share Based Payment Award Options Non Vested Modified In Period Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value,
        terseLabel: Weighted Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Shares
 Modified from Performance Based Options to Service Period Stock Options
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonVestedModifiedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfNonvestedServicePeriodStockOptionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    frpt_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedModifiedFromPerformanceBasedToServicePeriod: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sharebased compensation arrangement by sharebased payment award options nonvested modified from performance based to service period.,
        label: Sharebased Compensation Arrangement By Sharebased Payment Award Options Nonvested Modified From Performance Based To Service Period,
        terseLabel: Number of Options
 Modified from Performance Based Options to Service Period Stock Options
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedModifiedFromPerformanceBasedToServicePeriod,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfNonvestedServicePeriodStockOptionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    frpt_TaxCutsAndJobsActOf2017AccountingChangeInTaxRateDeferredTaxAssetIncreaseDecrease: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represent the increase (decrease to deferred tax assets as a result of the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.,
        label: Tax Cuts And Jobs Act Of2017 Accounting Change In Tax Rate Deferred Tax Asset Increase Decrease,
        terseLabel: Future reduction to deferred tax assets due to 2017 Tax Act
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TaxCutsAndJobsActOf2017AccountingChangeInTaxRateDeferredTaxAssetIncreaseDecrease,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    frpt_TermLoansMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Term loans.,
        label: Term Loans [Member],
        terseLabel: Term Loans
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TermLoansMember,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureDebtAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    frpt_TreasuryStockPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for treasury stock.,
        label: Treasury Stock Policy [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Treasury Stock
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TreasuryStockPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    frpt_TwoThousandFourteenOmnibusIncentivePlanMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Two thousand fourteen omnibus incentive plan.,
        label: Two Thousand Fourteen Omnibus Incentive Plan [Member],
        terseLabel: 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TwoThousandFourteenOmnibusIncentivePlanMember,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    frpt_TwoThousandTenStockPlanMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Two thousand ten stock plan.,
        label: Two Thousand Ten Stock Plan [Member],
        terseLabel: 2010 Stock Plan
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TwoThousandTenStockPlanMember,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    frpt_UnrecognizedCompensationCostsPerformanceBasedAwards: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Unrecognized compensation costs performance based awards.,
        label: Unrecognized Compensation Costs Performance Based Awards,
        terseLabel: Unrecognized compensation costs
 Performance based awards
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UnrecognizedCompensationCostsPerformanceBasedAwards,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    frpt_WarrantDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Warrant disclosure.,
        label: Warrant Disclosure [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Warrant
       }
      }
     },
     localname: WarrantDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://www.freshpet.com/20191231,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureWarrant
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    srt_ChiefExecutiveOfficerMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r153
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Person with designation of chief executive officer.,
        label: Chief Executive Officer [Member],
        terseLabel: CEO
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ChiefExecutiveOfficerMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_ContractualObligationFiscalYearMaturityScheduleTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r378
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of contractual obligation by timing of payment due. Includes
 but is not limited to
 long-term debt obligation
 lease obligation
 and purchase obligation.,
        label: Contractual Obligation Fiscal Year Maturity Schedule Table [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Future Minimum Payments Due Under Manufacturing and Service Obligations
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ContractualObligationFiscalYearMaturityScheduleTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    srt_MajorCustomersAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r152,
      r199,
      r203,
      r366
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by name or description of a single external customer or a group of external customers.,
        label: Major Customers [Axis],
        terseLabel: Customer
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MajorCustomersAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureConcentrationsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    srt_MaximumMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Upper limit of the provided range.,
        label: Maximum [Member],
        terseLabel: Maximum
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MaximumMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureConcentrationsAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureDebtAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityExpectedDividendYieldValuationModelDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureRetirementPlanAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_MinimumMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Lower limit of the provided range.,
        label: Minimum [Member],
        terseLabel: Minimum
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MinimumMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureConcentrationsAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureDebtAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityExpectedDividendYieldValuationModelDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureRetirementPlanAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_NameOfMajorCustomerDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Single external customer or group of external customers.,
        label: Name Of Major Customer [Domain],
        terseLabel: Customer
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NameOfMajorCustomerDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureConcentrationsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_ProductOrServiceAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r150,
      r199,
      r201,
      r363,
      r364
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by product and service
 or group of similar products and similar services.,
        label: Product Or Service [Axis],
        terseLabel: Product and Service
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProductOrServiceAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesInformationAboutCompanySNetSalesByClassOfRetailerDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    srt_ProductsAndServicesDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Product or service
 or a group of similar products or similar services.,
        label: Products And Services [Domain],
        terseLabel: Product and Service
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProductsAndServicesDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesInformationAboutCompanySNetSalesByClassOfRetailerDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_RangeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by statistical measurement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 minimum
 maximum
 weighted average
 arithmetic average
 and median.,
        label: Range [Axis],
        terseLabel: Statistical Measurement
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RangeAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureConcentrationsAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureDebtAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityExpectedDividendYieldValuationModelDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureRetirementPlanAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    srt_RangeMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Statistical measurement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 minimum
 maximum
 weighted average
 arithmetic average
 and median.,
        label: Range [Member],
        terseLabel: Statistical Measurement
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RangeMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureConcentrationsAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureDebtAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityExpectedDividendYieldValuationModelDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureRetirementPlanAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_SegmentGeographicalDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Geographical area.,
        label: Segment Geographical [Domain],
        terseLabel: Geographical
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SegmentGeographicalDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_StatementGeographicalAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r151,
      r199,
      r202,
      r365,
      r368,
      r370,
      r380,
      r381
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by geographical components.,
        label: Statement Geographical [Axis],
        terseLabel: Geographical
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementGeographicalAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r153,
      r336
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by title of individual or nature of relationship to individual or group of individuals.,
        label: Title Of Individual [Axis],
        terseLabel: Title of Individual
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TitleOfIndividualAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    srt_TitleOfIndividualWithRelationshipToEntityDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Title of individual
 or nature of relationship to individual or group of individuals.,
        label: Title Of Individual With Relationship To Entity [Domain],
        terseLabel: Title of Individual
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TitleOfIndividualWithRelationshipToEntityDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    stpr_NJ: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: NEW JERSEY,
        terseLabel: New Jersey
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NJ,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/stpr/2018-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Accounting Policies [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccountingPoliciesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201409Member: {
     auth_ref: [
      r204
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accounting Standards Update 2014-09 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).,
        label: Accounting Standards Update201409 [Member],
        terseLabel: ASU 2014-09
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccountingStandardsUpdate201409Member,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccountsPayableAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesDisclosureCurrentTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 and other liabilities that are classified as current at the end of the reporting period.,
        label: Accounts Payable Accrued Liabilities And Other Liabilities Disclosure Current [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Accrued Expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccountsPayableAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesDisclosureCurrentTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureAccruedExpenses
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r34
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 10120.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).,
        label: Accounts Payable Current,
        terseLabel: Accounts payable
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccountsPayableCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccountsReceivableMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Due from customers or clients for goods or services that have been delivered or sold.,
        label: Accounts Receivable [Member],
        terseLabel: Account Receivable
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccountsReceivableMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureConcentrationsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r2,
      r20,
      r154,
      r155,
      r200
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 10210.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of right to consideration from customer for product sold and service rendered in normal course of business
 classified as current.,
        label: Accounts Receivable Net Current,
        terseLabel: Accounts receivable
 net of allowance for doubtful accounts
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccountsReceivableNetCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r38
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureAccruedExpensesSummaryOfAccruedExpensesDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      },
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 10130.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).,
        label: Accrued Liabilities Current,
        terseLabel: Accrued expenses(1),
        totalLabel: Accrued expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureAccruedExpensesSummaryOfAccruedExpensesDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccruedMarketingCostsCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureAccruedExpensesSummaryOfAccruedExpensesDetails: {
       order: 10070.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for the marketing
 trade and selling of the entity's goods and services.   Marketing costs would include expenditures for planning and executing the conception
 pricing
 promotion
 and distribution of ideas
 goods
 and services; costs of public relations and corporate promotions; and obligations incurred and payable for sales discounts
 rebates
 price protection programs
 etc. offered to customers and under government programs. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).,
        label: Accrued Marketing Costs Current,
        terseLabel: Accrued Marketing
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccruedMarketingCostsCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureAccruedExpensesSummaryOfAccruedExpensesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r32,
      r173
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetDetails: {
       order: 10020.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.,
        label: Accumulated Depreciation Depletion And Amortization Property Plant And Equipment,
        negatedLabel: Less: Accumulated Depreciation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r55,
      r56,
      r57
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 10060.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.,
        label: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Loss Net Of Tax,
        terseLabel: Accumulated other comprehensive loss
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r54,
      r57,
      r58,
      r293
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accumulated increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 attributable to the parent. Excludes net income (loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.,
        label: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income [Member],
        terseLabel: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCHANGESINSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r21
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 10040.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Value received from shareholders in common stock-related transactions that are in excess of par value or stated value and amounts received from other stock-related transactions. Includes only common stock transactions (excludes preferred stock transactions). May be called contributed capital
 capital in excess of par
 capital surplus
 or paid-in capital.,
        label: Additional Paid In Capital Common Stock,
        terseLabel: Additional paid-in capital
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders.,
        label: Additional Paid In Capital [Member],
        terseLabel: Additional Paid-in Capital
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCHANGESINSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r114
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by new accounting pronouncement.,
        label: Adjustments For New Accounting Pronouncements [Axis],
        terseLabel: Adjustments for New Accounting Pronouncements
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r212,
      r214,
      r251,
      r252
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase to additional paid-in capital (APIC) for recognition of cost for award under share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Adjustments To Additional Paid In Capital Sharebased Compensation Requisite Service Period Recognition Value,
        terseLabel: Share-based compensation expense
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCHANGESINSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Adjustments To Reconcile Net Income Loss To Cash Provided By Used In Operating Activities [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash flows provided by operating activities:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r254
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising cost.,
        label: Advertising Costs Policy [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Advertising
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r255
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.,
        label: Advertising Expense,
        terseLabel: Advertising expense
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AdvertisingExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r214,
      r245,
      r250
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expense for award under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes amount capitalized.,
        label: Allocated Share Based Compensation Expense,
        verboseLabel: Share-based compensation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCosts: {
     auth_ref: [
      r70,
      r93,
      r314
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of amortization expense attributable to debt issuance costs.,
        label: Amortization Of Financing Costs,
        verboseLabel: Amortization of debt issuance costs
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AmortizationOfFinancingCosts,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureDebtAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCostsAndDiscounts: {
     auth_ref: [
      r93,
      r314
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 10170.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of amortization expense attributable to debt discount (premium) and debt issuance costs.,
        label: Amortization Of Financing Costs And Discounts,
        terseLabel: Amortization of deferred financing costs and loan discount
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AmortizationOfFinancingCostsAndDiscounts,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r125
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Securities (including those issuable pursuant to contingent stock agreements) that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share (EPS) or earnings per unit (EPU) in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS or EPU because to do so would increase EPS or EPU amounts or decrease loss per share or unit amounts for the period presented.,
        label: Antidilutive Securities Excluded From Computation Of Earnings Per Share Amount,
        verboseLabel: Antidilutive Securities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetLossAttributableToCommonStockholdersScheduleOfPotentiallyDilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromDeterminationOfDilutedLossPerShareAsTheirEffectIsAntidilutiveDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r125
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of antidilutive security.,
        label: Antidilutive Securities Excluded From Computation Of Earnings Per Share By Antidilutive Securities [Axis],
        terseLabel: Antidilutive Securities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetLossAttributableToCommonStockholdersScheduleOfPotentiallyDilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromDeterminationOfDilutedLossPerShareAsTheirEffectIsAntidilutiveDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Antidilutive Securities Excluded From Computation Of Earnings Per Share [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Antidilutive Securities Excluded From Computation Of Earnings Per Share [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetLossAttributableToCommonStockholdersScheduleOfPotentiallyDilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromDeterminationOfDilutedLossPerShareAsTheirEffectIsAntidilutiveDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r125
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Incremental common shares attributable to securities that were not included in diluted earnings per share (EPS) because to do so would increase EPS amounts or decrease loss per share amounts for the period presented.,
        label: Antidilutive Securities Name [Domain],
        terseLabel: Antidilutive Securities
 Name
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AntidilutiveSecuritiesNameDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetLossAttributableToCommonStockholdersScheduleOfPotentiallyDilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromDeterminationOfDilutedLossPerShareAsTheirEffectIsAntidilutiveDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_Assets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r148,
      r345,
      r355
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are recognized. Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.,
        label: Assets,
        totalLabel: Total Assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: Assets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AssetsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Assets [Abstract],
        terseLabel: ASSETS
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AssetsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AssetsCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r5,
      r7,
      r52
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 10150.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.,
        label: Assets Current,
        totalLabel: Total Current Assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AssetsCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Assets Current [Abstract],
        terseLabel: CURRENT ASSETS:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AssetsCurrentAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r215,
      r247
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of award under share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Award Type [Axis],
        terseLabel: Award Type
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AwardTypeAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfNonvestedServicePeriodStockOptionsDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfStockOptionsOutstandingAndChangesUnderPlansDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityTables
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by location on balance sheet (statement of financial position).,
        label: Balance Sheet Location [Axis],
        terseLabel: Balance Sheet Location
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BalanceSheetLocationAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureDebtAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r298,
      r299
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Location in the balance sheet (statement of financial position).,
        label: Balance Sheet Location [Domain],
        terseLabel: Balance Sheet Location
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BalanceSheetLocationDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureDebtAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BaseRateMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Minimum rate investor will accept.,
        label: Base Rate [Member],
        terseLabel: Base Rate
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BaseRateMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureDebtAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting
 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).,
        label: Basis Of Accounting Policy Policy [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Basis of Presentation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Facility held for productive use including
 but not limited to
 office
 production
 storage and distribution facilities and any addition
 improvement
 or renovation to the structure
 for example
 but not limited to
 interior masonry
 interior flooring
 electrical
 and plumbing.,
        label: Building And Building Improvements [Member],
        terseLabel: Building and Improvements
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessDescriptionAndAccountingPoliciesTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r113,
      r145
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for the business description and accounting policies concepts.  Business description describes the nature and type of organization including but not limited to organizational structure as may be applicable to holding companies
 parent and subsidiary relationships
 business divisions
 business units
 business segments
 affiliates and information about significant ownership of the reporting entity. Accounting policies describe all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.,
        label: Business Description And Accounting Policies [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Nature of the Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessDescriptionAndAccountingPoliciesTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r0,
      r29,
      r95
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 10200.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.,
        label: Cash And Cash Equivalents At Carrying Value,
        terseLabel: Cash and cash equivalents
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r12,
      r96,
      r102
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.,
        label: Cash And Cash Equivalents Policy [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Cash and Cash Equivalents
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsIncludingDisposalGroupAndDiscontinuedOperations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r88,
      r95,
      r101
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash and cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including
 but not limited to
 disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.,
        label: Cash Cash Equivalents Restricted Cash And Restricted Cash Equivalents Including Disposal Group And Discontinued Operations,
        periodEndLabel: CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
 END OF PERIOD,
        periodStartLabel: CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
 BEGINNING OF YEAR
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsIncludingDisposalGroupAndDiscontinuedOperations,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseExcludingExchangeRateEffect: {
     auth_ref: [
      r88,
      r309
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; excluding effect from exchange rate change. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.,
        label: Cash Cash Equivalents Restricted Cash And Restricted Cash Equivalents Period Increase Decrease Excluding Exchange Rate Effect,
        totalLabel: NET CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseExcludingExchangeRateEffect,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CashFDICInsuredAmount: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of cash deposited in financial institutions as of the balance sheet date that is insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.,
        label: Cash F D I C Insured Amount,
        terseLabel: Cash
 FDIC insured amount
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CashFDICInsuredAmount,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureConcentrationsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CashFlowOperatingActivitiesLesseeAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Cash Flow Operating Activities Lessee [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Operating cash flow information:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CashFlowOperatingActivitiesLesseeAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesSupplementalCashFlowInformationAndNonCashActivityRelatingToOperatingLeasesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r111
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Exercise price per share or per unit of warrants or rights outstanding.,
        label: Class Of Warrant Or Right Exercise Price Of Warrants Or Rights1,
        terseLabel: Warrant issued to purchase shares of voting common stock
 per share
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureWarrantAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRights: {
     auth_ref: [
      r110
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of securities into which the class of warrant or right may be converted. For example
 but not limited to
 500
000 warrants may be converted into 1
000
000 shares.,
        label: Class Of Warrant Or Right Number Of Securities Called By Warrants Or Rights,
        terseLabel: Warrant issued to purchase shares of voting common stock
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRights,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureWarrantAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Commitments And Contingencies Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r180,
      r181
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for commitments and contingencies.,
        label: Commitments And Contingencies Disclosure [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Commitments and Contingencies
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingencies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonStockMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Stock that is subordinate to all other stock of the issuer.,
        label: Common Stock [Member],
        terseLabel: Common Stock - Voting
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCHANGESINSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare: {
     auth_ref: [
      r19
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Face amount or stated value per share of common stock.,
        label: Common Stock Par Or Stated Value Per Share,
        terseLabel: Common stock
 par value
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETSParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r19
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The maximum number of common shares permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws.,
        label: Common Stock Shares Authorized,
        terseLabel: Common stock
 shares authorized
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockSharesAuthorized,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETSParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued: {
     auth_ref: [
      r19
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.,
        label: Common Stock Shares Issued,
        terseLabel: Common stock
 shares issued
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockSharesIssued,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETSParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [
      r19,
      r187
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares of common stock outstanding. Common stock represent the ownership interest in a corporation.,
        label: Common Stock Shares Outstanding,
        terseLabel: Common stock
 shares outstanding
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockSharesOutstanding,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETSParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonStockValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r19
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 10030.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.,
        label: Common Stock Value,
        terseLabel: Common stock \u2014 voting
 $0.001 par value
 200
000
000 shares authorized
 36
162
433 issued and 36
148
264 outstanding on December 31
 2019
 and 35
556
595 issued and 35
542
426 outstanding on December 31
 2018
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Compensation And Retirement Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r61,
      r63,
      r64
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONSANDCOMPREHENSIVELOSS: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income
 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.,
        label: Comprehensive Income Net Of Tax,
        totalLabel: TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE LOSS
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONSANDCOMPREHENSIVELOSS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskBenchmarkDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r139,
      r140,
      r306,
      r307
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The denominator in a calculation of a disclosed concentration risk percentage.,
        label: Concentration Risk Benchmark [Domain],
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk Benchmark
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConcentrationRiskBenchmarkDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureConcentrationsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r139,
      r140,
      r306,
      r307,
      r367
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by benchmark of concentration risk.,
        label: Concentration Risk By Benchmark [Axis],
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk Benchmark
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureConcentrationsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r139,
      r140,
      r306,
      r307,
      r367
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of concentration risk
 for example
 but not limited to
 asset
 liability
 net assets
 geographic
 customer
 employees
 supplier
 lender.,
        label: Concentration Risk By Type [Axis],
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk Type
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureConcentrationsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r145
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for any concentrations existing at the date of the financial statements that make an entity vulnerable to a reasonably possible
 near-term
 severe impact. This disclosure informs financial statement users about the general nature of the risk associated with the concentration
 and may indicate the percentage of concentration risk as of the balance sheet date.,
        label: Concentration Risk Disclosure [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Concentrations
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConcentrationRiskDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureConcentrations
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Concentration Risk [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConcentrationRiskLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureConcentrationsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r139,
      r140,
      r306,
      r307
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the \benchmark\ (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.,
        label: Concentration Risk Percentage1,
        terseLabel: Concentration risk
 percentage
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConcentrationRiskPercentage1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureConcentrationsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r137,
      r139,
      r140,
      r141,
      r306,
      r308
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Describes the nature of a concentration
 a benchmark to which it is compared
 and the percentage that the risk is to the benchmark.,
        label: Concentration Risk [Table],
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConcentrationRiskTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureConcentrationsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r139,
      r140,
      r306,
      r307
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: For an entity that discloses a concentration risk as a percentage of some financial balance or benchmark
 identifies the type (for example
 asset
 liability
 net assets
 geographic
 customer
 employees
 supplier
 lender) of the concentration.,
        label: Concentration Risk Type [Domain],
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk Type
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConcentrationRiskTypeDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureConcentrationsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r102,
      r289,
      r296,
      r297
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements
 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.,
        label: Consolidation Policy [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Principles of Consolidation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Structure or a modification to a structure under construction. Includes recently completed structures or modifications to structures that have not been placed into service.,
        label: Construction In Progress [Member],
        terseLabel: Construction in Progress
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConstructionInProgressMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerAssetNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r195,
      r197,
      r200
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of right to consideration in exchange for good or service transferred to customer when right is conditioned on something other than passage of time.,
        label: Contract With Customer Asset Net,
        terseLabel: Contract assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ContractWithCustomerAssetNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerLiabilityCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r195,
      r196,
      r200
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureAccruedExpensesSummaryOfAccruedExpensesDetails: {
       order: 10040.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of obligation to transfer good or service to customer for which consideration has been received or is receivable
 classified as current.,
        label: Contract With Customer Liability Current,
        terseLabel: Accrued Customer Consideration
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ContractWithCustomerLiabilityCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureAccruedExpensesSummaryOfAccruedExpensesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ContractualObligation: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueUnderManufacturingAndServiceObligationsDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of contractual obligation
 including but not limited to
 long-term debt
 capital lease obligations
 operating lease obligations
 purchase obligations
 and other commitments.,
        label: Contractual Obligation,
        totalLabel: Manufacturing and servicing obligations
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ContractualObligation,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueUnderManufacturingAndServiceObligationsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueAfterFifthYear: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueUnderManufacturingAndServiceObligationsDetails: {
       order: 10060.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_ContractualObligation,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of contractual obligation due after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.,
        label: Contractual Obligation Due After Fifth Year,
        terseLabel: 2025 and thereafter
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ContractualObligationDueAfterFifthYear,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueUnderManufacturingAndServiceObligationsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInFifthYear: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueUnderManufacturingAndServiceObligationsDetails: {
       order: 10050.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_ContractualObligation,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of contractual obligation due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.,
        label: Contractual Obligation Due In Fifth Year,
        terseLabel: 2024
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ContractualObligationDueInFifthYear,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueUnderManufacturingAndServiceObligationsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInFourthYear: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueUnderManufacturingAndServiceObligationsDetails: {
       order: 10040.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_ContractualObligation,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of contractual obligation due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.,
        label: Contractual Obligation Due In Fourth Year,
        terseLabel: 2023
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ContractualObligationDueInFourthYear,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueUnderManufacturingAndServiceObligationsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueUnderManufacturingAndServiceObligationsDetails: {
       order: 10010.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_ContractualObligation,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of contractual obligation due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.,
        label: Contractual Obligation Due In Next Twelve Months,
        terseLabel: 2020
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ContractualObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueUnderManufacturingAndServiceObligationsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInSecondYear: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueUnderManufacturingAndServiceObligationsDetails: {
       order: 10020.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_ContractualObligation,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of contractual obligation due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.,
        label: Contractual Obligation Due In Second Year,
        terseLabel: 2021
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ContractualObligationDueInSecondYear,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueUnderManufacturingAndServiceObligationsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInThirdYear: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueUnderManufacturingAndServiceObligationsDetails: {
       order: 10030.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_ContractualObligation,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of contractual obligation due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.,
        label: Contractual Obligation Due In Third Year,
        terseLabel: 2022
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ContractualObligationDueInThirdYear,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueUnderManufacturingAndServiceObligationsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold: {
     auth_ref: [
      r73
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONSANDCOMPREHENSIVELOSS: {
       order: 10130.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_GrossProfit,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate costs related to goods produced and sold and services rendered by an entity during the reporting period. This excludes costs incurred during the reporting period related to financial services rendered and other revenue generating activities.,
        label: Cost Of Goods And Services Sold,
        terseLabel: COST OF GOODS SOLD,
        verboseLabel: Cost of Sales
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONSANDCOMPREHENSIVELOSS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSoldDepreciationAndAmortization: {
     auth_ref: [
      r71
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expense for allocation of cost of tangible and intangible assets over their useful lives directly used in production of good and rendering of service.,
        label: Cost Of Goods And Services Sold Depreciation And Amortization,
        terseLabel: Cost of goods sold
 depreciation and amortization
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CostOfGoodsAndServicesSoldDepreciationAndAmortization,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CostOfSalesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing cost of sales.,
        label: Cost Of Sales [Member],
        terseLabel: Cost of Sales
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CostOfSalesMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of credit facility. Credit facilities provide capital to borrowers without the need to structure a loan for each borrowing.,
        label: Credit Facility [Axis],
        terseLabel: Credit Facility
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CreditFacilityAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureDebtAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureSubsequentEventsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CreditFacilityDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Type of credit facility. Credit facilities provide capital to borrowers without the need to structure a loan for each borrowing.,
        label: Credit Facility [Domain],
        terseLabel: Credit Facility
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CreditFacilityDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureDebtAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureSubsequentEventsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r104,
      r280,
      r283
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSummaryOfIncomeTaxesDetails: {
       order: 10010.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current federal tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.,
        label: Current Federal Tax Expense Benefit,
        terseLabel: Federal
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSummaryOfIncomeTaxesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CurrentForeignTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r109,
      r281
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current foreign income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.,
        label: Current Foreign Tax Expense Benefit,
        terseLabel: International
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CurrentForeignTaxExpenseBenefit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSummaryOfIncomeTaxesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r104,
      r280,
      r283
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSummaryOfIncomeTaxesDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to taxable income (loss) from continuing operations.,
        label: Current Income Tax Expense Benefit,
        totalLabel: Deferred income taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSummaryOfIncomeTaxesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Current Income Tax Expense Benefit Continuing Operations [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Current:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSummaryOfIncomeTaxesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r104,
      r280,
      r283
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSummaryOfIncomeTaxesDetails: {
       order: 10020.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current state and local tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.,
        label: Current State And Local Tax Expense Benefit,
        terseLabel: State
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSummaryOfIncomeTaxesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r138
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Reflects the percentage that revenues in the period from one or more significant customers is to net revenues
 as defined by the entity
 such as total net revenues
 product line revenues
 segment revenues. The risk is the materially adverse effects of loss of a significant customer.,
        label: Customer Concentration Risk [Member],
        terseLabel: Customer Concentration Risk
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CustomerConcentrationRiskMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureConcentrationsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentExpirationOrDueDateMonthAndYear: {
     auth_ref: [
      r98,
      r100
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The expiration
 mandatory redemption
 or due date
 month and year (YYYY-MM)
 of the financial instrument issued in exchange for the original debt being converted in a noncash (or part noncash) transaction. \Part noncash\ refers to that portion of the transaction not resulting in cash receipts or cash payments in the period.,
        label: Debt Conversion Converted Instrument Expiration Or Due Date Month And Year,
        terseLabel: Warrant conversion period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentExpirationOrDueDateMonthAndYear,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureWarrantAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: gYearMonthItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Debt Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtDisclosureAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r185
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.,
        label: Debt Disclosure [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Debt
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureDebt
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage points added to the reference rate to compute the variable rate on the debt instrument.,
        label: Debt Instrument Basis Spread On Variable Rate1,
        terseLabel: Line of credit facility
 applicable margin
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureDebtAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r313,
      r315
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Face (par) amount of debt instrument at time of issuance.,
        label: Debt Instrument Face Amount,
        terseLabel: Debt instrument
 face amount
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtInstrumentFaceAmount,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureDebtAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Debt Instrument [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Debt Instrument [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtInstrumentLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureDebtAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r40,
      r106,
      r188,
      r189,
      r190,
      r191,
      r312,
      r313,
      r315,
      r353
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A table or schedule providing information pertaining to long-term debt instruments or arrangements
 including identification
 terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the company
 if longer.,
        label: Debt Instrument [Table],
        terseLabel: Debt Instrument [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtInstrumentTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureDebtAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r33,
      r314
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt issuance costs. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs.,
        label: Deferred Finance Costs Net,
        verboseLabel: Financing costs capitalized
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredFinanceCostsNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureDebtAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r16,
      r17,
      r272,
      r347,
      r354
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesNetDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 10020.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences.,
        label: Deferred Income Tax Liabilities,
        negatedLabel: Total deferred tax liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesNetDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r273
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesNetDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 10010.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards.,
        label: Deferred Tax Assets Gross,
        terseLabel: Total deferred tax assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsGross,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesNetDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r275
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesNetDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 without jurisdictional netting.,
        label: Deferred Tax Assets Liabilities Net,
        totalLabel: Net deferred income tax assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesNetDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r262,
      r263,
      r275
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantPortionsOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndDeferredTaxLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 netted by jurisdiction and classified as current.,
        label: Deferred Tax Assets Liabilities Net Current,
        totalLabel: Net deferred tax
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantPortionsOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndDeferredTaxLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Deferred Tax Assets Net [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsNetAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards: {
     auth_ref: [
      r257,
      r278,
      r279
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantPortionsOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndDeferredTaxLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 10010.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible operating loss carryforwards.,
        label: Deferred Tax Assets Operating Loss Carryforwards,
        terseLabel: Net operating loss
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantPortionsOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndDeferredTaxLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther: {
     auth_ref: [
      r258,
      r278,
      r279
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantPortionsOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndDeferredTaxLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 10040.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences
 classified as other.,
        label: Deferred Tax Assets Other,
        terseLabel: Other
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsOther,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantPortionsOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndDeferredTaxLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r257,
      r278,
      r279
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantPortionsOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndDeferredTaxLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 10020.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from share-based compensation.,
        label: Deferred Tax Assets Tax Deferred Expense Compensation And Benefits Share Based Compensation Cost,
        terseLabel: Stock option expense
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantPortionsOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndDeferredTaxLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance: {
     auth_ref: [
      r274
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesNetDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 10030.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet,
       weight: -1.0
      },
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantPortionsOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndDeferredTaxLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 10050.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetCurrent,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax assets for which it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized.,
        label: Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance,
        negatedLabel: Less: Valuation allowance,
        negatedTerseLabel: Valuation allowance
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesNetDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantPortionsOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndDeferredTaxLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r258,
      r278,
      r279
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantPortionsOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndDeferredTaxLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 10030.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetCurrent,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from property
 plant
 and equipment.,
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities Property Plant And Equipment,
        negatedLabel: Property and equipment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantPortionsOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndDeferredTaxLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureRetirementPlanAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionAmount: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of discretionary contributions made by an employer to a defined contribution plan.,
        label: Defined Contribution Plan Employer Discretionary Contribution Amount,
        terseLabel: Company contribution amount
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionAmount,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureRetirementPlanAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanMaximumAnnualContributionsPerEmployeePercent: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Maximum percentage of employee gross pay the employee may contribute to a defined contribution plan.,
        label: Defined Contribution Plan Maximum Annual Contributions Per Employee Percent,
        terseLabel: Active participants contributions percentage
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedContributionPlanMaximumAnnualContributionsPerEmployeePercent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureRetirementPlanAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization: {
     auth_ref: [
      r93,
      r171
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 10160.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The current period expense charged against earnings on long-lived
 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.,
        label: Depreciation And Amortization,
        terseLabel: Depreciation and amortization
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DepreciationAndAmortization,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r253
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Disclosure Of Compensation Related Costs Share Based Payments [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Equity Incentive Plans and Equity
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Disclosure Of Compensation Related Costs Sharebased Payments [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DomesticCountryMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Designated tax department of the government that is entitled to levy and collect income taxes from the entity in its country of domicile.,
        label: Domestic Country [Member],
        terseLabel: Federal
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DomesticCountryMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EarliestTaxYearMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r268
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Earliest identified tax year.,
        label: Earliest Tax Year [Member],
        terseLabel: Earliest Tax Year
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EarliestTaxYearMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Earnings Per Share [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EarningsPerShareAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic: {
     auth_ref: [
      r69,
      r115,
      r120,
      r121,
      r122,
      r123,
      r127,
      r351,
      r361
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of net income (loss) for the period per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period.,
        label: Earnings Per Share Basic,
        terseLabel: -BASIC,
        verboseLabel: Basic earnings/(loss) per common share
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EarningsPerShareBasic,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureUnauditedQuarterlyResultsScheduleOfUnauditedQuarterlyResultsDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONSANDCOMPREHENSIVELOSS
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Earnings Per Share Basic And Diluted [Abstract],
        terseLabel: NET LOSS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONSANDCOMPREHENSIVELOSS
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted: {
     auth_ref: [
      r69,
      r115,
      r120,
      r121,
      r122,
      r123,
      r127,
      r351,
      r361
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of net income (loss) for the period available to each share of common stock or common unit outstanding during the reporting period and to each share or unit that would have been outstanding assuming the issuance of common shares or units for all dilutive potential common shares or units outstanding during the reporting period.,
        label: Earnings Per Share Diluted,
        terseLabel: -DILUTED,
        verboseLabel: Diluted earnings/(loss) per common share
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EarningsPerShareDiluted,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureUnauditedQuarterlyResultsScheduleOfUnauditedQuarterlyResultsDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONSANDCOMPREHENSIVELOSS
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r128
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for earnings per share.,
        label: Earnings Per Share [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Net Loss Attributable to Common Stockholders
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EarningsPerShareTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetLossAttributableToCommonStockholders
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r108,
      r264,
      r265
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesScheduleOfReconciliationOfStatutoryFederalIncomeTaxRateDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of current income tax expense (benefit) and deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to continuing operations.,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Continuing Operations,
        totalLabel: Effective tax rate
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesScheduleOfReconciliationOfStatutoryFederalIncomeTaxRateDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperationsTaxRateReconciliationAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Continuing Operations Tax Rate Reconciliation [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperationsTaxRateReconciliationAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r264,
      r265,
      r282
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesScheduleOfReconciliationOfStatutoryFederalIncomeTaxRateDetails: {
       order: 10010.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of domestic federal statutory tax rate applicable to pretax income (loss).,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation At Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate,
        terseLabel: Tax at federal statutory rate,
        verboseLabel: Federal corporate tax rate
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesScheduleOfReconciliationOfStatutoryFederalIncomeTaxRateDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance: {
     auth_ref: [
      r264,
      r265,
      r282
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesScheduleOfReconciliationOfStatutoryFederalIncomeTaxRateDetails: {
       order: 10060.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to changes in the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets.,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation Change In Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance,
        terseLabel: Valuation allowance
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesScheduleOfReconciliationOfStatutoryFederalIncomeTaxRateDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r264,
      r265,
      r282
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesScheduleOfReconciliationOfStatutoryFederalIncomeTaxRateDetails: {
       order: 10050.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to changes in the income tax rates.,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation Change In Enacted Tax Rate,
        terseLabel: State rate change
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesScheduleOfReconciliationOfStatutoryFederalIncomeTaxRateDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r264,
      r265,
      r282
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesScheduleOfReconciliationOfStatutoryFederalIncomeTaxRateDetails: {
       order: 10040.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to other adjustments.,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation Other Adjustments,
        terseLabel: Other
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesScheduleOfReconciliationOfStatutoryFederalIncomeTaxRateDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes: {
     auth_ref: [
      r264,
      r265,
      r282
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesScheduleOfReconciliationOfStatutoryFederalIncomeTaxRateDetails: {
       order: 10020.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit)
 net of federal tax expense (benefit).,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation State And Local Income Taxes,
        terseLabel: State taxes
 net of federal
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesScheduleOfReconciliationOfStatutoryFederalIncomeTaxRateDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r38
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureAccruedExpensesSummaryOfAccruedExpensesDetails: {
       order: 10020.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for obligations related to services received from employees
 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).,
        label: Employee Related Liabilities Current,
        terseLabel: Accrued Compensation and Employee Related Costs
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureAccruedExpensesSummaryOfAccruedExpensesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedStockOptions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r246
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cost to be recognized for option under share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Employee Service Share Based Compensation Nonvested Awards Total Compensation Cost Not Yet Recognized Stock Options,
        terseLabel: Total unrecognized compensation cost
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedStockOptions,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r243
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based payment arrangement granting right
 subject to vesting and other restrictions
 to purchase or sell certain number of shares at predetermined price for specified period of time.,
        label: Employee Stock Option [Member],
        terseLabel: Service Period Stock Options
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EmployeeStockOptionMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfNonvestedServicePeriodStockOptionsDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfStockOptionsOutstandingAndChangesUnderPlansDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityTables,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetLossAttributableToCommonStockholdersScheduleOfPotentiallyDilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromDeterminationOfDilutedLossPerShareAsTheirEffectIsAntidilutiveDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EquityComponentDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r187
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Components of equity are the parts of the total Equity balance including that which is allocated to common
 preferred
 treasury stock
 retained earnings
 etc.,
        label: Equity Component [Domain],
        terseLabel: Equity Component
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EquityComponentDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCHANGESINSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueAdjustmentOfWarrants: {
     auth_ref: [
      r93,
      r186
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expense (income) related to adjustment to fair value of warrant liability.,
        label: Fair Value Adjustment Of Warrants,
        terseLabel: Fair value adjustment for outstanding warrants
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueAdjustmentOfWarrants,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureWarrantAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationByAssetClassDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r302
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Class of asset.,
        label: Fair Value Assets Measured On Recurring Basis Unobservable Input Reconciliation By Asset Class [Domain],
        terseLabel: Asset Class
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationByAssetClassDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueByAssetClassAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r301,
      r303
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by class of asset.,
        label: Fair Value By Asset Class [Axis],
        terseLabel: Asset Class
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueByAssetClassAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r102,
      r304,
      r305
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for determining the fair value of financial instruments.,
        label: Fair Value Of Financial Instruments Policy,
        terseLabel: Fair Value of Financial Instruments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ForeignCountryMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Designated tax departments of governments entitled to levy and collect income taxes from the entity outside the entity's country of domicile.,
        label: Foreign Country [Member],
        terseLabel: Foreign
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ForeignCountryMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Equipment commonly used in offices and stores that have no permanent connection to the structure of a building or utilities. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 desks
 chairs
 tables
 and bookcases.,
        label: Furniture And Fixtures [Member],
        terseLabel: Furniture and Office Equipment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FurnitureAndFixturesMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r93,
      r170,
      r176
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 10130.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 excluding oil and gas property and timber property.,
        label: Gain Loss On Disposition Of Assets,
        negatedLabel: Loss on disposal of equipment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_GrossProfit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r72
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONSANDCOMPREHENSIVELOSS: {
       order: 10100.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate revenue less cost of goods and services sold or operating expenses directly attributable to the revenue generation activity.,
        label: Gross Profit,
        totalLabel: GROSS PROFIT
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GrossProfit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONSANDCOMPREHENSIVELOSS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r102,
      r169,
      r178
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for recognizing and measuring the impairment of long-lived assets. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for long-lived assets to be sold. This policy excludes goodwill and intangible assets.,
        label: Impairment Or Disposal Of Long Lived Assets Policy [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Long-Lived Assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest: {
     auth_ref: [
      r67,
      r115,
      r344,
      r349,
      r362
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONSANDCOMPREHENSIVELOSS: {
       order: 10040.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations
 including income (loss) from equity method investments
 before deduction of income tax expense (benefit)
 and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.,
        label: Income Loss From Continuing Operations Before Income Taxes Extraordinary Items Noncontrolling Interest,
        totalLabel: LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAXES
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONSANDCOMPREHENSIVELOSS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Income Statement [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeStatementAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r177
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by location in the income statement.,
        label: Income Statement Location [Axis],
        terseLabel: Income Statement Location
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeStatementLocationAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Location in the income statement.,
        label: Income Statement Location [Domain],
        terseLabel: Income Statement Location
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeStatementLocationDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r268
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by tax jurisdiction.,
        label: Income Tax Authority [Axis],
        terseLabel: Income Tax Authority
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Agency
 division or body classification that levies income taxes
 examines tax returns for compliance
 or grants exemptions from or makes other decisions pertaining to income taxes.,
        label: Income Tax Authority [Domain],
        terseLabel: Income Tax Authority
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxAuthorityDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Income Tax Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r286
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.,
        label: Income Tax Disclosure [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Income Taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxes
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxExaminationPenaltiesAndInterestExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r266
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The sum of the amounts of estimated penalties and interest recognized in the period arising from income tax examinations.,
        label: Income Tax Examination Penalties And Interest Expense,
        terseLabel: Income tax interest and penalties expense
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxExaminationPenaltiesAndInterestExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r104,
      r147,
      r284
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONSANDCOMPREHENSIVELOSS: {
       order: 10050.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current income tax expense (benefit) and deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to continuing operations.,
        label: Income Tax Expense Benefit,
        terseLabel: INCOME TAX EXPENSE
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONSANDCOMPREHENSIVELOSS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r65,
      r102,
      r260,
      r261,
      r270,
      r271,
      r276,
      r285,
      r369
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.,
        label: Income Tax Policy [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Income Taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid: {
     auth_ref: [
      r90,
      r97
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.,
        label: Income Taxes Paid,
        terseLabel: Taxes paid
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxesPaid,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r92
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 10230.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate amount of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business.,
        label: Increase Decrease In Accounts Payable,
        terseLabel: Accounts payable
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r92
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 10180.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in amount due within one year (or one business cycle) from customers for the credit sale of goods and services.,
        label: Increase Decrease In Accounts Receivable,
        negatedLabel: Accounts receivable
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r92
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 10240.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid.,
        label: Increase Decrease In Accrued Liabilities,
        terseLabel: Accrued expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories: {
     auth_ref: [
      r92
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 10190.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.,
        label: Increase Decrease In Inventories,
        negatedLabel: Inventories
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInInventories,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Increase Decrease In Operating Capital [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r92
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 10220.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in operating assets classified as other.,
        label: Increase Decrease In Other Operating Assets,
        negatedLabel: Other assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingAssets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r92
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 10200.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in prepaid expenses
 and assets classified as other.,
        label: Increase Decrease In Prepaid Deferred Expense And Other Assets,
        negatedLabel: Prepaid expenses and other current assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InterestExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r66,
      r146,
      r311,
      r314,
      r352
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONSANDCOMPREHENSIVELOSS: {
       order: 10090.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the cost of borrowed funds accounted for as interest expense.,
        label: Interest Expense,
        negatedLabel: Interest Expense
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InterestExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONSANDCOMPREHENSIVELOSS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt: {
     auth_ref: [
      r76,
      r184
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the cost of borrowed funds accounted for as interest expense for debt.,
        label: Interest Expense Debt,
        terseLabel: Interest expense and fees
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InterestExpenseDebt,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureDebtAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InterestPaidNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r86,
      r89,
      r97
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash paid for interest
 excluding capitalized interest
 classified as operating activity. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.,
        label: Interest Paid Net,
        terseLabel: Interest paid
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InterestPaidNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r9,
      r10,
      r38
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of [accrued] interest payable on all forms of debt
 including trade payables
 that has been incurred and is unpaid. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).,
        label: Interest Payable Current,
        terseLabel: Accrued interest
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InterestPayableCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureDebtAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Inventory Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryDisclosureAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r167
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.,
        label: Inventory Disclosure [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Inventories
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureInventories
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods: {
     auth_ref: [
      r46
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureInventoriesSummaryOfInventoriesDetails: {
       order: 10050.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_InventoryGross,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of completed merchandise or goods expected to be sold within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Inventory Finished Goods,
        terseLabel: Finished Goods
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryFinishedGoods,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureInventoriesSummaryOfInventoriesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InventoryGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r49
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureInventoriesSummaryOfInventoriesDetails: {
       order: 10010.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_InventoryNet,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Gross amount
 as of the balance sheet date
 of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.,
        label: Inventory Gross,
        totalLabel: Inventory gross
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryGross,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureInventoriesSummaryOfInventoriesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InventoryNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r1,
      r49,
      r162
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureInventoriesSummaryOfInventoriesDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      },
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 10220.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Inventory Net,
        terseLabel: Inventories
 net,
        totalLabel: Inventory net
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureInventoriesSummaryOfInventoriesDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r11,
      r50,
      r102,
      r129,
      r163,
      r165
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.,
        label: Inventory Policy [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Inventories
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InventoryValuationReserves: {
     auth_ref: [
      r49,
      r112,
      r162,
      r166
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureInventoriesSummaryOfInventoriesDetails: {
       order: 10020.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_InventoryNet,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of valuation reserve for inventory.,
        label: Inventory Valuation Reserves,
        negatedLabel: Reserve for Obsolete Inventory
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryValuationReserves,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureInventoriesSummaryOfInventoriesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InventoryWorkInProcess: {
     auth_ref: [
      r47
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureInventoriesSummaryOfInventoriesDetails: {
       order: 10040.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_InventoryGross,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of merchandise or goods in the production process expected to be completed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Inventory Work In Process,
        terseLabel: Packaging Components Material
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryWorkInProcess,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureInventoriesSummaryOfInventoriesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InventoryWorkInProcessAndRawMaterials: {
     auth_ref: [
      r48
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureInventoriesSummaryOfInventoriesDetails: {
       order: 10030.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_InventoryGross,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of items held by the entity which are partially completed at the time of measurement and unprocessed items that will go through the production process and become part of the final product.  Includes supplies used directly or indirectly in the manufacturing or production process.  This element may be used when the reporting entity combines work in process and raw materials into an aggregate amount.,
        label: Inventory Work In Process And Raw Materials,
        terseLabel: Raw Materials and Work in Process
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryWorkInProcessAndRawMaterials,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureInventoriesSummaryOfInventoriesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InventoryWriteDown: {
     auth_ref: [
      r164
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 10150.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of loss from reductions in inventory due to subsequent measurement adjustments
 including
 but not limited to
 physical deterioration
 obsolescence
 or changes in price levels.,
        label: Inventory Write Down,
        terseLabel: Inventory obsolescence
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryWriteDown,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LandBuildingsAndImprovementsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Real estate held and additions or improvements to real estate held and structures used in the conduct of business.,
        label: Land Buildings And Improvements [Member],
        terseLabel: Building
 Land
 and Improvements
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LandBuildingsAndImprovementsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LatestTaxYearMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r268
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Latest identified tax year.,
        label: Latest Tax Year [Member],
        terseLabel: Latest Tax Year
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LatestTaxYearMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets
 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.,
        label: Lease And Rental Expense,
        terseLabel: Rent expense for operating leases
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LeaseAndRentalExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LeaseCostTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r331
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of lessee's lease cost. Includes
 but is not limited to
 interest expense for finance lease
 amortization of right-of-use asset for finance lease
 operating lease cost
 short-term lease cost
 variable lease cost and sublease income.,
        label: Lease Cost Table [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Summary of Costs Related to Lease Obligations
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LeaseCostTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r172
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Additions or improvements to assets held under a lease arrangement.,
        label: Leasehold Improvements [Member],
        terseLabel: Leasehold Improvements
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LeaseholdImprovementsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LeasesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Leases [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LeasesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseExistenceOfOptionToExtend: {
     auth_ref: [
      r325
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicates (true false) whether lessee has option to extend operating lease.,
        label: Lessee Operating Lease Existence Of Option To Extend,
        terseLabel: Operating lease
 existence of option to extend
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseExistenceOfOptionToExtend,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r332
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of undiscounted cash flows of lessee's operating lease liability. Includes
 but is not limited to
 reconciliation of undiscounted cash flows to operating lease liability recognized in statement of financial position.,
        label: Lessee Operating Lease Liability Maturity Table [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Summary of Future Minimum Payments Due Under Lease Obligations
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r332
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesSummaryOfFutureMinimumPaymentsDueUnderLeaseObligationsDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      },
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesSummaryOfFutureMinimumPaymentsDueUnderLeaseObligationsDetails2: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease.,
        label: Lessee Operating Lease Liability Payments Due,
        totalLabel: Total lease payments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesSummaryOfFutureMinimumPaymentsDueUnderLeaseObligationsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths: {
     auth_ref: [
      r332
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesSummaryOfFutureMinimumPaymentsDueUnderLeaseObligationsDetails: {
       order: 10010.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due in next fiscal year following latest fiscal year.,
        label: Lessee Operating Lease Liability Payments Due Next Twelve Months,
        terseLabel: 2020
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesSummaryOfFutureMinimumPaymentsDueUnderLeaseObligationsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFour: {
     auth_ref: [
      r332
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesSummaryOfFutureMinimumPaymentsDueUnderLeaseObligationsDetails: {
       order: 10040.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due in fourth fiscal year following latest fiscal year.,
        label: Lessee Operating Lease Liability Payments Due Year Four,
        terseLabel: 2023
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFour,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesSummaryOfFutureMinimumPaymentsDueUnderLeaseObligationsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearThree: {
     auth_ref: [
      r332
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesSummaryOfFutureMinimumPaymentsDueUnderLeaseObligationsDetails: {
       order: 10030.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due in third fiscal year following latest fiscal year.,
        label: Lessee Operating Lease Liability Payments Due Year Three,
        terseLabel: 2022
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearThree,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesSummaryOfFutureMinimumPaymentsDueUnderLeaseObligationsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearTwo: {
     auth_ref: [
      r332
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesSummaryOfFutureMinimumPaymentsDueUnderLeaseObligationsDetails: {
       order: 10020.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due in second fiscal year following latest fiscal year.,
        label: Lessee Operating Lease Liability Payments Due Year Two,
        terseLabel: 2021
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearTwo,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesSummaryOfFutureMinimumPaymentsDueUnderLeaseObligationsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityUndiscountedExcessAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r332
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesSummaryOfFutureMinimumPaymentsDueUnderLeaseObligationsDetails2: {
       order: 10010.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments in excess of discounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease.,
        label: Lessee Operating Lease Liability Undiscounted Excess Amount,
        negatedLabel: Less: Imputed interest
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityUndiscountedExcessAmount,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesSummaryOfFutureMinimumPaymentsDueUnderLeaseObligationsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseRenewalTerm: {
     auth_ref: [
      r325
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Term of lessee's operating lease renewal
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.,
        label: Lessee Operating Lease Renewal Term,
        terseLabel: Operating lease
 renewal term
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseRenewalTerm,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseTermOfContract: {
     auth_ref: [
      r325
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Term of lessee's operating lease
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.,
        label: Lessee Operating Lease Term Of Contract,
        terseLabel: Operating lease remaining lease term
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseTermOfContract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    us-gaap_Liabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r37
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 10010.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all liabilities that are recognized. Liabilities are probable future sacrifices of economic benefits arising from present obligations of an entity to transfer assets or provide services to other entities in the future.,
        label: Liabilities,
        totalLabel: Total Liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: Liabilities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r25,
      r348,
      r358
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.,
        label: Liabilities And Stockholders Equity,
        totalLabel: Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Liabilities And Stockholders Equity [Abstract],
        terseLabel: LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r39
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 10080.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Liabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Liabilities Current,
        totalLabel: Total Current Liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LiabilitiesCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Liabilities Current [Abstract],
        terseLabel: CURRENT LIABILITIES:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityDateOfFirstRequiredPayment1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r35
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Date the first payment under the line of credit must be paid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.,
        label: Line Of Credit Facility Date Of First Required Payment1,
        terseLabel: Line of credit facility
 date of first required payment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityDateOfFirstRequiredPayment1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureDebtAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: dateItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityExpirationDate1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r35
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Date the credit facility terminates
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.,
        label: Line Of Credit Facility Expiration Date1,
        terseLabel: Line of credit facility
 maturity date
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityExpirationDate1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureDebtAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: dateItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityFrequencyOfPaymentAndPaymentTerms: {
     auth_ref: [
      r35
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Description of the frequency of the required periodic payments of interest
 principal
 or both
 and the amount
 if set
 or a description of a formula upon which payment is based.,
        label: Line Of Credit Facility Frequency Of Payment And Payment Terms,
        terseLabel: Line of credit facility
 frequency of payment and payment terms
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityFrequencyOfPaymentAndPaymentTerms,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureDebtAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityFrequencyOfPayments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r35
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Description of the frequency of periodic payments
 which may be presented in a variety of ways (for example
 monthly
 quarterly
 annually).,
        label: Line Of Credit Facility Frequency Of Payments,
        terseLabel: Line of credit facility
 frequency of payments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityFrequencyOfPayments,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureDebtAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityIncreaseDecreaseForPeriodNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r107
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) of the credit facility.,
        label: Line Of Credit Facility Increase Decrease For Period Net,
        terseLabel: Increase in credit facility
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityIncreaseDecreaseForPeriodNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureDebtAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureSubsequentEventsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r35
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of borrowing capacity currently available under the credit facility (current borrowing capacity less the amount of borrowings outstanding).,
        label: Line Of Credit Facility Remaining Borrowing Capacity,
        terseLabel: Line of credit facility
 remaining borrowing capacity
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureDebtAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LitigationSettlementAmountAwardedToOtherParty: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount awarded to other party in judgment or settlement of litigation.,
        label: Litigation Settlement Amount Awarded To Other Party,
        terseLabel: Litigation settlement amount
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LitigationSettlementAmountAwardedToOtherParty,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LondonInterbankOfferedRateLIBORMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Interest rate at which a bank borrows funds from other banks in the London interbank market.,
        label: London Interbank Offered Rate L I B O R [Member],
        terseLabel: LIBOR
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LondonInterbankOfferedRateLIBORMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureDebtAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r40
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 10090.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Liabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs of long-term debt classified as noncurrent and excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.,
        label: Long Term Debt Noncurrent,
        terseLabel: Long term debt
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LongTermDebtNoncurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LossContingencyReceivable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r182
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of receivable related to a loss contingency accrual. For example
 an insurance recovery receivable.,
        label: Loss Contingency Receivable,
        terseLabel: Gain Contingency
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LossContingencyReceivable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tangible personal property used to produce goods and services
 including
 but is not limited to
 tools
 dies and molds
 computer and office equipment.,
        label: Machinery And Equipment [Member],
        terseLabel: Machinery and Equipment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MachineryAndEquipmentMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NatureOfOperations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r132,
      r145
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for the nature of an entity's business
 major products or services
 principal markets including location
 and the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination
 including but not limited to
 assets
 revenues
 or earnings. For an entity that has not commenced principal operations
 disclosures about the risks and uncertainties related to the activities in which the entity is currently engaged and an understanding of what those activities are being directed toward.,
        label: Nature Of Operations,
        terseLabel: Nature of the Business
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NatureOfOperations,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r88
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 10030.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseExcludingExchangeRateEffect,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.,
        label: Net Cash Provided By Used In Financing Activities,
        totalLabel: Net cash flows provided by financing activities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Net Cash Provided By Used In Financing Activities [Abstract],
        terseLabel: CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r88
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 10020.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseExcludingExchangeRateEffect,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.,
        label: Net Cash Provided By Used In Investing Activities,
        totalLabel: Net cash flows used in investing activities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Net Cash Provided By Used In Investing Activities [Abstract],
        terseLabel: CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r88,
      r91,
      r94
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 10010.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseExcludingExchangeRateEffect,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.,
        label: Net Cash Provided By Used In Operating Activities,
        totalLabel: Net cash flows provided by operating activities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Net Cash Provided By Used In Operating Activities [Abstract],
        terseLabel: CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r59,
      r62,
      r68,
      r94,
      r126,
      r350,
      r360
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.,
        label: Net Income Loss,
        terseLabel: Net loss,
        verboseLabel: Net Income/(loss)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetIncomeLoss,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureUnauditedQuarterlyResultsScheduleOfUnauditedQuarterlyResultsDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCHANGESINSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic: {
     auth_ref: [
      r115,
      r118
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONSANDCOMPREHENSIVELOSS: {
       order: 10010.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities; of income (loss) available to common shareholders.,
        label: Net Income Loss Available To Common Stockholders Basic,
        totalLabel: LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS,
        verboseLabel: Net Income/(loss) attributable to common stockholders
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureUnauditedQuarterlyResultsScheduleOfUnauditedQuarterlyResultsDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONSANDCOMPREHENSIVELOSS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsAndChangesInAccountingPrinciplesTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r116
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure of changes in accounting principles
 including adoption of new accounting pronouncements
 that describes the new methods
 amount and effects on financial statement line items.,
        label: New Accounting Pronouncements And Changes In Accounting Principles [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Recently Issued Accounting Standards
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NewAccountingPronouncementsAndChangesInAccountingPrinciplesTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureRecentlyIssuedAccountingStandards
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NoncashInvestingAndFinancingItemsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Noncash Investing And Financing Items [Abstract],
        terseLabel: NON-CASH FINANCING AND INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NoncashInvestingAndFinancingItemsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionFixedAssetsAcquired1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r98,
      r99,
      r100
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of fixed assets that an Entity acquires in a noncash (or part noncash) acquisition. Noncash is defined as information about all investing and financing activities of an enterprise during a period that affect recognized assets or liabilities but that do not result in cash receipts or cash payments in the period. \Part noncash\ refers to that portion of the transaction not resulting in cash receipts or cash payments in the period.,
        label: Noncash Or Part Noncash Acquisition Fixed Assets Acquired1,
        terseLabel: Property
 plant and equipment purchases in accounts payable
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionFixedAssetsAcquired1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r75
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONSANDCOMPREHENSIVELOSS: {
       order: 10070.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).,
        label: Nonoperating Income Expense,
        totalLabel: Other Income/(Expenses)
 Total
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NonoperatingIncomeExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONSANDCOMPREHENSIVELOSS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Nonoperating Income Expense [Abstract],
        terseLabel: OTHER INCOME/(EXPENSES):
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONSANDCOMPREHENSIVELOSS
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NumberOfOperatingSegments: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of operating segments. An operating segment is a component of an enterprise: (a) that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses (including revenues and expenses relating to transactions with other components of the same enterprise)
 (b) whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the enterprise's chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance
 and (c) for which discrete financial information is available. An operating segment may engage in business activities for which it has yet to earn revenues
 for example
 start-up operations may be operating segments before earning revenues.,
        label: Number Of Operating Segments,
        terseLabel: Number of operating segments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NumberOfOperatingSegments,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONSANDCOMPREHENSIVELOSS: {
       order: 10060.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The net result for the period of deducting operating expenses from operating revenues.,
        label: Operating Income Loss,
        totalLabel: LOSS FROM OPERATIONS,
        verboseLabel: Income/(loss) from operations
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingIncomeLoss,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureUnauditedQuarterlyResultsScheduleOfUnauditedQuarterlyResultsDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONSANDCOMPREHENSIVELOSS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r326,
      r333
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of single lease cost
 calculated by allocation of remaining cost of lease over remaining lease term. Includes
 but is not limited to
 single lease cost
 after impairment of right-of-use asset
 calculated by amortization of remaining right-of-use asset and accretion of lease liability.,
        label: Operating Lease Cost,
        terseLabel: Operating lease cost
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeaseCost,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesSummaryOfCostsRelatedToLeaseObligationsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiability: {
     auth_ref: [
      r323
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesSummaryOfFutureMinimumPaymentsDueUnderLeaseObligationsDetails2: {
       order: 10020.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease.,
        label: Operating Lease Liability,
        terseLabel: Present value of lease liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeaseLiability,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesSummaryOfFutureMinimumPaymentsDueUnderLeaseObligationsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r323
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 10140.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as current.,
        label: Operating Lease Liability Current,
        terseLabel: Current operating lease liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeaseLiabilityCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r323
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 10100.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Liabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as noncurrent.,
        label: Operating Lease Liability Noncurrent,
        terseLabel: Long term operating lease liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasePayments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r324,
      r327
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash outflow from operating lease
 excluding payments to bring another asset to condition and location necessary for its intended use.,
        label: Operating Lease Payments,
        terseLabel: Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeasePayments,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesSupplementalCashFlowInformationAndNonCashActivityRelatingToOperatingLeasesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset: {
     auth_ref: [
      r322
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 10180.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's right to use underlying asset under operating lease.,
        label: Operating Lease Right Of Use Asset,
        terseLabel: Operating lease right of use assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r330,
      r333
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average discount rate for operating lease calculated at point in time.,
        label: Operating Lease Weighted Average Discount Rate Percent,
        terseLabel: Weighted-average discount rate
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTermAndDiscountRateRelatedToOperatingLeasesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r329,
      r333
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average remaining lease term for operating lease
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.,
        label: Operating Lease Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term1,
        terseLabel: Weighted-average remaining lease term
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTermAndDiscountRateRelatedToOperatingLeasesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r318,
      r320
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable letter-terms in excess of one year.,
        label: Operating Leases Future Minimum Payments Due,
        totalLabel: Future minimum payments due
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Operating Leases Future Minimum Payments Due [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r318,
      r320
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueDetails: {
       order: 10010.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.,
        label: Operating Leases Future Minimum Payments Due Current,
        terseLabel: 2019
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears: {
     auth_ref: [
      r318,
      r320
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueDetails: {
       order: 10050.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.,
        label: Operating Leases Future Minimum Payments Due In Five Years,
        terseLabel: 2023
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears: {
     auth_ref: [
      r318,
      r320
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueDetails: {
       order: 10040.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.,
        label: Operating Leases Future Minimum Payments Due In Four Years,
        terseLabel: 2022
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears: {
     auth_ref: [
      r318,
      r320
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueDetails: {
       order: 10030.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.,
        label: Operating Leases Future Minimum Payments Due In Three Years,
        terseLabel: 2021
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears: {
     auth_ref: [
      r318,
      r320
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueDetails: {
       order: 10020.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.,
        label: Operating Leases Future Minimum Payments Due In Two Years,
        terseLabel: 2020
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter: {
     auth_ref: [
      r318,
      r320
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueDetails: {
       order: 10060.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.,
        label: Operating Leases Future Minimum Payments Due Thereafter,
        terseLabel: 2024 and thereafter
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r183,
      r316,
      r317,
      r319,
      r321
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure for lessee's operating leases. Includes
 but is not limited to
 description of lessee's operating lease
 existence and terms of renewal or purchase options and escalation clauses
 restrictions imposed by lease
 such as those concerning dividends
 additional debt
 and further leasing
 rent holidays
 rent concessions
 or leasehold improvement incentives and unusual provisions or conditions.,
        label: Operating Leases Of Lessee Disclosure [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term And Discount Rate Related To Operating Leases
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r8,
      r9,
      r10,
      r38
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureAccruedExpensesSummaryOfAccruedExpensesDetails: {
       order: 10080.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Other Accrued Liabilities Current,
        terseLabel: Other Accrued Expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureAccruedExpensesSummaryOfAccruedExpensesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r51
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 10240.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current assets classified as other.,
        label: Other Assets Current,
        terseLabel: Other current assets(1)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherAssetsCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherAssetsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r298,
      r300
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing other assets.,
        label: Other Assets [Member],
        terseLabel: Other Assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherAssetsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureDebtAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r33
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 10190.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of noncurrent assets classified as other.,
        label: Other Assets Noncurrent,
        terseLabel: Other assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherAssetsNoncurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherCommitmentsAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of other commitment.,
        label: Other Commitments [Axis],
        terseLabel: Other Commitments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherCommitmentsAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueUnderManufacturingAndServiceObligationsDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherCommitmentsDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Other future obligation.,
        label: Other Commitments [Domain],
        terseLabel: Other Commitments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherCommitmentsDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueUnderManufacturingAndServiceObligationsDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r53,
      r310
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONSANDCOMPREHENSIVELOSS: {
       order: 10030.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.,
        label: Other Comprehensive Income Loss Foreign Currency Transaction And Translation Adjustment Net Of Tax,
        terseLabel: Change in foreign currency translation,
        verboseLabel: Foreign Currency Translation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCHANGESINSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONSANDCOMPREHENSIVELOSS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r60,
      r63,
      r287,
      r288,
      r292
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONSANDCOMPREHENSIVELOSS: {
       order: 10020.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax of other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to parent entity.,
        label: Other Comprehensive Income Loss Net Of Tax Portion Attributable To Parent,
        totalLabel: TOTAL OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONSANDCOMPREHENSIVELOSS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Other Comprehensive Income Loss Net Of Tax Portion Attributable To Parent [Abstract],
        terseLabel: OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS):
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParentAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONSANDCOMPREHENSIVELOSS
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherCurrentAssetsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r298,
      r300
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing other current assets.,
        label: Other Current Assets [Member],
        terseLabel: Other Current Assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherCurrentAssetsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r41
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 10110.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Liabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of liabilities classified as other
 due after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Other Liabilities Noncurrent,
        terseLabel: Other liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r77
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONSANDCOMPREHENSIVELOSS: {
       order: 10080.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.,
        label: Other Nonoperating Income Expense,
        terseLabel: Other Income/(Expenses)
 net
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONSANDCOMPREHENSIVELOSS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Payables And Accruals [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts: {
     auth_ref: [
      r84
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 10040.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow paid to third parties in connection with debt origination
 which will be amortized over the remaining maturity period of the associated long-term debt.,
        label: Payments Of Debt Issuance Costs,
        negatedLabel: Debt issuance costs
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PaymentsOfFinancingCosts: {
     auth_ref: [
      r85
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 10090.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow for loan and debt issuance costs.,
        label: Payments Of Financing Costs,
        negatedLabel: Financing fees paid in connection with borrowings
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PaymentsOfFinancingCosts,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PaymentsRelatedToTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r82
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 10060.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash outflow to satisfy grantee's tax withholding obligation for award under share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Payments Related To Tax Withholding For Share Based Compensation,
        negatedLabel: Tax withholdings related to net shares settlements of restricted stock units,
        terseLabel: Payments related to tax withholding for share-based compensation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PaymentsRelatedToTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r79
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 10100.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow for purchases of and capital improvements on property
 plant and equipment (capital expenditures)
 software
 and other intangible assets.,
        label: Payments To Acquire Productive Assets,
        negatedLabel: Acquisitions of property
 plant and equipment
 software and deposits on equipment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PerformanceSharesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based payment arrangement awarded for meeting performance target.,
        label: Performance Shares [Member],
        terseLabel: Performance Stock Options
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PerformanceSharesMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetLossAttributableToCommonStockholdersScheduleOfPotentiallyDilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromDeterminationOfDilutedLossPerShareAsTheirEffectIsAntidilutiveDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PlanNameAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r215,
      r247
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by plan name for share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Plan Name [Axis],
        terseLabel: Plan Name
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PlanNameAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PlanNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Plan name for share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Plan Name [Domain],
        terseLabel: Plan Name
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PlanNameDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PreferredStockDividendsAndOtherAdjustments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r118,
      r124
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate value of preferred stock dividends and other adjustments necessary to derive net income apportioned to common stockholders.,
        label: Preferred Stock Dividends And Other Adjustments,
        terseLabel: Reconciling items between net loss/income and net loss attributable to common stockholders
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PreferredStockDividendsAndOtherAdjustments,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetLossAttributableToCommonStockholdersAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PrepaidAdvertising: {
     auth_ref: [
      r4
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of consideration paid in advance for advertising that provides economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Prepaid Advertising,
        terseLabel: Production cost in prepaid advertising expense
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PrepaidAdvertising,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r3,
      r6,
      r168
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 10230.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Prepaid Expense Current,
        terseLabel: Prepaid expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PrepaidExpenseCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r81,
      r107
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 10070.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow from contractual arrangement with the lender
 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.,
        label: Proceeds From Lines Of Credit,
        terseLabel: Proceeds from borrowings under Credit Facilities,
        verboseLabel: Borrowings under credit facilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureDebtAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised: {
     auth_ref: [
      r80,
      r248
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 10050.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow from exercise of option under share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Proceeds From Stock Options Exercised,
        terseLabel: Proceeds from exercise of options to purchase common stock
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ProductMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r201
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Article or substance produced by nature
 labor or machinery.,
        label: Product [Member],
        terseLabel: Product
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProductMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ProfitLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r59,
      r62,
      r87,
      r148,
      r149,
      r287,
      r290,
      r291,
      r294,
      r295
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 10110.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.,
        label: Profit Loss,
        terseLabel: Net loss
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProfitLoss,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Property Plant And Equipment [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r32,
      r175
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of long-lived
 physical assets used to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.,
        label: Property Plant And Equipment By Type [Axis],
        terseLabel: Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Type
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDepreciationMethods: {
     auth_ref: [
      r174
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Description of the methodology for computing depreciation for classes of depreciable assets.,
        label: Property Plant And Equipment Depreciation Methods,
        terseLabel: Property plant and equipment depreciation method
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDepreciationMethods,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r179
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.,
        label: Property Plant And Equipment Disclosure [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Property
 Plant and Equipment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipment
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r31,
      r172
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetDetails: {
       order: 10010.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.,
        label: Property Plant And Equipment Gross,
        terseLabel: Property
 plant and equipment
 gross
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Property Plant And Equipment [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Property Plant And Equipment [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.,
        label: Property Plant And Equipment [Member],
        terseLabel: Property
 Plant and Equipment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r13,
      r14,
      r175,
      r359
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      },
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 10160.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.,
        label: Property Plant And Equipment Net,
        terseLabel: Property
 plant and equipment
 net,
        totalLabel: Property
 plant and equipment
 net
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r30,
      r102,
      r175
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.,
        label: Property Plant And Equipment Policy [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Property
 Plant and Equipment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r13,
      r175
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.,
        label: Property Plant And Equipment [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Summary of Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r13,
      r172
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Listing of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 and other types of furniture and equipment including
 but not limited to
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment and software.,
        label: Property Plant And Equipment Type [Domain],
        terseLabel: Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Type
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTypeDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.,
        label: Property Plant And Equipment Useful Life,
        terseLabel: Estimated useful life
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialDataAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Quarterly Financial Data [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: QuarterlyFinancialDataAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Quarterly Financial Information Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r131
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for quarterly financial data. Includes
 but is not limited to
 tabular presentation of financial information for fiscal quarters
 effect of year-end adjustments
 and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability of the information.,
        label: Quarterly Financial Information [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Unaudited Quarterly Results
       }
      }
     },
     localname: QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureUnauditedQuarterlyResults
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r102,
      r156,
      r158,
      r159,
      r160
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for receivable. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounts receivable and financing receivable.,
        label: Receivables Policy [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Accounts Receivable
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAmountsOfTransaction: {
     auth_ref: [
      r334,
      r337,
      r338
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of transactions with related party during the financial reporting period.,
        label: Related Party Transaction Amounts Of Transaction,
        terseLabel: Payments made to a stockholder for distribution services
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionAmountsOfTransaction,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureRelatedPartyTransactionsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r206,
      r335,
      r337
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of related party transaction.,
        label: Related Party Transaction [Axis],
        terseLabel: Related Party Transaction
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureRelatedPartyTransactionsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Transaction between related party.,
        label: Related Party Transaction [Domain],
        terseLabel: Related Party Transaction
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureRelatedPartyTransactionsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Related Party Transaction [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Related Party Transaction [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureRelatedPartyTransactionsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Related Party Transactions [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r341
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for related party transactions. Examples of related party transactions include transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiary; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) and entity and its principal owners; and (d) affiliates.,
        label: Related Party Transactions Disclosure [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Related Party Transactions
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureRelatedPartyTransactions
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r83,
      r107
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 10080.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash outflow for payment of an obligation from a lender
 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.,
        label: Repayments Of Lines Of Credit,
        negatedLabel: Repayment of borrowings under Credit Facilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r256,
      r371
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.,
        label: Research And Development Expense,
        terseLabel: Research and development costs
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r102,
      r256
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for costs it has incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.,
        label: Research And Development Expense Policy,
        terseLabel: Research &amp; Development
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share instrument which is convertible to stock or an equivalent amount of cash
 after a specified period of time or when specified performance conditions are met.,
        label: Restricted Stock Units R S U [Member],
        terseLabel: Restricted Stock Units
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfStockOptionsOutstandingAndChangesUnderPlansDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityTables,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetLossAttributableToCommonStockholdersScheduleOfPotentiallyDilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromDeterminationOfDilutedLossPerShareAsTheirEffectIsAntidilutiveDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r22,
      r192,
      r357
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 10050.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cumulative amount of the reporting entity's undistributed earnings or deficit.,
        label: Retained Earnings Accumulated Deficit,
        terseLabel: Accumulated deficit
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cumulative amount of the reporting entity's undistributed earnings or deficit.,
        label: Retained Earnings [Member],
        terseLabel: Accumulated Deficit
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RetainedEarningsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCHANGESINSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r198,
      r199
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONSANDCOMPREHENSIVELOSS: {
       order: 10120.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_GrossProfit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 excluding tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value added and excise.,
        label: Revenue From Contract With Customer Excluding Assessed Tax,
        terseLabel: NET SALES,
        verboseLabel: Net sales
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesInformationAboutCompanySNetSalesByClassOfRetailerDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureUnauditedQuarterlyResultsScheduleOfUnauditedQuarterlyResultsDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONSANDCOMPREHENSIVELOSS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r103,
      r205
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue from contract with customer.,
        label: Revenue From Contract With Customer Policy [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Revenue Recognition and Incentives
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RevenueFromContractWithCustomerPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Arrangement in which loan proceeds can continuously be obtained following repayments
 but the total amount borrowed cannot exceed a specified maximum amount.,
        label: Revolving Credit Facility [Member],
        terseLabel: Revolving Loan Facility
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RevolvingCreditFacilityMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureDebtAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RightOfUseAssetObtainedInExchangeForOperatingLeaseLiability: {
     auth_ref: [
      r328,
      r333
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in right-of-use asset obtained in exchange for operating lease liability.,
        label: Right Of Use Asset Obtained In Exchange For Operating Lease Liability,
        terseLabel: Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RightOfUseAssetObtainedInExchangeForOperatingLeaseLiability,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesSupplementalCashFlowInformationAndNonCashActivityRelatingToOperatingLeasesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RisksAndUncertaintiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Risks And Uncertainties [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RisksAndUncertaintiesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r139
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Revenue from sale of product and rendering of service and other sources of income
 when it serves as benchmark in concentration of risk calculation.,
        label: Sales Revenue Net [Member],
        terseLabel: Sales Revenue Net
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SalesRevenueNetMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureConcentrationsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the components of accrued liabilities.,
        label: Schedule Of Accrued Liabilities Table [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Summary of Accrued Expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureAccruedExpensesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r125
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule for securities (including those issuable pursuant to contingent stock agreements) that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share (EPS) in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS because to do so would increase EPS amounts or decrease loss per share amounts for the period presented
 by Antidilutive Securities.,
        label: Schedule Of Antidilutive Securities Excluded From Computation Of Earnings Per Share [Table],
        terseLabel: Schedule Of Antidilutive Securities Excluded From Computation Of Earnings Per Share [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetLossAttributableToCommonStockholdersScheduleOfPotentiallyDilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromDeterminationOfDilutedLossPerShareAsTheirEffectIsAntidilutiveDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r125
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of securities (including those issuable pursuant to contingent stock agreements) that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share (EPS) in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS because to do so would increase EPS amounts or decrease loss per share amounts for the period presented
 by antidilutive securities.,
        label: Schedule Of Antidilutive Securities Excluded From Computation Of Earnings Per Share [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Schedule of Potentially Dilutive Securities Excluded from Determination of Diluted Loss per Share
 as Their Effect is Antidilutive
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetLossAttributableToCommonStockholdersTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r281
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.,
        label: Schedule Of Components Of Income Tax Expense Benefit Table [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Summary of Income Taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r275
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.,
        label: Schedule Of Deferred Tax Assets And Liabilities Table [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Net Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfDefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r207,
      r208,
      r209,
      r210,
      r211
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosures about an individual defined benefit pension plan or an other postretirement defined benefit plan. It may be appropriate to group certain similar plans.  Also includes schedule for fair value of plan assets by major categories of plan assets by the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall
 segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1)
 Significant other observable inputs (Level 2)
 and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).,
        label: Schedule Of Defined Benefit Plans Disclosures [Table],
        terseLabel: Schedule Of Defined Benefit Plans Disclosures [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfDefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureRetirementPlanAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r264
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the reconciliation using percentage or dollar amounts of the reported amount of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for the year to the amount of income tax expense that would result from applying domestic federal statutory tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations.,
        label: Schedule Of Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation Table [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Schedule of Reconciliation of the Statutory Federal Income Tax Rate
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r321
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of future minimum payments required in the aggregate and for each of the five succeeding fiscal years for operating leases having initial or remaining noncancelable lease terms in excess of one year and the total minimum rentals to be received in the future under noncancelable subleases as of the balance sheet date.,
        label: Schedule Of Future Minimum Rental Payments For Operating Leases Table [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Future Minimum Payments Due
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r11,
      r26,
      r27,
      r28
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.,
        label: Schedule Of Inventory Current Table [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Summary of Inventories
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureInventoriesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfNonvestedShareActivityTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r228
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the changes in outstanding nonvested shares.,
        label: Schedule Of Nonvested Share Activity Table [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Summary of Nonvested Service Period Stock Options
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfNonvestedShareActivityTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r32,
      r175
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.,
        label: Schedule Of Property Plant And Equipment [Table],
        terseLabel: Schedule Of Property Plant And Equipment [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r130
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of quarterly financial data. Includes
 but is not limited to
 financial information for fiscal quarters
 cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.,
        label: Schedule Of Quarterly Financial Information Table [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Schedule of Unaudited Quarterly Results
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureUnauditedQuarterlyResultsTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r105,
      r335,
      r337,
      r338,
      r339,
      r340
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule of quantitative and qualitative information pertaining to related party transactions. Examples of related party transactions include transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiary; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) and entity and its principal owners; and (d) affiliates.,
        label: Schedule Of Related Party Transactions By Related Party [Table],
        terseLabel: Schedule Of Related Party Transactions By Related Party [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfRelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureRelatedPartyTransactionsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r215,
      r247
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Schedule Of Share Based Compensation Arrangements By Share Based Payment Award [Table],
        terseLabel: Schedule Of Share Based Compensation Arrangements By Share Based Payment Award [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityExpectedDividendYieldValuationModelDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfNonvestedServicePeriodStockOptionsDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfStockOptionsOutstandingAndChangesUnderPlansDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r220,
      r233,
      r236
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure for stock option plans. Includes
 but is not limited to
 outstanding awards at beginning and end of year
 grants
 exercises
 forfeitures
 and weighted-average grant date fair value.,
        label: Schedule Of Share Based Compensation Stock Options Activity Table [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Summary of Stock Options Outstanding and Changes under Plans
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r238
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of stock options
 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.,
        label: Schedule Of Share Based Payment Award Stock Options Valuation Assumptions Table [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Expected Dividend Yield Valuation Model
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r102
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for segment reporting.,
        label: Segment Reporting Policy Policy [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Segments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r74,
      r161
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONSANDCOMPREHENSIVELOSS: {
       order: 10110.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.,
        label: Selling General And Administrative Expense,
        terseLabel: SELLING
 GENERAL
 AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONSANDCOMPREHENSIVELOSS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r78
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing selling
 general and administrative expense.,
        label: Selling General And Administrative Expenses [Member],
        terseLabel: Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r92
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 10140.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of noncash expense for share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Share Based Compensation,
        terseLabel: Share-based compensation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensation,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r216
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Period over which grantee's right to exercise award under share-based payment arrangement is no longer contingent on satisfaction of service or performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Includes
 but is not limited to
 combination of market
 performance or service condition.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Award Vesting Period1,
        terseLabel: Vesting period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r226
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Equity Instruments Other Than Options Forfeited In Period,
        negatedLabel: Shares
 Forfeited
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfStockOptionsOutstandingAndChangesUnderPlansDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r232
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average fair value as of the grant date of equity-based award plans other than stock (unit) option plans that were not exercised or put into effect as a result of the occurrence of a terminating event.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Equity Instruments Other Than Options Forfeitures Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value,
        terseLabel: Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Unit
 Forfeited
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfStockOptionsOutstandingAndChangesUnderPlansDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r230
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Equity Instruments Other Than Options Grants In Period,
        terseLabel: Shares
 Granted
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfStockOptionsOutstandingAndChangesUnderPlansDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r230
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Equity Instruments Other Than Options Grants In Period Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value,
        terseLabel: Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Unit
 Granted
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfStockOptionsOutstandingAndChangesUnderPlansDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r229
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Equity Instruments Other Than Options Nonvested Number,
        periodEndLabel: Shares
 Outstanding Ending Balance,
        periodStartLabel: Shares
 Outstanding Beginning Balance
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfStockOptionsOutstandingAndChangesUnderPlansDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r229
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Per share or unit weighted-average fair value of nonvested award under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes share and unit options.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Equity Instruments Other Than Options Nonvested Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value,
        periodEndLabel: Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Unit
 Outstanding Ending Balance,
        periodStartLabel: Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Unit
 Outstanding Beginning Balance
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfStockOptionsOutstandingAndChangesUnderPlansDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r231
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Equity Instruments Other Than Options Vested In Period,
        negatedLabel: Shares
 Issued Upon Vesting
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfStockOptionsOutstandingAndChangesUnderPlansDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r231
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The weighted average fair value as of grant date pertaining to an equity-based award plan other than a stock (or unit) option plan for which the grantee gained the right during the reporting period
 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Equity Instruments Other Than Options Vested In Period Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value,
        terseLabel: Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Unit
 Issued Upon Vesting
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfStockOptionsOutstandingAndChangesUnderPlansDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r241
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The estimated dividend rate (a percentage of the share price) to be paid (expected dividends) to holders of the underlying shares over the option's term.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Fair Value Assumptions Expected Dividend Rate,
        terseLabel: Expected dividend yield
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityExpectedDividendYieldValuationModelDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r240
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Fair Value Assumptions Expected Volatility Rate,
        terseLabel: Expected volatility
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityExpectedDividendYieldValuationModelDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r242
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The risk-free interest rate assumption that is used in valuing an option on its own shares.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Fair Value Assumptions Risk Free Interest Rate,
        terseLabel: Risk-free interest rate
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityExpectedDividendYieldValuationModelDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRateMaximum: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The maximum risk-free interest rate assumption that is used in valuing an option on its own shares.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Fair Value Assumptions Risk Free Interest Rate Maximum,
        terseLabel: Risk-free interest rate
 maximum
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRateMaximum,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityExpectedDividendYieldValuationModelDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRateMinimum: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The minimum risk-free interest rate assumption that is used in valuing an option on its own shares.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Fair Value Assumptions Risk Free Interest Rate Minimum,
        terseLabel: Risk-free interest rate
 minimum
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRateMinimum,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityExpectedDividendYieldValuationModelDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityExpectedDividendYieldValuationModelDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfNonvestedServicePeriodStockOptionsDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfStockOptionsOutstandingAndChangesUnderPlansDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfAdditionalSharesAuthorized: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of additional shares authorized for issuance under share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Number Of Additional Shares Authorized,
        verboseLabel: Stock options
 number of additional shares granted
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfAdditionalSharesAuthorized,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant: {
     auth_ref: [
      r247
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The difference between the maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) authorized for issuance under the plan (including the effects of amendments and adjustments)
 and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards
 net of cancellations and forfeitures
 if applicable.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Number Of Shares Available For Grant,
        terseLabel: Stock options
 available for grant
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r223
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of shares into which fully or partially vested stock options outstanding as of the balance sheet date can be currently converted under the option plan.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Options Exercisable Number,
        terseLabel: Exercisable at end of period
 shares
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfStockOptionsOutstandingAndChangesUnderPlansDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: [
      r223
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The weighted-average price as of the balance sheet date at which grantees can acquire the shares reserved for issuance on vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable under the stock option plan.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Options Exercisable Weighted Average Exercise Price,
        terseLabel: Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Exercisable
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfStockOptionsOutstandingAndChangesUnderPlansDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r235
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of accumulated difference between fair value of underlying shares on dates of exercise and exercise price on options exercised (or share units converted) into shares.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Options Exercises In Period Total Intrinsic Value,
        terseLabel: Total intrinsic value of options exercised
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExpirationsInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r227
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of options or other stock instruments for which the right to exercise has lapsed under the terms of the plan agreements.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Options Expirations In Period,
        negatedLabel: Shares
 Expired
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExpirationsInPeriod,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfStockOptionsOutstandingAndChangesUnderPlansDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r226
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of shares under options that were cancelled during the reporting period as a result of occurrence of a terminating event specified in contractual agreements pertaining to the stock option plan.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Options Forfeitures In Period,
        negatedLabel: Shares
 Forfeited
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfStockOptionsOutstandingAndChangesUnderPlansDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r224
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Net number of share options (or share units) granted during the period.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Options Grants In Period,
        verboseLabel: Stock options
 number of shares granted
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriod,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Gross number of share options (or share units) granted during the period.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Options Grants In Period Gross,
        terseLabel: Shares
 Granted,
        verboseLabel: Number of options
 granted
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfNonvestedServicePeriodStockOptionsDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfStockOptionsOutstandingAndChangesUnderPlansDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r234
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The weighted average grant-date fair value of options granted during the reporting period as calculated by applying the disclosed option pricing methodology.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Options Grants In Period Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value,
        terseLabel: Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Share
 Granted
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfNonvestedServicePeriodStockOptionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r247
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount by which the current fair value of the underlying stock exceeds the exercise price of options outstanding.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Options Outstanding Intrinsic Value,
        terseLabel: Aggregate Intrinsic Value
 Outstanding
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfStockOptionsOutstandingAndChangesUnderPlansDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r222,
      r247
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Options Outstanding Number,
        periodEndLabel: Shares
 Outstanding Ending Balance,
        periodStartLabel: Shares
 Outstanding Beginning Balance
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfStockOptionsOutstandingAndChangesUnderPlansDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: [
      r221
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average price at which grantees can acquire the shares reserved for issuance under the stock option plan.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Options Outstanding Weighted Average Exercise Price,
        periodEndLabel: Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Outstanding Ending Balance,
        periodStartLabel: Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Outstanding Beginning Balance
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfStockOptionsOutstandingAndChangesUnderPlansDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingAggregateIntrinsicValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r236
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount by which current fair value of underlying stock exceeds exercise price of fully vested and expected to vest options outstanding. Includes
 but is not limited to
 unvested options for which requisite service period has not been rendered but that are expected to vest based on achievement of performance condition
 if forfeitures are recognized when they occur.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Options Vested And Expected To Vest Outstanding Aggregate Intrinsic Value,
        terseLabel: Aggregate fair value
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingAggregateIntrinsicValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r237
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of fully vested and expected to vest options outstanding that can be converted into shares under option plan. Includes
 but is not limited to
 unvested options for which requisite service period has not been rendered but that are expected to vest based on achievement of performance condition
 if forfeitures are recognized when they occur.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Options Vested And Expected To Vest Outstanding Number,
        terseLabel: Unvested performance-based options outstanding
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingNumber,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardTypeAndPlanNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r213,
      r218
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Award under share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangements By Share Based Payment Award Award Type And Plan Name [Domain],
        terseLabel: Award Type
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardTypeAndPlanNameDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfNonvestedServicePeriodStockOptionsDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfStockOptionsOutstandingAndChangesUnderPlansDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityTables
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average price at which option holders acquired shares when converting their stock options into shares.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangements By Share Based Payment Award Options Exercises In Period Weighted Average Exercise Price,
        terseLabel: Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Exercised
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfStockOptionsOutstandingAndChangesUnderPlansDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExpirationsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average price at which grantees could have acquired the underlying shares with respect to stock options of the plan that expired.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangements By Share Based Payment Award Options Expirations In Period Weighted Average Exercise Price,
        terseLabel: Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Expired
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExpirationsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfStockOptionsOutstandingAndChangesUnderPlansDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average price at which grantees could have acquired the underlying shares with respect to stock options that were terminated.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangements By Share Based Payment Award Options Forfeitures In Period Weighted Average Exercise Price,
        terseLabel: Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Forfeited
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfStockOptionsOutstandingAndChangesUnderPlansDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average per share amount at which grantees can acquire shares of common stock by exercise of options.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangements By Share Based Payment Award Options Grants In Period Weighted Average Exercise Price,
        terseLabel: Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Granted,
        verboseLabel: Weighted average exercise price of options granted
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityExpectedDividendYieldValuationModelDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfStockOptionsOutstandingAndChangesUnderPlansDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationAwardTrancheOneMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: First portion of award under share-based payment arrangement differentiated by vesting feature
 including
 but not limited to
 performance measure or service period.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Award Tranche One [Member],
        terseLabel: Incurred in 2020
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationAwardTrancheOneMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationAwardTrancheThreeMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Third portion of award under share-based payment arrangement differentiated by vesting feature
 including
 but not limited to
 performance measure or service period.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Award Tranche Three [Member],
        terseLabel: Incurred in 2022
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationAwardTrancheThreeMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationAwardTrancheTwoMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Second portion of award under share-based payment arrangement differentiated by vesting feature
 including
 but not limited to
 performance measure or service period.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Award Tranche Two [Member],
        terseLabel: Incurred in 2021
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationAwardTrancheTwoMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r102,
      r215,
      r219
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for award under share-based payment arrangement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 methodology and assumption used in measuring cost.,
        label: Share Based Compensation Option And Incentive Plans Policy,
        terseLabel: Share-based Compensation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardCompensationCost1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r244
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cost expensed and capitalized for award under share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Sharebased Compensation Arrangement By Sharebased Payment Award Compensation Cost1,
        terseLabel: Compensation cost recognized during period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardCompensationCost1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardExpirationPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r217
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Period from grant date that an equity-based award expires
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.,
        label: Sharebased Compensation Arrangement By Sharebased Payment Award Expiration Period,
        terseLabel: Options granted maximum contractual terms
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardExpirationPeriod,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r239,
      r249
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Expected term of award under share-based payment arrangement
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.,
        label: Sharebased Compensation Arrangement By Sharebased Payment Award Fair Value Assumptions Expected Term1,
        terseLabel: Average expected terms in years
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityExpectedDividendYieldValuationModelDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r247
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of difference between fair value of the underlying shares reserved for issuance and exercise price of vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable.,
        label: Sharebased Compensation Arrangement By Sharebased Payment Award Options Exercisable Intrinsic Value1,
        terseLabel: Aggregate Intrinsic Value
 Exercisable
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfStockOptionsOutstandingAndChangesUnderPlansDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r247
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average remaining contractual term for vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable or convertible
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.,
        label: Sharebased Compensation Arrangement By Sharebased Payment Award Options Exercisable Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term1,
        terseLabel: Average Remaining Contractual Term
 Exercisable
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfStockOptionsOutstandingAndChangesUnderPlansDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedNumberOfShares: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of non-vested options outstanding.,
        label: Sharebased Compensation Arrangement By Sharebased Payment Award Options Nonvested Number Of Shares,
        periodEndLabel: Number of Options
 Nonvested Ending Balance,
        periodStartLabel: Number of Options
 Nonvested Beginning Balance
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedNumberOfShares,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfNonvestedServicePeriodStockOptionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedOptionsForfeitedNumberOfShares: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of non-vested options forfeited.,
        label: Sharebased Compensation Arrangement By Sharebased Payment Award Options Nonvested Options Forfeited Number Of Shares,
        negatedLabel: Number of Options
 Forfeited
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedOptionsForfeitedNumberOfShares,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfNonvestedServicePeriodStockOptionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedOptionsForfeitedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average grant-date fair value of non-vested options forfeited.,
        label: Sharebased Compensation Arrangement By Sharebased Payment Award Options Nonvested Options Forfeited Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value,
        terseLabel: Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Share
 Forfeited
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedOptionsForfeitedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfNonvestedServicePeriodStockOptionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average grant-date fair value of non-vested options outstanding.,
        label: Sharebased Compensation Arrangement By Sharebased Payment Award Options Nonvested Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value,
        periodEndLabel: Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Share
 Nonvested Ending Balance,
        periodStartLabel: Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Share
 Nonvested Beginning Balance
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfNonvestedServicePeriodStockOptionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2: {
     auth_ref: [
      r237
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.,
        label: Sharebased Compensation Arrangement By Sharebased Payment Award Options Outstanding Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term2,
        terseLabel: Average Remaining Contractual Term
 Outstanding
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfStockOptionsOutstandingAndChangesUnderPlansDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedNumberOfShares: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of options vested.,
        label: Sharebased Compensation Arrangement By Sharebased Payment Award Options Vested Number Of Shares,
        negatedLabel: Number of Options
 Vested
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedNumberOfShares,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfNonvestedServicePeriodStockOptionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average grant-date fair value of options vested.,
        label: Sharebased Compensation Arrangement By Sharebased Payment Award Options Vested Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value,
        terseLabel: Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Share
 Vested
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfNonvestedServicePeriodStockOptionsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares issued which are neither cancelled nor held in the treasury.,
        label: Shares Outstanding,
        periodEndLabel: Shares
 Outstanding,
        periodStartLabel: Shares
 Outstanding
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SharesOutstanding,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCHANGESINSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r201
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Packing and transport of product.,
        label: Shipping And Handling [Member],
        terseLabel: Shipping and Handling
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShippingAndHandlingMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShortTermBorrowings: {
     auth_ref: [
      r15,
      r346,
      r356
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Reflects the total carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of debt having initial terms less than one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Short Term Borrowings,
        terseLabel: Debt outstanding
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShortTermBorrowings,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureDebtAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r36
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of short-term debt arrangement.,
        label: Short Term Debt Type [Axis],
        terseLabel: Short-term Debt
 Type
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShortTermDebtTypeAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureDebtAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r34
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Type of short-term debt arrangement
 such as notes
 line of credit
 commercial paper
 asset-based financing
 project financing
 letter of credit financing.,
        label: Short Term Debt Type [Domain],
        terseLabel: Short-term Debt
 Type
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShortTermDebtTypeDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureDebtAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r44,
      r187
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by component of equity.,
        label: Statement Equity Components [Axis],
        terseLabel: Equity Components
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementEquityComponentsAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCHANGESINSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Statement [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Statement [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesTables,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityTables,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCHANGESINSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Statement Of Cash Flows [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Statement Of Financial Position [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Statement Of Stockholders Equity [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementTable: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule reflecting a Statement of Income
 Statement of Cash Flows
 Statement of Financial Position
 Statement of Shareholders' Equity and Other Comprehensive Income
 or other statement as needed.,
        label: Statement [Table],
        terseLabel: Statement [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesTables,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityTables,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCHANGESINSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r43,
      r187,
      r188,
      r192
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares issued during the period as a result of the conversion of convertible securities.,
        label: Stock Issued During Period Shares Conversion Of Convertible Securities,
        terseLabel: Conversion of warrants to common stock
 shares
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCHANGESINSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r187,
      r192
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total number of shares issued during the period
 including shares forfeited
 as a result of Restricted Stock Awards.,
        label: Stock Issued During Period Shares Restricted Stock Award Gross,
        terseLabel: Issuance of restricted stock units
 shares
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardGross,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCHANGESINSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised: {
     auth_ref: [
      r18,
      r19,
      r187,
      r192,
      r225
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of share options (or share units) exercised during the current period.,
        label: Stock Issued During Period Shares Stock Options Exercised,
        negatedLabel: Shares
 Exercised,
        terseLabel: Exercise of options to purchase common stock
 shares
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquitySummaryOfStockOptionsOutstandingAndChangesUnderPlansDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCHANGESINSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r44,
      r187,
      r192
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The gross value of stock issued during the period upon the conversion of convertible securities.,
        label: Stock Issued During Period Value Conversion Of Convertible Securities,
        terseLabel: Conversion of warrants to common stock
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureWarrantAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCHANGESINSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueRestrictedStockAwardGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r18,
      r19,
      r187,
      r192
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate value of stock related to Restricted Stock Awards issued during the period.,
        label: Stock Issued During Period Value Restricted Stock Award Gross,
        terseLabel: Issuance of restricted stock units
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueRestrictedStockAwardGross,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCHANGESINSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised: {
     auth_ref: [
      r44,
      r187,
      r192
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Value of stock issued as a result of the exercise of stock options.,
        label: Stock Issued During Period Value Stock Options Exercised,
        terseLabel: Exercise of options to purchase common stock
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCHANGESINSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r19,
      r23,
      r24,
      r157
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 10020.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.,
        label: Stockholders Equity,
        periodEndLabel: BALANCES,
        periodStartLabel: BALANCES,
        totalLabel: Total Stockholders' Equity
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockholdersEquity,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCHANGESINSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Stockholders Equity [Abstract],
        terseLabel: STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockholdersEquityAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Detail information of subsequent event by type. User is expected to use existing line items from elsewhere in the taxonomy as the primary line items for this disclosure
 which is further associated with dimension and member elements pertaining to a subsequent event.,
        label: Subsequent Event [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Subsequent Event [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SubsequentEventLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureSubsequentEventsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Identifies event that occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued or available to be issued.,
        label: Subsequent Event [Member],
        terseLabel: Subsequent Event
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SubsequentEventMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureSubsequentEventsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r342
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Discloses pertinent information about one or more significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued.,
        label: Subsequent Event [Table],
        terseLabel: Subsequent Event [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SubsequentEventTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureSubsequentEventsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r342
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by event that occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued or available to be issued.,
        label: Subsequent Event Type [Axis],
        terseLabel: Subsequent Event Type
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SubsequentEventTypeAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureSubsequentEventsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r342
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Event that occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued or available to be issued.,
        label: Subsequent Event Type [Domain],
        terseLabel: Subsequent Event Type
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SubsequentEventTypeDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureSubsequentEventsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Subsequent Events [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SubsequentEventsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r343
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.,
        label: Subsequent Events [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Subsequent Events
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SubsequentEventsTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureSubsequentEvents
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SummaryOfPositionsForWhichSignificantChangeInUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIsReasonablyPossibleTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r267
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of unrecognized tax benefits for which a material change is reasonably possible in the next twelve months
 typically including the nature of the uncertainty
 the event(s) that could cause a material change
 and an estimate of the range of the reasonably possible change or a statement that an estimate of the range cannot be made. An unrecognized tax benefit is the difference between a tax position taken in a tax return and the amounts recognized in the financial statements for which it is more likely than not
 based on the technical merits of the position
 that the tax position will not be sustained upon examination.,
        label: Summary Of Positions For Which Significant Change In Unrecognized Tax Benefits Is Reasonably Possible [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Significant Portions of the Deferred Tax Assets and Deferred Tax Liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SummaryOfPositionsForWhichSignificantChangeInUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIsReasonablyPossibleTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Supplemental Cash Flow Information [Abstract],
        terseLabel: SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SupplierConcentrationRiskMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r138
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Reflects the percentage that purchases in the period from one or more significant suppliers is to cost of goods or services
 as defined by the entity
 such as total cost of sales or services
 product line cost of sales or services
 segment cost of sales or services. Risk is the materially adverse effects of loss of a material supplier or a supplier of critically needed goods or services.,
        label: Supplier Concentration Risk [Member],
        terseLabel: Supplier Concentration Risk
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SupplierConcentrationRiskMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureConcentrationsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r277
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by specific tax credit related to an unused tax credit.,
        label: Tax Credit Carryforward [Axis],
        terseLabel: Tax Credit Carryforward
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TaxCreditCarryforwardAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r277
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The name of the tax credit carryforward.,
        label: Tax Credit Carryforward Name [Domain],
        terseLabel: Tax Credit Carryforward
 Name
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TaxCreditCarryforwardNameDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TaxPeriodAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information about the period subject to enacted tax laws.,
        label: Tax Period [Axis],
        terseLabel: Tax Period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TaxPeriodAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TaxPeriodDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Identified tax period.,
        label: Tax Period [Domain],
        terseLabel: Tax Period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TaxPeriodDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TransportationEquipmentMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Equipment used for the primary purpose of moving people and products from one place to another.,
        label: Transportation Equipment [Member],
        terseLabel: Automotive Equipment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TransportationEquipmentMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentSummaryOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TreasuryStockCommonShares: {
     auth_ref: [
      r45,
      r193
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of previously issued common shares repurchased by the issuing entity and held in treasury.,
        label: Treasury Stock Common Shares,
        terseLabel: Treasury stock
 at cost
 shares
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TreasuryStockCommonShares,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETSParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TreasuryStockCommonValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r45,
      r193,
      r194
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 10070.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount allocated to previously issued common shares repurchased by the issuing entity and held in treasury.,
        label: Treasury Stock Common Value,
        negatedLabel: Treasury stock
 at cost \u2014 14
169 shares on December 31
 2019 and on December 31
 2018
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TreasuryStockCommonValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TreasuryStockMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r42,
      r193
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Shares of an entity that have been repurchased by the entity. This stock has no voting rights and receives no dividends. Note that treasury stock may be recorded at its total cost or separately as par (or stated) value and additional paid in capital. Classified within stockholders' equity if nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. Classified within temporary equity if redemption is outside the control of the issuer.,
        label: Treasury Stock [Member],
        terseLabel: Treasury Stock
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TreasuryStockMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCHANGESINSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TypeOfAdoptionMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Adoption and early adoption of sources of change to generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) in the United States. The FASB released the FASB Accounting Standards Codification as the authoritative source of literature effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009. As part of the Codification process
 the FASB issues Accounting Standards Updates to amend the Codification but otherwise the Accounting Standards Updates are not authoritative in their own right. All previous accounting standards (such as FASB Statements of Financial Accounting Standards
 FASB Interpretations
 FASB Staff Positions
 Emerging Issues Task Force Consensuses
 other pronouncements of the FASB or other designated bodies
 or other forms of GAAP are considered accounting pronouncements) were superseded upon the adoption of the Codification. For an interim period
 references to the superseded standards are included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.,
        label: Type Of Adoption [Member],
        terseLabel: Type of Adoption
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TypeOfAdoptionMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_UnamortizedDebtIssuanceExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r33
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The remaining balance of debt issuance expenses that were capitalized and are being amortized against income over the lives of the respective bond issues. This does not include the amounts capitalized as part of the cost of the utility plant or asset.,
        label: Unamortized Debt Issuance Expense,
        terseLabel: Unamortized debt issuance cost
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UnamortizedDebtIssuanceExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureDebtAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits: {
     auth_ref: [
      r259,
      r269
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of unrecognized tax benefits.,
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits,
        terseLabel: Uncertain tax positions
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefits,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_UseOfEstimates: {
     auth_ref: [
      r133,
      r134,
      r135,
      r136,
      r142,
      r143,
      r144
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for the use of estimates in the preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.,
        label: Use Of Estimates,
        terseLabel: Estimates and Uncertainties
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UseOfEstimates,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_VariableRateAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of variable rate.,
        label: Variable Rate [Axis],
        terseLabel: Variable Rate
       }
      }
     },
     localname: VariableRateAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureDebtAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_VariableRateDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Interest rate that fluctuates over time as a result of an underlying benchmark interest rate or index.,
        label: Variable Rate [Domain],
        terseLabel: Variable Rate
       }
      }
     },
     localname: VariableRateDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureDebtAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_VestingAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r247
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by vesting schedule of award under share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Vesting [Axis],
        terseLabel: Vesting
       }
      }
     },
     localname: VestingAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_VestingDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r247
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Vesting schedule of award under share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Vesting [Domain],
        terseLabel: Vesting
       }
      }
     },
     localname: VestingDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureEquityIncentivePlansAndEquityAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_WarrantsAndRightsNoteDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Warrants And Rights Note Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: WarrantsAndRightsNoteDisclosureAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [
      r119,
      r123
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.,
        label: Weighted Average Number Of Diluted Shares Outstanding,
        terseLabel: -DILUTED
       }
      }
     },
     localname: WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONSANDCOMPREHENSIVELOSS
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Weighted Average Number Of Shares Outstanding [Abstract],
        terseLabel: WEIGHTED AVERAGE SHARES OF COMMON STOCK OUTSTANDING USED IN COMPUTING NET INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS
       }
      }
     },
     localname: WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONSANDCOMPREHENSIVELOSS
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic: {
     auth_ref: [
      r117,
      r123
     ],
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.,
        label: Weighted Average Number Of Shares Outstanding Basic,
        terseLabel: -BASIC
       }
      }
     },
     localname: WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.freshpet.com/20191231/taxonomy/role/StatementCONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONSANDCOMPREHENSIVELOSS
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
   },
   unitCount: 8
  }
 },
 std_ref: {
  r0: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6676-107765
  },
  r1: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6676-107765
  },
  r10: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e7018-107765
  },
  r100: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513485&loc=d3e4332-108586
  },
  r101: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513485&loc=SL98516268-108586
  },
  r102: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84158767&loc=d3e18780-107790
  },
  r103: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84158767&loc=d3e18823-107790
  },
  r104: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(h)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  },
  r105: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(k)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  },
  r106: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(e)
(f)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  },
  r107: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(f)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  },
  r108: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(h)(2)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  },
  r109: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(h)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  },
  r11: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361739&loc=d3e7789-107766
  },
  r110: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(i)(2)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  },
  r111: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(i)(4)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  },
  r112: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-09),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e24092-122690
  },
  r113: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2122369
  },
  r114: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22499-107794
  },
  r115: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 11,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22694-107794
  },
  r116: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2122394
  },
  r117: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 10,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=d3e1448-109256
  },
  r118: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 11,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=d3e1377-109256
  },
  r119: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 16,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=d3e1505-109256
  },
  r12: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(1)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r120: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=d3e1252-109256
  },
  r121: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 60B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=SL5780133-109256
  },
  r122: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 7,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=d3e1337-109256
  },
  r123: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257
  },
  r124: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257
  },
  r125: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257
  },
  r126: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257
  },
  r127: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 52,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117327953&loc=d3e4984-109258
  },
  r128: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144383
  },
  r129: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 270,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116846552&loc=d3e543-108305
  },
  r13: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(13)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r130: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 270,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118952077&loc=d3e1280-108306
  },
  r131: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 270,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2126967
  },
  r132: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e5967-108592
  },
  r133: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e5967-108592
  },
  r134: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e5967-108592
  },
  r135: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 11,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6161-108592
  },
  r136: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 12,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6191-108592
  },
  r137: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 16,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6327-108592
  },
  r138: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 18,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6351-108592
  },
  r139: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 18,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6351-108592
  },
  r14: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(14)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r140: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6404-108592
  },
  r141: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 21,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6442-108592
  },
  r142: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6061-108592
  },
  r143: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6132-108592
  },
  r144: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6143-108592
  },
  r145: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2134479
  },
  r146: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 22,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8736-108599
  },
  r147: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 22,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (h),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8736-108599
  },
  r148: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 22,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8736-108599
  },
  r149: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 32,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8933-108599
  },
  r15: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(19)(a)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r150: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 40,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e9031-108599
  },
  r151: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 41,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e9038-108599
  },
  r152: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 42,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e9054-108599
  },
  r153: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 13,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118952595&loc=d3e4647-111522
  },
  r154: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118952595&loc=d3e4428-111522
  },
  r155: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118952595&loc=d3e4531-111522
  },
  r156: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118936363&loc=d3e5033-111524
  },
  r157: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 4.E),
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27010918&loc=d3e74512-122707
  },
  r158: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84159169&loc=d3e10133-111534
  },
  r159: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84159169&loc=d3e10149-111534
  },
  r16: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(26)(a)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r160: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84159169&loc=d3e10178-111534
  },
  r161: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 30,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 330,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68048583&loc=d3e3636-108311
  },
  r162: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 35,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 330,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116846819&loc=d3e3927-108312
  },
  r163: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 330,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116847112&loc=d3e4492-108314
  },
  r164: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 330,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116847112&loc=d3e4542-108314
  },
  r165: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 330,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116847112&loc=d3e4556-108314
  },
  r166: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB TOPIC 5.BB),
   Topic: 330,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27011343&loc=d3e100047-122729
  },
  r167: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 330,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2126998
  },
  r168: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 05,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 340,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68074540&loc=d3e5879-108316
  },
  r169: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 05,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226317&loc=d3e202-110218
  },
  r17: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(26)(b)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r170: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226348&loc=d3e2443-110228
  },
  r171: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  },
  r172: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  },
  r173: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  },
  r174: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  },
  r175: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  },
  r176: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=d3e2941-110230
  },
  r177: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=d3e2941-110230
  },
  r178: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.CC),
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27011434&loc=d3e125687-122742
  },
  r179: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2155823
  },
  r18: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(28)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r180: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 440,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144648
  },
  r181: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 450,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2127136
  },
  r182: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 460,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118943654&loc=d3e12053-110248
  },
  r183: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 460,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118943654&loc=d3e12069-110248
  },
  r184: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109500613&loc=SL6036836-161870
  },
  r185: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2208564
  },
  r186: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 13,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 25,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 480,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109262497&loc=d3e20148-110875
  },
  r187: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21463-112644
  },
  r188: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21475-112644
  },
  r189: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21506-112644
  },
  r19: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(29)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r190: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 7,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21521-112644
  },
  r191: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21538-112644
  },
  r192: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.3-04),
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770
  },
  r193: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405813&loc=d3e23239-112655
  },
  r194: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405834&loc=d3e23315-112656
  },
  r195: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118944033&loc=SL49130531-203044
  },
  r196: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118944033&loc=SL49130532-203044
  },
  r197: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118944033&loc=SL49130533-203044
  },
  r198: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118956577&loc=SL49130543-203045
  },
  r199: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118956577&loc=SL49130545-203045
  },
  r2: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6676-107765
  },
  r20: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(3)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r200: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118956577&loc=SL49130549-203045
  },
  r201: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 91,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118944142&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046
  },
  r202: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 91,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118944142&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046
  },
  r203: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 91,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118944142&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046
  },
  r204: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=113356391&loc=SL49131195-203048
  },
  r205: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=49130388
  },
  r206: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (n),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r207: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r208: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e2410-114920
  },
  r209: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e2417-114920
  },
  r21: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30)(a)(1)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r210: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e2439-114920
  },
  r211: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 17,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118257860&loc=d3e4179-114921
  },
  r212: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 35,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116855982&loc=d3e4534-113899
  },
  r213: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5047-113901
  },
  r214: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5047-113901
  },
  r215: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5047-113901
  },
  r216: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)(1),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r217: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)(2),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r218: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)
(g),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r219: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b)
(f),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r22: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30)(a)(3)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r220: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(1),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r221: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(i),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r222: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(i)-(ii),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r223: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(iii),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r224: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(iv)(1),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r225: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(iv)(2),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r226: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(iv)(3),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r227: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(iv)(4),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r228: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(2),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r229: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(i)-(ii),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r23: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r230: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(iii)(1),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r231: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(iii)(2),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r232: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(iii)(3),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r233: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r234: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d)(1),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r235: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d)(2),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r236: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r237: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (e)(1),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r238: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (f)(2),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r239: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)(i),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r24: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(31)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r240: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)(ii),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r241: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)(iii),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r242: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)(iv),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r243: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (g),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r244: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (h)(1),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r245: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (h)(1)(i),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r246: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (i),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r247: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r248: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=SL79508275-113901
  },
  r249: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 14.D.2),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115993241&loc=d3e301413-122809
  },
  r25: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(32)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r250: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 14.F),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115993241&loc=d3e301413-122809
  },
  r251: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 12,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118258462&loc=d3e11149-113907
  },
  r252: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 13,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118258462&loc=d3e11178-113907
  },
  r253: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2228938
  },
  r254: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 35,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 720,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420018&loc=d3e36677-107848
  },
  r255: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 35,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 720,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420018&loc=d3e36677-107848
  },
  r256: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 730,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420194&loc=d3e21568-108373
  },
  r257: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 25,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117330534&loc=d3e28680-109314
  },
  r258: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 25,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117330534&loc=d3e28680-109314
  },
  r259: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 10B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116821951&loc=SL37586934-109318
  },
  r26: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(a)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r260: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 25,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116821951&loc=d3e32247-109318
  },
  r261: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 28,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116821951&loc=d3e32280-109318
  },
  r262: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116821951&loc=d3e31917-109318
  },
  r263: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116821951&loc=d3e31931-109318
  },
  r264: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 12,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32687-109319
  },
  r265: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 13,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32698-109319
  },
  r266: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32718-109319
  },
  r267: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32718-109319
  },
  r268: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32718-109319
  },
  r269: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=SL6600010-109319
  },
  r27: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(b)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r270: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 17,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32809-109319
  },
  r271: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 19,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32840-109319
  },
  r272: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32537-109319
  },
  r273: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32537-109319
  },
  r274: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32537-109319
  },
  r275: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32537-109319
  },
  r276: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32847-109319
  },
  r277: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32559-109319
  },
  r278: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32621-109319
  },
  r279: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32632-109319
  },
  r28: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(c)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r280: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32639-109319
  },
  r281: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32639-109319
  },
  r282: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB TOPIC 6.I),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116825942&loc=d3e330036-122817
  },
  r283: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 6.I.7),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116825942&loc=d3e330036-122817
  },
  r284: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109238882&loc=d3e38679-109324
  },
  r285: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 05,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65884525&loc=d3e40913-109327
  },
  r286: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144680
  },
  r287: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 19,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108774443&loc=SL4569616-111683
  },
  r288: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108774443&loc=SL4569643-111683
  },
  r289: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=d3e5614-111684
  },
  r29: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.1),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r290: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)(1),
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=SL4573702-111684
  },
  r291: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(1),
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=SL4573702-111684
  },
  r292: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(3),
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=SL4573702-111684
  },
  r293: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)
(3),
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=SL4573702-111684
  },
  r294: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4J,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116874947&loc=SL4591551-111686
  },
  r295: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4K,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116874947&loc=SL4591552-111686
  },
  r296: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.3A-02),
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116822174&loc=d3e355033-122828
  },
  r297: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.3A-03),
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116822174&loc=d3e355100-122828
  },
  r298: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5618551-113959
  },
  r299: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5624163-113959
  },
  r3: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (g),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6676-107765
  },
  r30: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.13(a)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r300: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 182,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116861445&loc=SL5629052-113961
  },
  r301: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 820,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=d3e19207-110258
  },
  r302: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 820,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=d3e19207-110258
  },
  r303: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 820,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=d3e19279-110258
  },
  r304: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 60,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 820,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7493716&loc=d3e21868-110260
  },
  r305: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 825,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118260190&loc=d3e13279-108611
  },
  r306: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 825,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118260190&loc=d3e13531-108611
  },
  r307: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 21,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 825,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118260190&loc=d3e13537-108611
  },
  r308: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 21,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 825,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118260190&loc=d3e13537-108611
  },
  r309: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 230,
   Topic: 830,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513438&loc=d3e33268-110906
  },
  r31: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.13),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r310: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (b
c),
   Topic: 830,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118261656&loc=d3e32211-110900
  },
  r311: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 835,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450988&loc=d3e26243-108391
  },
  r312: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 835,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114775744&loc=d3e28541-108399
  },
  r313: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 835,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114775744&loc=d3e28551-108399
  },
  r314: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 835,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114775744&loc=d3e28555-108399
  },
  r315: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 835,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114775985&loc=d3e28878-108400
  },
  r316: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 840,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84164451&loc=d3e36991-112694
  },
  r317: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 40,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (Note 1
3),
   Topic: 840,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=82846649&loc=d3e38371-112697
  },
  r318: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 40,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (Note 3),
   Topic: 840,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=82846649&loc=d3e38371-112697
  },
  r319: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 840,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77902758&loc=d3e41499-112717
  },
  r32: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.14),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r320: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 840,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77902758&loc=d3e41502-112717
  },
  r321: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 840,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77902758&loc=d3e41502-112717
  },
  r322: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888419&loc=SL77918627-209977
  },
  r323: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888419&loc=SL77918627-209977
  },
  r324: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888419&loc=SL77918643-209977
  },
  r325: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(3),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918673-209980
  },
  r326: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918686-209980
  },
  r327: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (g)(1),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918686-209980
  },
  r328: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (g)(2),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918686-209980
  },
  r329: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (g)(3),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918686-209980
  },
  r33: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.17),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r330: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (g)(4),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918686-209980
  },
  r331: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918686-209980
  },
  r332: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918701-209980
  },
  r333: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 53,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888399&loc=SL77918982-209971
  },
  r334: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 850,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864
  },
  r335: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 850,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864
  },
  r336: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 850,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39599-107864
  },
  r337: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 850,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39603-107864
  },
  r338: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 850,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39622-107864
  },
  r339: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 850,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39678-107864
  },
  r34: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19(a)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r340: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 850,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39691-107864
  },
  r341: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 850,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2122745
  },
  r342: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 855,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6842918&loc=SL6314017-165662
  },
  r343: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 855,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2122774
  },
  r344: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 25,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 940,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68072869&loc=d3e41242-110953
  },
  r345: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(11)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r346: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(13)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r347: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(15)(2)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r348: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(23)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r349: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(15)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637391&loc=SL114874048-224260
  },
  r35: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r350: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(22)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637391&loc=SL114874048-224260
  },
  r351: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(23)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637391&loc=SL114874048-224260
  },
  r352: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04.9),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637391&loc=SL114874048-224260
  },
  r353: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 470,
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=75038535&loc=d3e64711-112823
  },
  r354: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(15)(b)(2)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r355: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(12)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r356: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(16)(a)(1)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r357: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(23)(a)(4)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r358: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(25)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r359: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(8)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r36: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r360: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(18)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637232&loc=SL114874131-224263
  },
  r361: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(19)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637232&loc=SL114874131-224263
  },
  r362: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(8)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637232&loc=SL114874131-224263
  },
  r363: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4H,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116884468&loc=SL65671331-158438
  },
  r364: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 13H,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117419784&loc=SL117783719-158441
  },
  r365: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 13H,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117419784&loc=SL117783719-158441
  },
  r366: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 13H,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117419784&loc=SL117783719-158441
  },
  r367: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 825,
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99380617&loc=SL75241803-196195
  },
  r368: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 310,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-29(Footnote 4)),
   Topic: 948,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6589523&loc=d3e617274-123014
  },
  r369: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 740,
   Topic: 954,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6491622&loc=d3e9504-115650
  },
  r37: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19-26),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r370: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 360,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-28(Footnote 2)),
   Topic: 970,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6590653&loc=d3e638233-123024
  },
  r371: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 985,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6501960&loc=d3e128462-111756
  },
  r372: {
   Name: Exchange Act,
   Number: 240,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 12,
   Subsection: b
  },
  r373: {
   Name: Exchange Act,
   Number: 240,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 12,
   Subsection: b-23
  },
  r374: {
   Name: Exchange Act,
   Number: 240,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 12,
   Subsection: d1-1
  },
  r375: {
   Name: Forms 10-K
 10-Q
 20-F,
   Number: 240,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 13,
   Subsection: a-1-
  },
  r376: {
   Name: Forms 10-K
 20-F
 40-F,
   Number: 240,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 15,
   Subsection: d-1
  },
  r377: {
   Name: Regulation 12B,
   Number: 240,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 12,
   Subsection: b-2
  },
  r378: {
   Name: Regulation S-K (SK),
   Number: 229,
   Paragraph: (a),
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 303,
   Subparagraph: (5)
  },
  r379: {
   Name: Regulation S-T,
   Number: 232,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 405
  },
  r38: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.20),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r380: {
   Footnote: 2,
   Name: Regulation S-X (SX),
   Number: 210,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 12,
   Subsection: 28
  },
  r381: {
   Footnote: 4,
   Name: Regulation S-X (SX),
   Number: 210,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 12,
   Subsection: 29
  },
  r39: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.21),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r4: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (g)(6),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6676-107765
  },
  r40: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.22),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r41: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.24),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r42: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.29
30),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r43: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.29-30),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r44: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.29-31),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r45: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.30),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r46: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(1)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r47: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(3)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r48: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(3)
(4)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r49: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.6(a)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r5: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6676-107765
  },
  r50: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.6(b)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r51: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.8),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r52: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.9),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r53: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 10A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669646-108580
  },
  r54: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 10A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669646-108580
  },
  r55: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 11,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=d3e637-108580
  },
  r56: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 14,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=d3e681-108580
  },
  r57: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 14A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669686-108580
  },
  r58: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 17B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL34724394-108580
  },
  r59: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669619-108580
  },
  r6: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6787-107765
  },
  r60: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669619-108580
  },
  r61: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669619-108580
  },
  r62: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669625-108580
  },
  r63: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669625-108580
  },
  r64: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=d3e557-108580
  },
  r65: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116657188&loc=SL116659661-227067
  },
  r66: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (210.5-03(11)),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r67: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(10)),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r68: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(20)),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r69: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(21)),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r7: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6801-107765
  },
  r70: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(8)),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r71: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(b)(2)),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r72: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.1
2),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r73: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.2(a)

 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SummaryOfPositionsForWhichSignificantChangeInUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIsReasonablyPossibleTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_NumberOfMajorCustomer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_NumberOfMajorCustomer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_NumberOfDistributors'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_SupplierConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_NumberOfVendors'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_SupplierConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_NumberOfVendors'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MajorCustomersAxis=frpt_CustomerOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_NumberOfMajorCustomer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MajorCustomersAxis=frpt_CustomerOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MajorCustomersAxis=frpt_DistributorOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MajorCustomersAxis=frpt_CustomersTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFDICInsuredAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'

