

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-19-005508
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20181231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20190228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20190228
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Freshpet
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001611647
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GRAIN MILL PRODUCTS [2040]
		IRS NUMBER:				201884894
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36729
		FILM NUMBER:		19644150
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 PLAZA DRIVE
 1ST FLOOR
		CITY:			SECAUCUS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07094
		BUSINESS PHONE:		201-520-4000
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 PLAZA DRIVE
 1ST FLOOR
		CITY:			SECAUCUS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07094











frpt-10k_20181231.htm









 D.C. 20549 





 2018 




 Inc. 






























 1st Floor

 New Jersey
















 including area code) 
















 $0.001 par value per share









 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Yes&#160;&#160;


 and (2)&#160;has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Yes&#160;&#160;


 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#8217;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;10-K.&#160;&#160;

 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company.&#160;See the definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer&#8221; and &#8220;smaller reporting company&#8221; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 































































 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.&nbsp;&nbsp;

As of June&#160;30
 2018
 the last business day of the registrant&#8217;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter
 the aggregate market value of the registrant&#8217;s common stock held by non-affiliates was approximately $721 million.

 2019
 35
643
964 shares of common stock of the registrant were outstanding. 



 11
 12
 13
 and 14 will be furnished (and are hereby incorporated) by an amendment hereto or pursuant to a definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A that will contain such information.








 Inc. 













































































































Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

















































































































Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance



































Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence



































































 results of operations
 plans
 objectives
 future performance and business. You can identify forward-looking statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. These statements may include words such as &#8220;aim
&#8221; &#8220;anticipate
&#8221; &#8220;believe
&#8221; &#8220;estimate
&#8221; &#8220;expect
&#8221; &#8220;forecast
&#8221; &#8220;outlook
&#8221; &#8220;potential
&#8221; &#8220;project
&#8221; &#8220;projection
&#8221; &#8220;plan
&#8221; &#8220;intend
&#8221; &#8220;seek
&#8221; &#8220;may
&#8221; &#8220;could
&#8221; &#8220;would
&#8221; &#8220;will
&#8221; &#8220;should
&#8221; &#8220;can
&#8221; &#8220;can have
&#8221; &#8220;likely
&#8221; the negatives thereof and other words and terms of similar meaning in connection with any discussion of the timing or nature of future operating or financial performance or other events. They appear in a number of places throughout this report and include statements regarding our intentions
 beliefs or current expectations concerning
 among other things
 our results of operations
 financial condition
 liquidity
 prospects
 growth
 strategies and the industry in which we operate. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those that we expected
 including: 

























































































the impact of government regulation
 scrutiny
 warning and public perception; 

















adverse weather conditions
 natural disasters
 pestilences and other natural conditions affecting our operations; 

















the effect of potential price increases and shortages on the inputs
 commodities and ingredients that we require; 


























other factors discussed under the headings &#8220;Risk Factors
&#8221; &#8220;Business
&#8221; and &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#8221; in this report.

 we caution that it is very difficult to predict the impact of known factors
 and it is impossible for us to anticipate all factors that could affect our actual results. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations
 or cautionary statements
 are disclosed under &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; and &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#8221; in this report. All forward-looking statements are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. You should evaluate all forward-looking statements made in this report in the context of these risks and uncertainties.












 Inc. (&#8220;Freshpet&#8221; or the &#8220;Company&#8221;) is disrupting the $30.0 billion North American pet food industry by driving consumers to reassess conventional dog and cat food offerings that have remained essentially unchanged for decades. We position our brand to benefit from mainstream trends of growing pet humanization and consumer focus on health and wellness. We price our products to be accessible to the average consumer
 providing us with broad demographic appeal and allowing us to penetrate multiple classes of retail
 including grocery (including online)
 mass
 club
 pet specialty and natural. We have successfully expanded our network of Freshpet Fridges within leading blue-chip retail chains. The strength of our business model extends to our customers
 who we believe find that Freshpet grows their pet category sales
 drives higher traffic
 increases shopper frequency and delivers category leading margins. As of December&#160;31
 2018
 Freshpet Fridges were located in approximately 19
500 stores
 and we believe there is an opportunity to install a Freshpet Fridge in at least 30
000 stores across North America. Additionally
 we believe that there are opportunities to expand our network into international markets as demonstrated with our recent initiatives in the U.K. market.



 we estimate that dog food
 cat food and treats &amp; mixers accounted for retail sales of $30.0 billion. The pet food market has historically been resilient as consumers continue to spend on their pets even during economic downturns. 



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;There are currently 84.6 million pet-owning households
 or 68% of total households
 and over 300 million pets in the United States
 according to the American Pet Products Association.
.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;According to Packaged Facts
 95% of U.S. pet owners view their pets as members of the family. As pets are increasingly viewed as companions
 friends and family members
 pet owners are being transformed into &#8220;pet parents&#8221; who spare no expense for their loved ones
 driving premiumization across pet categories. This trend is reflected in food purchasing decisions. Nearly 80% of U.S. pet owners are as concerned about the quality of their pet&#8217;s food as they are about their own
 according to market researcher Mintel.
&nbsp;&nbsp; Consumers are increasingly purchasing fresh
 natural and organic food products. We believe consumers are seeking simple
 fresh and easy to understand food products from brands they trust and made with ingredients that are transparently sourced. 


 resulting in high repeat purchasing behavior. As a result
 we believe that as consumers try fresh
 refrigerated pet food
 they are likely to become repeat users of the product.



 conventional pet food sold as dry kibble or wet food in cans has not changed substantially for decades. We believe that the pet food industry has not kept pace with how consumers think about food for their families
 including their pets. As a result
 consumers are searching for higher quality
 less processed food for their dogs and cats&#8212;meals that measure up to today&#8217;s sensibilities of what actually constitutes &#8220;good food.&#8221; Freshpet was specifically designed to address this growing need with affordable offerings accessible to the average consumer. 




 fresh food to our dogs and cats. And
 we are committed to doing so in ways that are good for Pets
 People and Planet.


 healthy food that we do. We cook our fresh
 nutritious pet food with the same care that we would take in preparing human food. Through the Freshpet Foundation
 we support nutritional research in areas of prevention
 care and treatment of diseases in dogs. Since founding Freshpet
 we have donated over four million fresh meals to pets via shelters
 charitable organizations and humane societies. Our team members get paid time off to pursue activities that help pets in their community. We also participate in Random Acts of Kindness to do our part to improve the lives of pets and pet parents.


 our partners and pet parents. We treat our team members with respect and are committed to helping them develop professionally and personally. As a demonstration of our commitment
 beginning in 2019
 all full-time hourly team members
 with at least one year of service
 will be eligible for equity grants. These equity grants are in addition to their existing wages
 benefits and performance incentives. We try to be good partners with customers
 distributors and suppliers by conducting business with honesty and transparency. Additionally
 we strive to help pet owners by providing pet parenting resources.



 motivate our team members and attract strong partners
 which allows us to fulfill our mission of delivering the best nutritional product choices to improve the well-being of our pets
 enrich pet parents&#8217; lives and contribute to communities. Freshpet&#8212;Pets
 People
 Planet.


 cat food and dog treats. All Freshpet products are made according to our nutritional philosophy of fresh
 meat-based nutrition and minimal processing. Our proprietary recipes include real
 fresh meat and varying combinations of vitamin-rich vegetables
 leafy greens and anti-oxidant rich fruits
 without the use of preservatives
 additives or artificial ingredients. Our unique product attributes appeal to diverse consumer needs across multiple classes of retail where Freshpet is sold. Consequently
 our brand resonates across a broad cross-section of pet parent demographics. 

 with ingredients
 packaging and labeling customized by different classes of trade and are available in multiple forms
 including slice and serve rolls
 bagged meals and tubs. 












 refrigerated pet food distributed across North America
 product innovation is core to our strategy. We take a fresh approach to pet food and are not constrained by conventional pet food products
 attributes and production capabilities. We employ a tightly-knit
 creative team of marketing and research and development professionals
 and we consult with outside experts through our Nutrition Council
 which consist of PhD&#8217;s in nutrition and veterinary nutritionists. Our team often identifies pet parents&#8217; needs by evaluating emerging demand trends in both pet food and human food. Our research and development facility located near the Freshpet Kitchens tests small batches of new recipes and tries out new cooking techniques. New products are refined iteratively with the help of consumer panel data to arrive at products that we believe can be commercially successful. 

 refrigerated slice and serve rolls
 and over time have steadily expanded into successful new product forms including bags
 tubs and treats. We also introduced new fresh recipes and ingredients
 such as proteins and grain-free options never before seen in pet food that cater to the specific dietary requirements of pets.

 helps us ensure that we remain capable of strong innovation including creating new product platforms to expand the breadth of our fresh offerings. We expect that new product introductions will continue to meaningfully drive growth going forward.

 All of our products are manufactured in the United States. We own and operate what we believe to be the first fresh
 refrigerated pet food manufacturing facility in North America
 the Freshpet Kitchens in Pennsylvania. This 100
000 square foot facility was built to United States Department of Agriculture standards and houses four production lines customized to produce fresh
 refrigerated food. In 2018
 approximately 97% of our product volume was manufactured by us.
 Due to the continued growth of the Company&#8217;s fresh pet food sales
 the Company has plans to expand its manufacturing capacity. The expansion includes the renovation of an existing 50
000 square foot building and a 90
000 square-foot addition. The $100 million strategic capital investment is expected to support Freshpet&#8217;s growth in the United States
 Canada and Europe by creating total capacity for approximately $540 million in net sales from the facility. The facility &#8220;Freshpet Kitchens 2.0&#8221; will make greater use of automation to improve quality
 safety and reduce costs. Production start-up is slated for the second half of 2020.
 Our products are made with natural and fresh ingredients including meat
 vegetables
 fruits
 whole grains
 vitamins and minerals. We use high quality food grade plastic packaging materials. Over 60% of our ingredients are sourced locally from within a 200 mile radius of the Freshpet Kitchens
 and 96% are from North America. We maintain rigorous standards for ingredient quality and safety. By volume
 our largest input
 fresh chicken
 represents approximately 50% of total ingredients. In order to retain operating flexibility and negotiating leverage
 we do not enter into exclusivity agreements or long-term commitments with any of our suppliers. All of our suppliers are well-established companies that have the scale to support our growth. For every ingredient
 we either use multiple suppliers or have identified alternative sources of supply that meet our quality and safety standards. 
 Beginning in 2016
 outbound transportation from our facility is handled through a third-party refrigerated freight broker. We expect to be able to leverage certain distribution costs as volumes grow. We use national and regional distributors to cover the grocery (including online)
 mass
 pet specialty and natural retail classes.


 consistency and safety from ingredient sourcing to finished product. Our company-owned manufacturing facility allows us to exercise significant control over production. Our quality assurance team includes 23 professionals with significant experience in pet and human food production. 


 to meet science-based quality standards with documented plans for Hazard Analysis Critical Control Points and Hazard Analysis Risk Based Preventive Control to monitor established production controls
 calibrate instruments
ve actions. Our on-site laboratory has microbial and composition testing capabilities. Quality control approvals are based on a positive release strategy
 wherein a batch can only be shipped when it passes control point record reviews and laboratory testin


 which is the highest standard determined under the Global Food Safety Initiative Benchmarks. We believe our systems and standards for product quality and safety can support our growth and ensure continued success in the market. 


 Canada
 and the United Kingdom
 generating the vast majority of our sales in the United States. The strength of our business model makes us an attractive partner for leading blue-chip retailers
 who we believe find that Freshpet grows the sales of their pet category
 drives higher traffic
 increases shopper frequency and delivers category-leading margins. Our Freshpet Fridge locations have been consistently increasing as we add new retail accounts and add stores in existing accounts. We are in approximately 19
500 stores and believe there is opportunity for us to install a Freshpet Fridge in at least 30
000 stores in North America. We sell our products through the following classes of retail: grocery (including online)
 mass
 club
 pet specialty and natural. 

 our largest distributor by net sales
 McLane Company
 Inc.
 accounted for 16% of our net sales.


 the Freshpet Fridges. Our Freshpet Fridges are typically four feet wide by seven feet high and replace standard shelving in the pet aisle or an end-cap of a retail store. Our Freshpet Fridge designs are constantly evolving with all new models featuring prominent edge-lit LED headers
 LED interior lighting
 crisp black interiors and frameless glass swing doors for aesthetics and easy access. We use state-of-the-art refrigeration technology and environmentally friendly refrigerants to minimize energy consumption and environmental impact. 

 produce
 install and maintain the Freshpet Fridge through a combination of in-house resources and world-class partners. We source our Freshpet Fridges from five leading global commercial refrigerator manufacturers with whom we have a collaborative approach to refrigerator design and innovation. Once ordered by us
 Freshpet Fridges are shipped to distribution centers for delivery and installation in retail stores. 
of our Freshpet Fridges are protected by a manufacturer warranty of three years. Our refrigerators are designed to be highly reliable
 and at any given time less than 1% of the network is out of service for maintenance. Moreover
 to ensure quality
 cleanliness and appropriate in-stock levels
 we employ brokerage partners to conduct a physical audit of the Freshpet Fridge network on an ongoing basis
 with photographic results of our Freshpet Fridges transmitted back to Freshpet for review by members of our sales team. 

 calculated by comparing our total current costs for a refrigerator (including installation and maintenance) to our current margin on net revenues. We believe our attractive value proposition to retailers and pet parents will allow us to continue penetrating store locations of existing and new customers. The Freshpet Fridge provides a highly-visible merchandising platform
 allows us to control how our brand is presented to consumers at point-of-sale and represents a significant point of differentiation from other pet food competitors. 


 digital and public relations to reach consumers through multiple touch points and increase product trials. 
Our network of approximately 19
500 branded Freshpet Fridges in prominent locations within blue-chip retailers helps to introduce consumers to our brand and instantly distinguish Freshpet from traditionally merchandised pet food. We have 


We reach consumers across multiple digital and social media platforms including websites
 blogs and online reviews
 as well as with tailored messaging on popular digital hubs including Instagram
 Facebook
 Twitter and YouTube.&nbsp;&nbsp;



 Nestl&#233; and Big Heart Pet Brands (part of The J.M. Smucker Company). We also compete with specialty and natural pet food manufacturers such as Colgate-Palmolive and General Mills. In addition
 we compete with many regional niche brands in individual geographic markets. 

 with limited shelf space and a significant number of competing products
 competitors actively support their brands through marketing
 advertising
 promotional spending and discounting. 

 ingredients
 brand awareness and loyalty
 product variety
 product packaging and design
 reputation
 price
 advertising
 promotion and nutritional claims. We believe that we compete effectively with respect to each of these factors.


 2018
 we had 382 employees
 of which all but six are located in the United States. None of our employees are represented by a labor union or by any collective bargaining arrangements with respect to his or her employment with us. We believe that our employee relations are good.


 1st Floor
 Secaucus
 New Jersey 07094.


 annual proxy statements and related proxy cards are made available on our website at the same time they are mailed to stockholders. Our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 periodic reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports that we file or furnish pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;)
 are available through our website
 free of charge
 as soon as reasonably practicable after they have been electronically filed or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#8220;SEC&#8221;). Our website also provides access to reports filed by our directors
 executive officers and certain significant shareholders pursuant to Section 16 of the Exchange Act. In addition
 our Corporate Governance Guidelines
 General Code of Ethics
 Code of Ethics for Executive Officers and Principal Accounting Personnel and charters for the committees of our board of directors are available on our website as well as other shareholder communications. The information contained in or that can be accessed through our website does not constitute a part of
 and is not incorporated by reference into
 this report. You may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also maintains a website
 www.sec.gov
 which contains reports
 proxy and information statements and other information that we file electronically with the SEC.

 and service marks are important to our marketing efforts to develop brand recognition and differentiate our brand from our competitors and are a valuable part of our business. We own a number of trademarks and service marks that have been registered
 or for which applications are pending
 with the United States Patent and Trademark Office including
 among others
 Freshpet
 Vital
 Nature&#8217;s Fresh
 Roasted Meals
 Fresh From The Kitchen
 Freshpet Dog Joy
 Dognation
 Homestyle Creations and Pets People Planet. 


We believe that our intellectual property has substantial value and has significantly contributed to our success to-date. We are continually developing new technology and enhancing proprietary technology related to our pet food
 Freshpet Fridges and manuf

 recipes and formulations
 continuing innovation and other trade secrets to develop and maintain our competitive position. 


 distributors
 and ingredients and packaging suppliers
 we are subject to extensive laws and regulations in the United States by federal
 state and local government authorities. In the United States
 the federal agencies governing the manufacture
 distribution and advertising of our products include
 among others
 the Federal Trade Commission
 the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (&#8220;FDA&#8221;)
 the U.S. Department of Agriculture
 the United States Environmental Protection Agency and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration. Under various statutes
 these agencies
 among other things
 prescribe the requirements and establish the standards for quality and safety and regulate our marketing and advertising to consumers. Certain of these agencies
 in certain circumstances
 must not only approve our products
 but also review the manufacturing processes and facilities used to produce these products before they can be marketed in the United States. In addition to agency regulation
 we are required to comply with state feed control requirements in the United States. We are also subject to the laws of Canada
 including the Canadian Food Inspection Agency
 and the United Kingdom
 including the Food Standards Agency
 as well as provincial and local regulations. 

 laws governing advertising
 privacy laws
 safety regulations and other laws
 including consumer protection regulations that regulate retailers or govern the promotion and sale of merchandise. Our operations
 and those of our distributors and suppliers
 are subject to various laws and regulations relating to environmental protection and worker health and safety matters. We monitor changes in these laws and believe that we are in material compliance with applicable laws. 


 customer service
 accounts payable
 accounts receivable
 purchasing
 asset management and manufacturing. Our order management process is automated via Electronic Data Interchange with virtually all our customers
 which feeds orders directly to our ERP platform. We complement the ERP system with a Warehouse Management System
 which allows us to improve tracking and management of ingredients and streamline manufacturing.





 you should carefully consider the risks described below and the other information contained in this report
 including our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. If any of the following risks actually occurs
 our business
 financial condition
 results of operations or cash flows could be materially adversely affected. In any such case
 the trading price of our common stock could decline
 and you could lose all or part of your investment. 



 in large part
 on our ability to implement our growth strategy of expanding distribution by installing new Freshpet Fridges
 attracting new consumers to our brand and launching new products. Our ability to increase awareness
 consumer trial and adoption of our products
 and to implement this growth strategy depends
 among other things
 on our ability to: 












































continue to compete effectively in multiple classes of retail
 including grocery (including online)
 mass
 club
 pet specialty and natural; and 










 financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected if we fail to implement our growth strategy or if we invest resources in a growth strategy that ultimately proves unsuccessful. 

 and we may not be able to generate sufficient cash flow or raise capital on acceptable terms to meet our needs. 

 we expect to rely on our cash flow from operations
 our credit facilities
 and other third-party financing. Third-party financing in the future may not
 however
 be available on terms favorable to us
 or at all. Our ability to obtain additional funding will be subject to various factors
 including general market conditions
 our operating performance
 the market&#8217;s perception of our growth potential
 lender sentiment and our ability to incur additional debt in compliance with other contractual restrictions
 such as financial covenants under our debt documents. 

 our ability to make payments on and to refinance any indebtedness and to fund planned expenditures for our growth plans will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. If our business does not achieve the levels of profitability or generate the amount of cash that we anticipate or if we expand faster than anticipated
 we may need to seek additional debt or equity financing to operate and expand our business. 
We believe that our cash and cash equivalents
 expected cash flow from operations and planned borrowing capacity are adequate to fund debt service requirements
 operating lease obligations
 capital expenditures and working capital obligations for the foreseeable future. However
 our ability to continue to meet these requirements and obligations will depend on
 among other things
 our ability to achieve anticipated levels of revenue and cash flow from operations and our ability to manage costs and working capital successfully. Additionally
 our cash flow generation ability is subject to general economic
 financial
 competitive
 legislative and regulatory factors and other factors that are beyond our control. We cannot assure you that our business will generate cash flow from operations in an amount sufficient to enable us to fund our liquidity needs. Further
 our capital requirements may vary materially from those currently planned if
 for example
 our revenues do not reach expected levels or we have to incur unforeseen capital expenditures and make investments to maintain our competitive position. If this is the case
 we may seek alternative financing
 such as selling additional debt or equity securities
 and we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so on favorable terms
 if at all. Moreover
 if we issue new debt securities
 the debt holders would have rights senior to common stockholders to make claims on our assets
 and the terms of any debt could restrict our operations
 including our ability to pay dividends on our common stock. If we issue additional equity or convertible debt securities
 existing stockholders may experience dilution
 and such new securities could have rights senior to those of our common stock. These factors may make the timing
 amount
 terms and conditions 


of additional financings unattractive. Our inability to raise capital could impede our growth or otherwise require us to forego growth opportunities and could materially adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 

 which is subject to regulatory uncertainty that could increase the cost of our variable rate indebtedness.

 international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. These reforms and other pressures may cause LIBOR to be replaced with a new benchmark or to perform differently than in the past. The consequences of these developments cannot be entirely predicted
 but could include an increase in the cost of our variable rate indebtedness.
If our products are alleged to cause injury or illness or fail to comply with governmental regulations
 we may suffer adverse public relations
 need to recall our products and experience product liability claims. 

 including voluntary recalls or withdrawals
 and adverse public relations if our products are alleged to cause injury or illness or if we are alleged to have mislabeled or misbranded our products or otherwise violated governmental regulations. We may also voluntarily recall or withdraw products that we consider below our standards
 whether for taste
 appearance or otherwise
 in order to protect our brand reputation. Consumer or customer concerns (whether justified or not) regarding the safety of our products could adversely affect our business. A product recall or withdrawal could result in substantial and unexpected expenditures
 destruction of product inventory
 and lost sales due to the unavailability of the product for a period of time
 which could reduce profitability and cash flow. In addition
 a product recall or withdrawal may require significant management attention. Product recalls
 product liability claims (even if unmerited or unsuccessful)
 or any other events that cause consumers to no longer associate our brands with high quality and safe products may also result in adverse publicity
 hurt the value of our brands
 lead to a decline in consumer confidence in and demand for our products
 and lead to increased scrutiny by federal and state regulatory agencies of our operations
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 

 our insurance may not be adequate to cover all liabilities we may incur in connection with product liability claims. For example
 punitive damages are generally not covered by insurance. In addition
 we may not be able to continue to maintain our existing insurance
 obtain comparable insurance at a reasonable cost
 if at all
 or secure additional coverage (which may result in future product liability claims being uninsured). A product liability judgment against us or our agreement to settle a product liability claim could also result in substantial and unexpected expenditures
 which would reduce profitability and cash flow. In addition
 even if product liability claims against us are not successful or are not fully pursued
 these claims could harm our brand image
 be costly and time-consuming and may require management to spend time defending the claims rather than operating our business. 

 certain actions by a significant customer or financial difficulties of a significant customer could adversely affect our results of operations. 
A relatively limited number of customers account for a large percentage of our net sales. During 2018
 ten customers
 who purchase either directly from us or through third-party distributors
 collectively accounted for more than 66% of our net sales. In 2018
 our largest distributor by net sales
 McLane Company
 Inc.
 accounted for 16% of our net sales. These percentages may increase if there is consolidation among retailers or if mass merchandisers grow disproportionately to their competition. We expect that a significant portion of our revenues will continue to be derived from a small number of customers; however
 these customers may not continue to purchase our products in the same quantities as they have in the past. Our customers are not contractually obligated to purchase from us. Changes in our customers&#8217; strategies
 including a reduction in the number of brands they carry
 shipping strategies
 a shift of shelf space to or increased emphasis on private label products (including &#8220;store brands&#8221;)
 a reduction in shelf space for pet food items or a reduction in the space allocated for our Freshpet Fridges may adversely affect our sales. Requirements that may be imposed on us by our customers
 such as sustainability
 inventory management or product specification requirements
 may have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Additionally
 especially during economic downturns
 our customers may face financial difficulties
 bankruptcy or other business disruptions that may impact their operations and their purchases from us and may affect their ability to pay us for products purchased from us. Customers may grow their inventory in anticipation of a price increase
 or in anticipation of
 or during
 our promotional events
 which typically provide for reduced prices during a specified time or other customer or consumer incentives. To the extent customers seek to reduce their 


usual or customary inventory levels or change their practices regarding purchases in excess of consumer consumption
ducts to one or more of our significant customers are reduced
 this reduction could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 

 in part
 on the sufficiency and effectiveness of our marketing and trade spending programs. 

 due to the highly competitive nature of the businesses in which we compete
 we must execute effective and efficient marketing investments and trade spending programs with respect to our businesses overall to sustain our competitive position in our markets. Marketing investments may be costly. Additionally
 we may
 from time to time
 change our marketing and trade spending strategies
 including the timing
 amount or nature of television advertising and related promotional programs. The sufficiency and effectiveness of our marketing and trade spending practices is important to our ability to retain or improve our market share or margins. If our marketing and trade spending programs are not successful or if we fail to implement sufficient and effective marketing and trade spending programs
 our business
 financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 


 manufacture
 marketing and distribution of pet food products. If consumer demand for our products decreased
 our business would suffer. Sales of pet food products are subject to evolving consumer preferences and changing demographics. A significant shift in consumer demand away from our products or a decline in pet ownership could reduce our sales or the prestige of our brand
 which would harm our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 

 the technical capability of our product development staff in developing and testing product prototypes
 including complying with governmental regulations
 and the success of our management and sales team in introducing and marketing new products. Failure to develop and market new products that appeal to consumers could negatively impact our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 

 the development and introduction of new products requires substantial research
 development and marketing expenditures
 which we may be unable to recoup if the new products do not gain widespread market acceptance. Efforts to accelerate our innovation may exacerbate risks associated with innovation. If we are unsuccessful in meeting our objectives with respect to new or improved products
 our business
 financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. 

 financial condition and results of operations. 

 Pennsylvania
 which we believe is North America&#8217;s first fresh
 refrigerated pet food manufacturing facility. Accordingly
 we have limited available manufacturing capacity to meet our quality standards. Due to the continued growth of the Company&#8217;s fresh pet food sales
 the Company has plans to expand its manufacturing capacity. The expansion includes the renovation of an existing 50
000 square foot building and a 90
000 square-foot addition. The $100 million strategic capital investment is expected to support Freshpet&#8217;s growth in the United States
 Canada and Europe by creating total capacity for approximately $540 million in net sales from the facility. The facility &#8220;Freshpet Kitchens 2.0&#8221; will make greater use of automation to improve quality
 safety and reduce costs. Production start-up is slated for the second half of 2020. Our Freshpet Kitchens 2.0 may not be successfully completed on a timely basis
 or at all
 or we may not achieve our expected results following its completion.


 an unforeseen event
 such as a natural disaster or work stoppage
 at our Freshpet Kitchens could significantly limit our manufacturing capacity. 

 which may cause our estimates to be inaccurate
 affecting our ability to obtain adequate manufacturing capacity.


If our growth exceeds our expectations
 we may not be able to increase our own manufacturing capacity to
 or obtain contract manufacturing capacity at
 a level that meets demand for our products
d and harm our business. However
 if we overestimate our demand and overbuild our capacity
 we may have significantly underutilized assets
 and we may experience reduced margins. If we do not accurately align our manufacturing capabilities with demand
could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 


 and the reputation we enjoy with suppliers
 contract manufacturers
 distributors
 customers and consumers. The loss of the services of any of these employees could have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects
 as we may not be able to find and integrate suitable replacements on a timely basis
 if at all. In addition
 any such departure could be viewed in a negative light by investors and analysts
 which may cause the price of our common stock to decline. 

 scrutiny
 warnings and public perception could increase our costs of production and increase legal and regulatory expenses. 

 processing
 labeling
 packaging
 storing and distributing pet products are activities subject to extensive federal
 state and local regulation
 as well as foreign regulation. In the United States
 these aspects of our operations are regulated by the FDA
 and various state and local public health and agricultural agencies. The FDA Food Safety Modernization Act of 2011 provides direct recall authority to the FDA and includes a number of other provisions designed to enhance food safety
 including increased inspections by the FDA of domestic and foreign food facilities and increased review of food products imported into the United States. In addition
 many states have adopted the Association of American Feed Control Officials&#8217; model pet food regulations or variations thereof
 which generally regulate the information manufacturers provide about pet food. Complying with government regulation can be costly or may otherwise adversely affect our business. Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could subject us to civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions
 recalls or seizures
 as well as potential criminal sanctions
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 

 both in the United States and elsewhere. Issues such as national security or health and safety
 which slow or otherwise restrict imports or exports
 could adversely affect our business. In addition
 the modification of existing laws or regulations or the introduction of new laws or regulations could require us to make material expenditures or otherwise adversely affect the way that we have historically operated our business. 


 including consumer class actions
 alleging that our product claims are deceptive. Regardless of their merit
 these claims can require significant time and expense to investigate and defend. Whether or not a false marketing claim is successful
 such assertions could have an adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations
 and the negative publicity surrounding them could harm our reputation and brand image. 

 natural disasters
 pestilences and other natural conditions can disrupt our operations
 which can adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 
The ingredients that we use in the production of our products (including
 among others
 meat
 vegetables
 fruits
 carrageenans
 whole grains
 vitamins and minerals) are vulnerable to adverse weather conditions and natural disasters
 such as floods
 droughts
 frosts
 fires
 earthquakes
 tornadoes and pestilences. Adverse weather conditions may be impacted by climate change and other factors. Adverse weather conditions and natural disasters can reduce crop size and crop quality
 which in turn could reduce our supply of ingredients
 lower recoveries of usable ingredients
 increase the prices of our ingredients
 increase our transportation costs or increase our cost of storing ingredients if harvests are accelerated and processing capacity is unavailable. Additionally
 the growth of crops
 as well as the manufacture and processing of our products
 requires significant amounts of water. Drought or other causes of a reduction of water in aquifers may affect availability of water
 which in turn may adversely affect our results of operations. Competing manufacturers may be affected differently by weather conditions and natural disasters depending on the location of their supplies or operations. If our supply of ingredients is reduced
 we may not be able to find enough supplemental supply sources on favorable terms
 if at all
 which could impact our ability to supply product to our customers and adversely affect 


our business
 financial condition and results of operations. Increased costs for ingredients or other inputs could also adversely affect our business
ed in &#8220;&#8212;The inputs
 commodities and ingredients that we require are subject to price increases and shortages that could adversely affect our results of operations.&#8221; 

 adverse weather conditions
 natural disasters or other natural conditions affecting our operating activities or major facilities could cause an interruption or delay in our production or delivery schedules and loss of inventory and/or data or render us unable to accept and fulfill customer orders in a timely manner
 or at all. If our operations are damaged by a fire
 flood or other disaster
 for example
 we may be subject to supply or delivery interruptions
 destruction of our facilities and products or other business disruptions
 which could adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 

 or the quality of our products that customers have come to expect
 our business could suffer. 

 increasing awareness of our brand
 creating and maintaining brand loyalty and increasing the availability of our products. 

 our brand value could diminish significantly due to a number of factors
 including consumer perception that we have acted in an irresponsible manner
 adverse publicity about our products (whether or not valid)
 our failure to maintain the quality of our products
 product contamination
 the failure of our products to deliver consistently positive consumer experiences
 or the products becoming unavailable to consumers. The growing use of social and digital media by consumers increases the speed and extent that information and opinions can be shared. Negative posts or comments about us or our brands or products on social or digital media could damage our brands and reputation. If we fail to maintain the favorable perception of our brands
 our business
 financial condition and results of operations could be negatively impacted. 

 our results of operations could be adversely affected. 

 with competition based primarily upon brand recognition and loyalty
 product packaging
 quality and innovation
 taste
 nutrition
 breadth of product line
 price and convenience. We compete with a significant number of companies of varying sizes
 including divisions or subsidiaries of larger companies. We face strong competition from competitors&#8217; products that are sometimes sold at lower prices. Price gaps between our products and our competitors&#8217; products may result in market share erosion and harm our business. A number of our competitors have broader product lines
 substantially greater financial and other resources and/or lower fixed costs than we have. Our competitors may succeed in developing new or enhanced products
 including fresh
 refrigerated pet food
 that are more attractive to customers or consumers than our products. These competitors may also prove to be more successful in marketing and selling their products or may be better able to increase prices to reflect cost pressures. We may not compete successfully with these other companies or maintain or grow the distribution of our products. We cannot predict the pricing or promotional activities of our competitors or whether they will have a negative effect on us. Many of our competitors engage in aggressive pricing and promotional activities. There are competitive pressures and other factors which could cause our products to lose market share or decline in sales or result in significant price or margin erosion
 which would have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 

 our business
 financial condition and results of operations may suffer. 
Our success depends on our network of company-owned branded refrigerators
 known as Freshpet Fridges. If the operating capacity of our Freshpet Fridges is harmed by external factors
 such as adverse weather or energy supply
 or internal factors
 such as faulty manufacturing or insufficient maintenance
 our products contained in those fridges may be damaged and need to be discarded. In addition
 if our Freshpet Fridges fail to operate as intended
 for any reason
 the reputation of our Freshpet Fridges with customers and the reputation of our brand with consumers may decline. In such event
 customers may choose to discontinue
 or not to expand
 their use of Freshpet Fridges and our products and consumers may choose to forgo purchasing our products. Additionally
 growing concern about the environmental impact of refrigerators could likewise harm the reputation of our Freshpet Fridges with customers and our brand with consumers. 


dversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 

 our business
 financial conditions and results of operations may be harmed. 

 copyright
 trade secret
 patent and other intellectual property laws
 as well as nondisclosure and confidentiality agreements and other methods
 to protect our intellectual property rights as well as the intellectual property of third parties with respect to which we are subject to non-use and non-disclosure obligations. We may need to engage in litigation or similar activities to enforce our intellectual property rights
 to protect our trade secrets or to determine the validity and scope of proprietary rights of others. Any such litigation could require us to expend significant resources and divert the efforts and attention of our management and other personnel from our business operations. The steps we take to prevent misappropriation
 infringement or other violation of our intellectual property or the intellectual property of others may not be successful. In addition
 effective patent
 copyright
 trademark and trade secret protection may be unavailable or limited for some of our trademarks and patents in some foreign countries. Failure to protect our intellectual property could harm our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 

 and we have registered or applied to register many of these trademarks. We cannot assure you that our trademark applications will be approved. Third parties may also oppose our trademark applications
 or otherwise challenge our use of the trademarks. In the event that our trademarks are successfully challenged
 we could be forced to rebrand our products
 which could result in the loss of brand recognition and could require us to devote resources to advertising and marketing new brands. Further
 we cannot assure you that competitors will not infringe our trademarks
 or that we will have adequate resources to enforce our trademarks. 

 ingredients sourcing
 cooking techniques
 packaging
 transportation and delivery. It is possible that others will independently develop the same or similar know-how or otherwise obtain access to our proprietary know-how. To protect our trade secrets and other proprietary know-how
 we require employees
 consultants
 advisors and collaborators to enter into confidentiality agreements. We cannot assure you that these agreements will provide meaningful protection in the event of any unauthorized use
 misappropriation or disclosure of our trade secrets
 know-how or other proprietary information. If we are unable to maintain the proprietary nature of our recipes
 methods and other know-how
 we could be materially adversely affected.


 our profitability and growth depend significantly on our efforts to control our operating costs. Because many of our costs
 such as energy and logistics costs
 packaging costs and ingredient
 commodity and raw product costs
 are affected by factors outside or substantially outside our control
 we generally must seek to control or reduce costs through operating efficiency or other initiatives. If we are not able to identify and complete initiatives designed to control or reduce costs and increase operating efficiency on time or within budget
 our results of operations could be adversely impacted. In addition
 if the cost savings initiatives we have implemented to date
 or any future cost-savings initiatives
 do not generate expected cost savings
 our business
 financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

 commodities and ingredients that we require are subject to price increases and shortages that could adversely affect our results of operations. 
The primary inputs
 commodities and ingredients that we use include meat
 vegetables
 fruits
 carrageenans
 whole grains
 vitamins
 minerals
 packaging and energy (including wind power). Prices for these and other items we use may be volatile
 and we may experience shortages in these items due to factors beyond our control
 such as commodity market fluctuations
 availability of supply
 increased demand (whether for the item we require or for other items
 which in turn impacts the item we require)
 weather conditions
 natural disasters
 currency fluctuations
 governmental regulations (including import restrictions)
 agricultural programs or issues
 energy programs
 labor strikes and the financial health of our suppliers. Input
 commodity and ingredient price increases or shortages may result in higher costs or interrupt our production schedules
 each of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Production delays could lead to reduced sales volumes and profitability
 as well as loss of market share. Higher costs could adversely impact our earnings. For example
 fuel prices affect our transportation costs for both ingredients and finished product. If we are not able to implement our productivity initiatives or increase our product prices to offset price increases of our inputs
 commodities and ingredients
 as a result of consumer sensitivity to pricing or otherwise
 or if sales volumes decline due to price increases
 our results of operations could be adversely affected. Our competitors may be better able than we are to implement productivity initiatives or effect price increases or to otherwise pass along cost increases to their customers. 


Moreover
 if we increase our prices in response to increased costs
 we may need to increase marketing spending
 including trade promotion spending
r market share. Such increased marketing spending may significantly offset the benefits
 if any
 of any price increase and negatively impact our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 

 alleged to be contaminated or are otherwise rumored to have adverse effects
 our results of operations could be adversely affected. 

 for any reason
 we may need to find alternate ingredients for our products
 delay production of our products
 or discard or otherwise dispose of our products
 which could adversely affect our results of operations. Additionally
 if this occurs after the affected product has been distributed
 we may need to withdraw or recall the affected product and we may experience adverse publicity or product liability claims. In either case
 our business
 financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

 financial condition and results of operations. 

 such as bovine spongiform encephalopathy
 or &#8220;mad cow disease.&#8221; As a result of extensive global publicity and trade restrictions imposed to provide safeguards against mad cow disease
 the cost of alternative sources of the protein-based ingredients we use in our products has from time to time increased significantly and may increase again in the future if additional cases of mad cow disease are found. 

 such as foot-and-mouth disease or highly pathogenic avian influenza
 also known as &#8220;bird flu
&#8221; impacts the availability of the protein-based ingredients we use in our products
 we may be required to locate alternative sources for protein-based ingredients. Those sources may not be available to sustain our sales volumes
 may be more costly and may affect the quality and nutritional value of our products. If outbreaks of mad cow disease
 foot-and-mouth disease
 bird flu or any other animal disease or the regulation or publicity resulting therefrom impacts the cost of the protein-based ingredients we use in our products
 or the cost of the alternative protein-based ingredients necessary for our products as compared to our current costs
 we may be required to increase the selling price of our products to avoid margin deterioration. However
 we may not be able to charge higher prices for our products without negatively impacting future sales volumes. 


 from time to time
 a co-packer may experience financial difficulties
 bankruptcy or other business disruptions
 which could disrupt our supply of finished goods or require that we incur additional expense by providing financial accommodations to the co-packer or taking other steps to seek to minimize or avoid supply disruption
 such as establishing a new co-packing arrangement with another provider. During an economic downturn
 our co-packers may be more susceptible to experiencing such financial difficulties
 bankruptcies or other business disruptions. A new co-packing arrangement may not be available on terms as favorable to us as the existing co-packing arrangement
 if at all. 

 including inventory levels
 our business
 financial condition and results of operation may be adversely affected. 
The inability of any supplier
 co-packer
 to meet consumer demand
 as well as having too much inventory on hand that may reach its expiration date and become unsaleable. Changes in the availability and cost of freight may affect our supply chain and ultimately the pricing and availability of our products. If we are unable to manage our supply chain effectively and ensure that our products are available to meet consumer demand
 our operating costs could increase and our profit margins could decrease. 




 shipment tracking and freight dispatch services. Our use of transportation services for shipments is subject to risks
 including increases in fuel prices
 which would increase our shipping costs
 and employee strikes and inclement weather
 which may impact the ability of providers to provide delivery services that adequately meet our shipping needs
 including keeping our products adequately refrigerated during shipment. Any such change could cause us to incur costs and expend resources. Moreover
 in the future we may not be able to obtain terms as favorable as those we receive from the third-party transportation providers that we currently use
 which in turn would increase our costs and thereby adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 

 our results of operations may be adversely affected. 

 including competition
 our competitors&#8217; pricing and marketing
 aggregate industry supply
 category limitations
 market demand and economic conditions
 including inflationary pressures. During challenging economic times
 our ability to increase the prices of our products may be particularly constrained. Additionally
 customers may pressure us to rescind price increases that we have announced or already implemented (either through a change in list price or increased promotional activity). If we are unable to maintain or increase prices for our products (or must increase promotional activity)
 our results of operations could be adversely affected. Furthermore
 price increases generally result in volume losses
 as consumers purchase fewer units. If such losses (also referred to as the elasticity impact) are greater than expected or if we lose distribution due to a price increase (which may result from a customer response or otherwise)
 our business
 financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 


 we recently expanded our business to five retailers in the United Kingdom
 where our products are selling in 424 stores.&nbsp;&nbsp;As we expand our business into new countries we may encounter regulatory
 personnel
 technological and other difficulties that increase our expenses or delay our ability to become profitable in such countries. This may have an adverse effect on our business. These risks include:




































 tax rates in some countries that may exceed those of the United States or Canada and lower earnings due to withholding requirements or the imposition of tariffs
 exchange controls or other restrictions&#894;






















































 regulatory or tax requirements&#894;









 processes and procedures&#894;


























impact on our business and market opportunities
 including nationalization of private enterprise&#894;










non-compliance with applicable currency exchange control regulations
 transfer pricing regulations or other similar regulations&#894;





























 our expansion into new countries may require significant resources and the efforts and attention of our management and other personnel
 which will divert resources from our existing business operations. As we expand our business globally
 our success will depend
 in large part
 on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these and other risks associated with our operations outside of the United States and Canada.

 train and retain employees
 we may not be able to grow or successfully operate our business. 

 train and retain a sufficient number of employees who understand and appreciate our culture and are able to represent our brand effectively and establish credibility with our business partners and consumers. If we are unable to hire and retain employees capable of meeting our business needs and expectations
 our business and brand image may be impaired. Any failure to meet our staffing needs or any material increase in turnover rates of our employees may adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 


 our employees may elect to be represented by labor unions in the future. If a significant number of our employees were to become unionized and collective bargaining agreement terms were significantly different from our current compensation arrangements
 it could adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations. In addition
 a labor dispute involving some or all of our employees may harm our reputation
 disrupt our operations and reduce our revenues
 and resolution of disputes may increase our costs. 

 we may be subject to various employment-related claims
 such as individual or class actions or government enforcement actions relating to alleged employment discrimination
 employee classification and related withholding
 wage-hour
 labor standards or healthcare and benefit issues. Such actions
 if brought against us and successful in whole or in part
 may affect our ability to compete or could materially adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 

 results of operations and financial condition. 

 customer and consumer demand for our products. In addition
 our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with our suppliers
 contract manufacturers
 distributors
 customers
 consumers and creditors may suffer. Consumers have access to lower-priced offerings and
 during economic downturns
 may shift purchases to these lower-priced or other perceived value offerings. Customers may become more conservative in response to these conditions and seek to reduce their inventories. For example
 during the economic downturn from 2007 through 2009
 customers significantly reduced their inventories. Our results of operations depend upon
 among other things
 our ability to maintain and increase sales volume with our existing customers
 to attract new consumers and to provide products that appeal to consumers at prices they are willing and able to pay. Prolonged unfavorable economic conditions may have an adverse effect on our sales and profitability. 

 which may adversely affect our business. Climate change or concerns regarding climate change may increase environmental regulation and environmental risks. 
As a result of our agricultural and food processing operations
 we are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations. Many of these laws and regulations are becoming increasingly stringent and compliance with them is becoming increasingly expensive. Changes in environmental conditions may result in existing legislation having a greater impact on us. Additionally
 we may be subject to new legislation and regulation in the future. For example
 increasing concern about climate change may result in additional federal and state legal and regulatory requirements to reduce or 


ance with environmental legislation and regulations
 particularly if they are more aggressive than our current sustainability measures used to monitor our emissions and improve our energy efficiency
 adversely impact our financial position or results of operations. If the cost of compliance with applicable environmental laws or regulations increases
 our business
 financial condition and results of operations could be negatively impacted. 


 introduce and acquire products
 the risk of such claims may be exacerbated. Any such claims
 even those without merit
 could (i)&#160;require us to expend significant resources
 (ii)&#160;cause us to cease making or using products that incorporate the challenged intellectual property
 (iii)&#160;require us to redesign
 reengineer or rebrand our products or packaging
 including our Freshpet Fridges located in approximately 19
500 retail stores
 (iv)&#160;divert management&#8217;s attention and resources or (v)&#160;require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements in order to obtain the right to use a third-party&#8217;s intellectual property
 which may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. Any of such events may adversely impact our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 


 some of which are managed by third-party service providers. We rely on our information technology systems to effectively manage our business data
 communications
 supply chain
 order entry and fulfillment
 and other business processes. The failure of our information technology systems to perform as we anticipate could disrupt our business and could result in transaction errors
 processing inefficiencies
 and the loss of sales and customers
 causing our business and results of operations to suffer. In addition
 our information technology systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from circumstances beyond our control
 including fire
 natural disasters
 power outages
 systems failures
 security breaches
 cyber-attacks and viruses. Any such damage or interruption could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 


 employees
 suppliers and others
 including personal identification information. Security breaches could expose us to a risk of loss or misuse of this information
 litigation
 and potential liability. We may not have the resources or technical sophistication to anticipate or prevent rapidly-evolving types of cyber-attacks. Attacks may be targeted at us
 our customers and suppliers
 or others who have entrusted us with information. Actual or anticipated attacks may cause us to incur increasing costs
 including costs to deploy additional personnel and protection technologies
 train employees
 and engage third-party experts and consultants. Advances in computer capabilities
 new technological discoveries or other developments may result in the technology used by us to protect transaction or other data being breached or compromised. In addition
 data and security breaches can also occur as a result of non-technical issues
 including breach by us or by persons with whom we have commercial relationships that result in the unauthorized release of personal or confidential information. Any compromise or breach of our security could result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws
 significant legal and financial exposure
 and a loss of confidence in our security measures
 which could have an adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 

 our financial results will be adversely affected. 
As of December&#160;31
 2018
 we had federal net operating loss (&#8220;NOLs&#8221;) carryforwards of approximately $183.3 million and state NOLs of approximately $147.2 million that we may use to offset against taxable income for U.S. federal and state income tax purposes
 respectively. In general
 a corporation that undergoes an &#8216;&#8216;ownership change&#8217;&#8217; is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its &#8220;pre-ownership change&#8221; NOLs to offset future taxable income. In general
 under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended (the &#8220;Code&#8221;)
 an ownership change occurs if the aggregate stock ownership of certain stockholders (generally 5% stockholders
 applying certain look-through and aggregation rules) increases by more than 50 percentage points over such stockholders&#8217; lowest percentage ownership during the testing period (generally three years). Purchases or sales of our common stock in amounts greater than specified levels
 which are generally beyond our control
 could create a limitation on our ability to utilize our NOLs for tax purposes in the future. Limitations imposed on our ability to utilize NOLs could cause U.S. federal and state income taxes to be paid earlier than 


In addition
 under the tax reform bill commonly known as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act
 (i) the amount of NOLs generated in taxable years beginning after December 31
e year is limited to 80% of our taxable income in such year
 and (ii) NOLs generated in taxable years beginning after December 31
 Furthermore
 utilize our NOLs before they expire. If any of these events occur
 we may not derive some or all of the expected benefits from our NOLs. In addition
 NOLs incurred in one state may not be available to offset income earned in a different state. Furthermore
 there may be periods during which the use of NOLs is suspended or otherwise limited for state tax purposes
 which could accelerate or permanently increase state taxes owed. 


 we are required to comply with the SEC&#8217;s rules implementing Section&#160;302 and 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 which require management to certify financial and other information in our quarterly and annual reports and provide an annual management report on the effectiveness of controls over financial reporting. If we identify weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting
 are unable to comply with the requirements of Section&#160;404 in a timely manner or to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective
 or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
 investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our common stock could be negatively affected
 and we could become subject to investigations by NASDAQ
 the SEC or other regulatory authorities
 which could require additional financial and management resources. 


 some of which are beyond our control
 resulting in a decline in our stock price. 

 including: 

















profitability of our Freshpet Fridges
 especially in new markets; 


























macroeconomic conditions
 both nationally and locally; 














































 our quarterly and annual operating results may fluctuate significantly. Accordingly
 results for any one quarter are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for any other quarter or for any year for any particular future period may decrease. In the future
 operating results may fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors. In that event
 the price of our common stock would likely decrease.



 and may continue to be
 volatile
 and you may not be able to resell your shares at or above the purchase price. Such volatility could be based on various factors in addition to those otherwise described in this report
 including those described under &#8220;&#8212;Risks Related to Our Business and Industry&#8221; and the following: 



















the public&#8217;s reaction to our press releases
 our other public announcements and our filings with the SEC; 

















global
 national or local economic
 legal and regulatory factors unrelated to our performance; 

















future sales of our common stock by our officers
 directors and significant stockholders; 

















other developments affecting us
 our industry or our competitors. 

 in recent years the stock market has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations. These fluctuations may be unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These broad market fluctuations may cause declines in the market price of our common stock. The price of our common stock could fluctuate based upon factors that have little or nothing to do with our business
 financial condition and results of operations
 and those fluctuations could materially reduce our common stock price. 

 we are especially vulnerable to these factors to the extent that they affect our industry or our products. In the past
 securities class action litigation has often been initiated against companies following periods of volatility in their stock price and we are currently defending against the claims made in Curran v. Freshpet
 Inc. et al and Meldon v. Freshpet
 Inc. et al. This type of litigation could result in substantial costs and divert our management&#8217;s attention and resources and could also require us to make substantial payments to satisfy judgments or to settle litigation. 

 or the perception that such sales may occur
 could depress our common stock price. 

 2018
 we had 35
556
595 shares of common stock outstanding
 and our Certificate of Incorporation authorizes us to issue up to 200 million shares of common stock. 

 we may issue additional shares of common stock or other securities if we need to raise additional capital. The number of new shares of our common stock issued in connection with raising additional capital could constitute a material portion of the then outstanding shares of our common stock. Any future sales of our common stock
 or the perception that such sales may occur
 could negatively impact the price of our common stock. 

 our stock price and trading volume could decline. 

 our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of us or fails to publish reports on us regularly
 demand for our common stock could decrease
 which could cause our stock prices and trading volume to decline. 

 and their interests may not always coincide with the interests of the other holders. 

 2018
 MidOcean Partners and certain of its affiliates (&#8220;MidOcean&#8221;) owned approximately 20.5% of our common stock. As a result
 MidOcean could potentially have significant influence over all matters presented to our stockholders for approval
 including election and removal of our directors
 change in control transactions and the outcome of all actions requiring a majority stockholder approval.
In addition
 a member who currently serves on our Board of Directors is associated with MidOcean. The interests of MidOcean may not always coincide with the interests of the other holders of our common stock
 and the concentration of control in MidOcean will limit other stockholders&#8217; ability to influence corporate matters. The concentration of ownership and voting power of MidOcean may also delay
 defer or even prevent an acquisition by a third-party or other change of control of our Company and may make some transactions more difficult or impossible without their support
 even if such events are in the best interests of our other stockholders. Therefore
 the concentration of voting power that MidOcean has may have an adverse effect on the price of our common stock. We may also take actions that our other stockholders do 


not view as beneficial
 which may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition and cause the value of your investment to decline. 


 if any
 for future operations
 expansion and debt repayment and have no current plans to pay any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Any future determination to declare and pay cash dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on
 among other things
 our financial condition
 results of operations
 cash requirements
 contractual restrictions and such other factors as our Board of Directors deems relevant. Our ability to pay dividends may also be limited by covenants of any future outstanding indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur. As a result
 you may not receive any return on an investment in our common stock unless you sell our common stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it. 

 even if the acquisition would be beneficial to our stockholders
 and could make it more difficult for you to change our management. 

 we have a classified Board of Directors with three-year staggered terms
 which could delay the ability of stockholders to change membership of a majority of our Board of Directors. These provisions may make it more difficult or expensive for a third-party to acquire a majority of our outstanding equity interests. These provisions also may delay
 prevent or deter a merger
 acquisition
 tender offer
 proxy contest or other transaction that might otherwise result in our stockholders receiving a premium over the market price for their common stock. 


 in each case
 to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. In addition
 we have entered and expect to continue to enter into agreements to indemnify our directors
 executive officers and other employees as determined by our Board of Directors. Under the terms of such indemnification agreements
 we are required to indemnify each of our directors and officers
 to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the state of Delaware
 if the basis of the indemnitee&#8217;s involvement was by reason of the fact that the indemnitee is or was a director or officer of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or was serving at the Company&#8217;s request in an official capacity for another entity. We must indemnify our officers and directors against all reasonable fees
 expenses
 charges and other costs of any type or nature whatsoever
 including any and all expenses and obligations paid or incurred in connection with investigating
 defending
 being a witness in
 participating in (including on appeal)
 or preparing to defend
 be a witness or participate in any completed
 actual
 pending or threatened action
 suit
 claim or proceeding
 whether civil
 criminal
 administrative or investigative
 or establishing or enforcing a right to indemnification under the indemnification agreement. The indemnification agreements also require us
 if so requested
 to advance within 30 days of such request all reasonable fees
 expenses
 charges and other costs that such director or officer incurred
 provided that such person will return any such advance if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to indemnification by us. Any claims for indemnification by our directors and officers may reduce our available funds to satisfy successful third-party claims against us and may reduce the amount of money available to us. 

 which would rank senior to our common stock upon our bankruptcy or liquidation
 and future offerings of equity securities that may be senior to our common stock for the purposes of dividend and liquidating distributions
 may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

 we may attempt to increase our capital resources by making offerings of debt securities or additional offerings of equity securities. Upon bankruptcy or liquidation
 holders of our debt securities and shares of preferred stock and lenders with respect to other borrowings will receive a distribution of our available assets prior to the holders of our common stock. Additional equity offerings may dilute the holdings of our existing stockholders or reduce the market price of our common stock
 or both
 and may result in future Section&#160;382 limitations that could reduce the rate at which we utilize our NOL carryforwards. Preferred stock
 if issued
 could have a preference on liquidating distributions or a preference on dividend payments or both that could limit our ability to make a dividend distribution to the holders of our common stock. Our decision to issue securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control. As a result
 we cannot predict or estimate the amount
 timing or nature of our future offerings
 and purchasers of our common stock in this offering bear the risk of our future offerings reducing the market price of our common stock and diluting their ownership interest in our company.








 located in Secaucus
 New Jersey and consisting of approximately 20
000 square feet of office space
 is subject to a lease agreement that expires on June&#160;30
 2024.

 our approximately 100
000 square foot manufacturing facility in Bethlehem
 Pennsylvania
 and our approximately 50
000 square foot Innovation Center. We believe that our properties have been adequately maintained
 are in good condition generally and are suitable and adequate for its business as presently conducted.

 the Company has plans to expand its manufacturing capacity. The expansion includes the renovation of an existing 50
000 square foot building and a 90
000 square-foot addition. The $100 million strategic capital investment is expected to support Freshpet&#8217;s growth in the United States
 Canada and Europe by creating total capacity for approximately $540 million in net sales from the facility. The facility &#8220;Freshpet Kitchens 2.0&#8221; will make greater use of automation to improve quality
 safety and reduce costs. Production start-up is slated for the second half of 2020.

A securities lawsuit
 Curran v. Freshpet
 Inc. et al
 Docket No. 2:16-cv-02263
 was instituted April 21
 2016 in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey against us and certain of our current and former executive officers and directors on behalf of certain purchasers of our common stock. We were served with a copy of the complaint in June 2016. The plaintiffs seek to recover damages for investors under the federal securities laws. Plaintiff has filed a motion for class certification.&nbsp;&nbsp;Freshpet has filed an opposition to Plaintiff&#8217;s motion for class certification and requested an evidentiary hearing on the motion.&nbsp;&nbsp;Discovery is ongoing.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company believes that the plaintiffs&#8217; allegations are without merit and intends to vigorously defend against the claims. Because the Company is in the early stages of litigation
 the Company is unable to estimate a reasonably possible range of loss
 if any
 that may result from this matter.

 Meldon v. Freshpet
 Inc. et al
 Docket No. 2:18-cv-10166
 was instituted June 5
 2018 in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey against us and certain of our current and former executive officers and directors on behalf of certain holders of our common stock. We were served with a copy of the complaint in June 2018. The plaintiffs seek to recover damages for investors under the federal securities laws. On June 21
 2018
 we were granted a motion to stay the Meldon case pending (i) the close of discovery in the Curran action
 which is currently scheduled for March 8
 2019 or (ii) the dismissal with prejudice of the Curran action.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company believes that the plaintiffs&#8217; allegations are without merit and intends to vigorously defend against the claims. Because the Company is in the early stages of litigation
 the Company is unable to estimate a reasonably possible range of loss
 if any
 that may result from this matter.

 we are currently involved in various claims and legal actions that arise in the ordinary course of our business
 including claims resulting from employment related matters. None of these claims or proceedings
 most of which are covered by insurance
 are expected to have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
 results of operations or cash flows. However
 a significant increase in the number of these claims or an increase in amounts owing under successful claims could materially and adversely affect our business
 financial condition
 results of operations or cash flows.








ITEM&#160;5. Market for registrant&#8217;s common equity
 related stockholder matters and issueR purchases of equity secuRIties 




 2019 was 108. This number excludes stockholders whose stock is held in nominee or street name by brokers.


 2014
 we have not declared or paid
 and do not anticipate declaring or paying in the foreseeable future
 any cash dividends on our capital stock. Any future determination to declare and pay cash dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors in accordance with applicable laws and will depend on
 among other things
 our financial condition
 results of operations
 cash requirements
 contractual restrictions and such other factors as our Board of Directors deems relevant. Our ability to pay dividends may also be limited by covenants of any future outstanding indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur.




 and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Freshpet
 Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &#8220;Securities Act&#8221;)
 or the Exchange Act. 

 2014 (the date our common stock commenced trading on the NASDAQ Global Market) through December 31
 2018. Although our common stock was initially listed at $15.00 per share on the date our common stock was first listed on the NASDAQ
 November 7
 2014
 the $15.00 price is not reflected in the graph. Instead
 the figures represented below assume an investment of $100 in our common stock at the closing price of $19.11 on November 7
 2014 and in the NASDAQ Composite and the Russell 3000 on November 7
 2014 and the reinvestment of dividends into shares of common stock. The comparisons in the table are required by the SEC and are not intended to forecast or be indicative of possible future performance of our common stock.













 Inc.
































































































































































































 2018
 2017 and 2016 and the consolidated balance sheets data as of December&#160;31
 2018 and 2017 from our audited consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this report. The consolidated statement of operations data for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014 and the consolidated balance sheet data as of December 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014 have been derived from our audited consolidated financial statements
 which are not included in this report.



































































237








359








707








505








154












247








943








336








856








936












990








416








371








649








218






 general and administrative expenses






876








167








586








297








299












886








751








215








648








081






 net


















































































937












































614












284








187








095








653








297
























































361








262








161








711








339












































286












































655












361








262








161








711








280




























































































































































































329
170








487
239








674
416








497
940








632
042












329
170








487
239








674
416








497
940








632
042























































































































129








056








953








887








130












164








630








530








294








979












783








930








814








555








035
























































499








004








609








015








386












080








414








490








376




















280








565








654








110








515












938








450








248








416








519












698








797








651








347








985
























































175








287








817








071








226












099








716








135








082








905












274








003








952








153








131







































































554








184








908








029








259




































250




















741








265
















246








156












965








900








451








098








462




























000
































































































































































474








903








783








950








393












 the Company was obligated to pay each guarantor a contingent fee equal to 10%&#160;per annum of the amount each guarantor committed to guarantee. Portions of the proceeds from our initial public offering (&#8220;IPO&#8221;) and related debt refinancing were used to repay the borrowings under the $62.5 Million Revolver
 relieving us of our future fees on the debt guarantee. Concurrently
 with the closing of the IPO
 the outstanding guarantee fees were converted into shares of our Series C Preferred Stock
 par value $0.001 (the &#8220;Series C Preferred Stock&#8221;)
 which were then converted into common stock. See our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto for additional information. 








 on a quarterly basis. Holders of Series C Preferred Stock were entitled to dividends at a rate of 8%&#160;per annum of the Series C Preferred Stock original issue price. Once the Series C Preferred Stock was converted to common stock
 the accrued dividends that had not been declared by the Board of Directors were relinquished. 







 the Series C Preferred Stock were fair valued utilizing the Common Stock share price at the date of conversion. The difference between fair value and book value was recorded as net loss attributable to common stockholders.








 Adjusted EBITDA
 Adjusted Gross Profit and Adjusted SG&amp;A Expenses are not financial measures prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
 or GAAP. These metrics are explained in more detail in the section &#8220;Non-GAAP Financial Measures&#8221; in &#8220;Item 7&#8212;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations
&#8221; where they are reconciled to the closest GAAP measure.






















 including those set forth in &#8220;Risk Factors.&#8221; The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report
 as well as the information presented under &#8220;Selected Financial Data.&#8221;


 fresh food to our dogs and cats. We were inspired by the rapidly growing view among pet owners that their dogs and cats are a part of their family
 leading them to demand healthier pet food choices. Since inception of the company in 2006
 we have created a comprehensive business model to deliver wholesome pet food that pet parents can trust
 and in the process
 we believe we have become one of the fastest growing pet food companies in North America. Our business model is difficult for others to replicate and we see significant opportunity for future growth by leveraging the unique elements of our business
 including our brand
 our product know-how
 our Freshpet Kitchens
 our refrigerated distribution
 our Freshpet Fridge and our culture. 



 the Company has plans to continue expanding its manufacturing capacity.&nbsp;&nbsp;During the second half of 2018 the Company converted one of its four manufacturing lines from five-day production to seven-day production
 with plans to convert two more lines to seven day production during Q1 of 2019. Additionally the Company is in the process of building a 90
000 square-foot addition to our manufacturing facility. The $100 million strategic capital investment is expected to support Freshpet&#8217;s growth in the United States
 Canada and Europe by creating total capacity for approximately $540 million in net sales from the facility. The facility &#8220;Freshpet Kitchens 2.0&#8221; will make greater use of automation to improve quality
 safety and reduce costs. Production start-up is slated for the second half of 2020.



 the Company uses Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA % (Adjusted EBITDA as a percent of net sales)
 both non-GAAP measures to assess profitability. As the Company grows
 management wants to ensure continued simplicity and transparency when assessing its profitability by way of its non-GAAP measures. 

 although it is added back to Adjusted EBITDA. Management believes that including consistent addbacks within its non-GAAP measures will ensure that both management and investors can more easily assess the Company&#8217;s profitability percentage by way of Adjusted EBITDA %
 and then be able to easily assess if the percentage gains/losses came by way of Adjusted Gross Profit and/or Adjusted SG&amp;A. As such the Company has aligned all of its non-GAAP measure add-backs within Adjusted Gross Profit
 Adjusted SG&amp;A
 and Adjusted EBITDA. In addition the Company will add Adjusted EBITDA % to its non-GAAP measure. The Company has made these changes retrospectively. 






 who purchase either directly from us or through third-party distributors. Our products are sold to consumers through a fast-growing network of company-owned branded refrigerators
 known as Freshpet Fridges
 located in our customers&#8217; stores. We continue to roll out Freshpet Fridges across leading retailers across North America and have installed Freshpet Fridges in approximately 19
500 retail stores as of December&#160;31
 2018. Our products are sold under the Freshpet brand name
 with ingredients
 packaging and labeling customized by class of retail. Sales are recorded net of discounts
 slotting
 returns and promotional allowances. 











Increasing sales velocity from the average Freshpet Fridge due to increasing awareness
 trial and adoption of Freshpet products and innovation. Our investments in marketing and advertising help to drive awareness and trial at each point of sale. 








Increased penetration of Freshpet Fridge locations in major classes of retail
 including grocery (including online)
 mass
 club
 pet specialty and natural. The impact of new Freshpet Fridge installations on our net sales varies by retail class and depends on numerous factors including store traffic
 refrigerator size
 placement within the store and proximity to other stores that carry our products. 








Consumer trends including growing pet ownership
 pet humanization and a focus on health and wellness. 

 we will continue to penetrate the pet food marketplace and increase our share of the pet food category.


 which include the costs of product manufacturing
 product ingredients
 packaging materials
 and inbound freight. 

 packaging materials
 and labor and overhead. We expect to mitigate any adverse movement in input costs through a combination of cost management and price increases. 

 General and Administrative&nbsp;&nbsp;Expenses

 general and administrative (&#8220;SG&amp;A&#8221;) costs as a percentage of net sales decreased from 81.3% in the year ended 2012 to 62.7% in 2013
 55.7% in 2014

 which has increased our investment level in media
SG&amp;A as a percentage of net sales was 49.3% in 2017 and 49.1% in 2018. We believe that as we begin to realize the benefits of our Feed the Growth initiative
 SG&amp;A expenses will once again decrease as a percentage of net sales. 

 general and administrative expenses consist of the following:

Our marketing and advertising expenses primarily consist of national television media
 digital marketing
 social media and grass roots marketing to drive brand awareness. These expenses may vary from quarter to quarter depending on the timing of our marketing and advertising campaigns. Our Feed the Growth initiative will focus on growing the business through increased marketing investments.



. We account for all share-based compensation payments issued to employees
 directors and non-employees using a fair value method. Accordingly
 share-based compensation expense is measured based on the estimated fair value of the awards on the grant date. We recognize compensation expense for the portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest over the period during which the recipient renders the required services to us using the straight-line single option method. 


 benefits
 as well as corporate general&#160;&amp; administrative costs. 

We had federal net operating loss (&#8220;NOL&#8221;) carry forwards of approximately $183.3 million as of December&#160;31
 2018
 of which
 approximately $175.0 million
 generated in 2017 and prior
 will expire between 2025 and 2037.  The NOL generated in 2018
 of approximately $8.3 million
f-set future taxable income pursuant to Section&#160;382 of the Internal Revenue Code
 which could result in NOLs expiring unused. At December&#160;31
 2018
 we had approximately $147.2 million of state NOLs
 which expire between 2018 and 2038. At December&#160;31
 2018
 we had a full valuation allowance against our net deferred tax assets as the realization of such assets was not considered more likely than not.



































































































237
















359
















707




















247
















943
















336




















990
















416
















371














 general and administrative expenses






876
















167
















586




















886
















751
















215














 net














































































































284
















187
















095








































































361
















262
















161













 2018 Compared To Twelve Months Ended December 31
 2017























































































 Mass and Club* (1)






506
















293








412
















986












731
















206








947
















018












237
















499








359
















004












 2018 and December 31
 2017 consisted of 10
129 and 9
056 grocery (including online) and 4
164 and 3
930 mass and club
 respectively.







 2018 and December 31
 2017 consisted of 4
783 and 4
630 pet specialty and 423 and 388 natural
 respectively.

 or 1.1% of total net sales
 for the twelve months ended December 31
 2017.

 or 26.8%
 to $193.2 million for the twelve months ended December&#160;31
 2018 as compared to the same period in the prior year. The $40.9 million increase in net sales was driven by growth in the Grocery (including Online)
 Mass
 and Club refrigerated channel of $36.7 million
 and Pet Specialty and Natural of $5.8 million
 offset by Freshpet Baked sales of $1.6 million during 2017. The net sales increase was driven by overall velocity gains and an increase of Freshpet Fridges store locations
 which grew by 8.3% from 18
004 as of December 31
 2017 to 19
499 as of December&#160;31
 2018.




 or 24.3%
 to $90.0 million for the twelve months ended December&#160;31
 2018 as compared to the same period in the prior year. The increase in gross profit was primarily driven by higher net sales offset by decreased gross margin.

 2018
 was a decrease of 90 basis points compared to the same period in the prior year
 due to increase in raw material cost of 180 basis points
 unabsorbed labor cost in advance of a new seven day operation of 100 basis points
 increased stock compensation cost of 20 basis points
 partially offset by increased efficiencies through scale and production improvements of 140 basis points
 leverage on depreciation expense of 70 basis points. 

 2018 and 2017
 respectively. Adjusted Gross Profit Margin as a percentage of net sales was 50.2% and 51.5% in the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. Adjusted Gross Profit excludes $6.1 million and $5.8 million of depreciation expense in 2018 and 2017
 respectively
 and $0.9 million and $0.2 million in non-cash share-based compensation expense in 2018 and 2017 respectively. See &#8220;&#8212;Non-GAAP Financial Measures&#8221; for how we define Adjusted Gross Profit and a reconciliation of Adjusted Gross Profit to Gross Profit
 the closest comparable U.S. GAAP measure.

 General and Administrative Expenses

 or 26.2%
 to $94.9 million for the twelve months ended December&#160;31

 higher depreciation and share-based compensation expense of $2.8 million
 higher selling expense of $1.2 million
 increased variable cost due to volume of $4.0 million
 which includes freight cost and brokerage
 increased variable incentive compensation of $0.9 million
 shelf registration costs of $0.4 million
 litigation costs of $0.2 million and higher incremental operating expenses of $2.3 million.

 selling
 general and administrative expenses decreased slightly to 49.1% for the twelve months ended December&#160;31
 2018 from 49.3% for the twelve months ended December 31
 2017. 

 2018 as compared to 39.9% of net sales in the year ended December&#160;31
 2017. The decrease of 20 basis points in adjusted SG&amp;A is a result of 240 basis point gain in SG&amp;A leverage
 offset by a decrease of 220 basis points related to media ad spend increase. The media spend increase is due to the Company&#8217;s Feed the Growth Initiative. Since the start of the initiative the Company has gained 240 basis points of leverage on adjusted SG&amp;A. Adjusted SG&amp;A excludes $8.0 million and $6.9 million for depreciation and amortization expense in 2018 and 2017
 respectively
 $5.9 million and $4.2 million for non-cash items related to share-based compensation in 2018 and 2017
 respectively
  $3.5 million and $3.1 million for launch expense in 2018 and 2017
 respectively
 $0.3 million and $0.1 million of litigation expense in 2018 and 2017
 respectively
 $0.3 million related to shelf registration expenses in 2018 and $0.1 million of leadership transition costs in 2017. Adjusted SG&amp;A is a Non-GAAP measure. See &#8220;&#8212;Non-GAAP Financial Measures&#8221; for how we define Adjusted SG&amp;A
 a reconciliation of Adjusted SG&amp;A to SG&amp;A
 the closest comparable U.S. GAAP measure
 certain limitations of Non-GAAP measures and why management has included such Non-GAAP measures.


 2017 to a loss of $4.9 million for the twelve months ended December&#160;31
 2018 as a result of the factors discussed above.

 the twelve months ended December&#160;31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively
 Interest expense in the twelve months ended December&#160;31
 2017 included $0.3 million of accelerated amortization of debt issuance costs related to the amendment of our Credit Facilities (as defined below). See &#8220;&#8212;Liquidity and Capital Resources.&#8221;


me/(Expenses)
 net 

 net decreased $0.4 million from a loss of $0.5 million for the twelve months ended December&#160;31
 2017 to a loss of $0.1 million for the twelve months ended December&#160;31
 2018
 primarily related to $0.3 million expense related to the revaluation of warrants for the twelve months ended December 31
 2017.


 or 25.8%
 to $5.4 million for the twelve months ended December&#160;31
 2018 as compared to net loss of $4.3 million for the same period in the prior year. Net loss was 2.8% of net sales for the twelve months ended December 31
 2018 as compared to a net loss of 2.8% of net sales for the same period in the prior year.



 2017 to $20.3  million for the twelve months ended December&#160;31
 2018. Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of net sales decreased 100 basis points from 11.5% for the twelve months ended December 31
 2017 to 10.5% for the twelve months ended December 31
 2018.&nbsp;&nbsp;The decrease is a result of increased media spend as part of our Feed the Growth initiative causing a 220 basis point decline
 and a decrease in Adjusted Gross Margin of 130 basis points
 partially offset by leverage gain on Adjusted SG&amp;A of 240 basis points.&nbsp;&nbsp; 


 2017 Compared To Twelve Months Ended December 31
 2016























































































 Mass and Club* (1)






412
















986








075
















767












947
















018








632
















842












359
















004








707
















609
















 2017 and December 31
 2016 consisted of 9
056 and 7
953 grocery (including online) and 3
930 and 3
814 mass and club
 respectively.






 2017 and December 31
 2016 consisted of 4
630 and 4
530 pet specialty and 388 and 312 natural
 respectively.



 or 1.1% of total net sales
 for the twelve months ended December 31
 2017 and $4.4 million
 or 3.3% of total net sales
 for the twelve months ended December 31
 2016.

 or 17.5%
 to $152.3 million for the twelve months ended December&#160;31
 2017 as compared to the same period in the prior year. The $22.6 million increase in net sales was driven by growth in the Grocery (including Online)
 Mass
 and Club refrigerated channel of $21.3 million
 and Pet Specialty and Natural of $1.3 million. The net sales increase was driven by overall velocity gains and an increase of Freshpet Fridges store locations
 which grew by 8.4% from 16
609 as of December&#160;31
 2016 to 18
004 as of December&#160;31
 2017.

Gross profit increased $12.0 million
 or 20%
 to $72.4 million for the twelve months ended December&#160;31
 2017 as compared to the same period in the prior year. The increase in gross profit was primarily driven by higher net sales
 and production efficiencies
 partially offset by increased depreciation due to our Freshpet Kitchens.

Our gross profit margin of 47.5% for the twelve months ended December&#160;31
 2017
 was an increase of 100 basis points compared to the same period in the prior year
 primarily related to cost savings and margin improvement through scale 


and plant startup costs in the prior year
 partially offset by a decrease due to additional depreciation of our Freshpet Kitchens expansion.

 2017 and 2016
 respectively. Adjusted Gross Profit Margin as a percentage of net sales was 51.5% and 51.1% in the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively. Adjusted Gross Profit excludes $5.8 million and $4.0 million of depreciation expense in 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 $0.2 million and $0.2 million in non-cash share-based compensation expense in 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 and $1.6 million of non-capitalizable plant start-up costs in 2016. See &#8220;&#8212;Non-GAAP Financial Measures&#8221; for how we define Adjusted Gross Profit and a reconciliation of Adjusted Gross Profit to Gross Profit
 the closest comparable U.S. GAAP measure.

 General and Administrative Expenses

 or 20.1%
 to $75.2 million for the twelve months ended December&#160;31
 2017 as compared to the same period in the prior year. Key components of the dollar increase include higher media spend of $5.5 million
 higher depreciation expense of $1.0 million
 increased variable cost due to volume of $2.1 million
 which includes freight cost and brokerage
 and higher incremental operating expenses of $5.2 million
 offset by prior year non-recurring costs related to leadership transition expenses of $1.2 million. The increased operating expenses were primarily due to new hires and increased employee benefit costs
 compensation. As a percentage of net sales
 selling
 general and administrative expenses increased to 49.3% for the twelve months ended December&#160;31
 2017 from 48.3% for the twelve months ended December 31
 2016. 

 2017 as compared to 37.5% of net sales in the year ended December&#160;31
 2016. The decrease of 240 basis points in adjusted SG&amp;A is a result of an increase of 310 basis points related to media ad spend increase
 offset by a 70 basis point gain in SG&amp;A leverage. The media spend increase is due to the Company&#8217;s Feed the Growth Initiative. Adjusted SG&amp;A excludes $6.9 million and $5.9 million in depreciation and amortization expense for 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 $4.2 million and $4.0 million for non-cash items related to share-based compensation in 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 $3.1 million and $2.8 million launch expense
 $0.1 million of litigation expense in 2017 and $1.3 million of leadership transition costs in 2016. Adjusted SG&amp;A is a Non-GAAP measure. See &#8220;&#8212;Non-GAAP Financial Measures&#8221; for how we define Adjusted SG&amp;A
 a reconciliation of Adjusted SG&amp;A to SG&amp;A
 the closest comparable U.S. GAAP measure
 certain limitations of Non-GAAP measures and why management has included such Non-GAAP measures.


 2016 to a loss of $2.7 million for the twelve months ended December&#160;31
 2017 as a result of the factors discussed above.


 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 relating primarily to our Credit Facilities (as defined below). Interest expense in the twelve months ended December&#160;31
 2017 includes $0.3 million of accelerated amortization of debt issuance costs related to the amendment of our Credit Facilities (as defined below). See &#8220;&#8212;Liquidity and Capital Resources.&#8221;

 net

 net increased $0.3 million from a loss of $0.2 million for the twelve months ended December&#160;31
 2016 to a loss of $0.5 million for the twelve months ended December&#160;31
 2017
 primarily related to $0.2 million from the revaluation of warrants. Expense related to the revaluation of warrants upon settlement
 was $0.3 million for the twelve months ended December 31
 2017 compared to expense of less than $0.1 million for the same period in the prior year.


 or 34.8%
 to $4.3 million for the twelve months ended December&#160;31
 2017 as compared to net loss of $3.2 million for the same period in the prior year. Net loss was 2.8% of net sales for the twelve months ended December 31
 2017 as compared to a net loss of 2.4% of net sales for the same period in the prior year.





 2016 to 11.5% for the twelve months ended December 31
 2017. The decrease is a result of increased media spend as part of our Feed the Growth initiative causing a 310 basis point decline
 partially offset by an increase in Adjusted Gross Margin of 40 basis points and leverage gain on Adjusted SG&amp;A of 70 basis points.&nbsp;&nbsp; 



 2018 has been prepared on a basis consistent with our audited annual consolidated financial statements and includes
 in the opinion of management
 all normal recurring adjustments necessary for a fair statement of the financial information contained herein. The following quarterly data should be read together with our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report.




























































277








662








107








499












170








625








799








643












128








878








615








367
















































521








501
















757
































































































031








357








650








004












678








728








125








829












803








170








503








940
















































880








652
















517
































































































429








795








261








609












529








100








768








310












888








912








351








220
















































772








243
















233







 should not be considered replacements for
 or superior to
 GAAP measures and may not be comparable to similarly named measures used by other companies.


































































 plant start-up costs and non-cash share-based compensation. We define Adjusted SG&amp;A as SG&amp;A expenses before depreciation and amortization expense
 non-cash share-based compensation
 launch expense
 fees related to a secondary offering
 leadership transition expenses
 and litigation expense. EBITDA represents net loss plus interest expense (including fees on debt guarantee
 which we believe were at cost of our prior financing agreement akin to interest expense)
 income tax expense
 and depreciation and amortization. Adjusted EBITDA represents EBITDA plus loss on disposal of equipment
 plant start-up expense
 share-based compensation
 warrant fair valuation
 launch expenses
 fees related to a secondary offering
 leadership transition costs and litigation expense.

 when considered with both our U.S. GAAP results and the reconciliation to the closest comparable U.S. GAAP measures
 provide a more complete understanding of our business than could be obtained absent this disclosure. We use the non-GAAP financial measures
 together with U.S GAAP financial measures
 such as net sales
 gross profit margins and cash flow from operations
 to assess our historical and prospective operating performance
 to provide meaningful comparisons of operating performance across periods
 to enhance our understanding of our operating performance and to compare our performance to that of our peers and competitors.


 and other items as detailed below. The non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation or as alternatives to net loss
 income from operations or any other measure of financial performance calculated and prescribed in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Neither EBITDA nor Adjusted EBITDA should be considered a measure of discretionary cash available to us to invest in the growth of our business. Our non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures in other organizations because other organizations may not calculate non-GAAP financial measures in the same manner as we do.

 the non-GAAP financial measures do not reflect:

















the interest expense (including Fees on debt guarantee which we believe were at cost of our prior financing agreement akin to interest expense)
 or the cash requirements necessary to service interest expense or principal payments
 associated with indebtedness;








depreciation and amortization
 which are non-cash charges
 although the assets being depreciated and amortized will likely have to be replaced in the future
 nor any cash requirements for such replacements; and










 Adjusted EBITDA excludes (i) non-cash share-based compensation expense
 which is and will remain a key element of our overall long-term incentive compensation package
 and (ii) certain costs essential to our sales growth and strategy
 including an allowance for marketing expenses for each new store added to our network and non-capitalizable freight costs associated with Freshpet Fridge replacements. Adjusted EBITDA also excludes certain cash charges resulting from matters we consider not to be indicative of our ongoing operations. Other companies in our industry may calculate the non-GAAP financial measures differently than we do
 limiting their usefulness as comparative measures.


The following table provides a reconciliation of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA to net loss
 the most directly comparable financial measur





















































































361








262








161








711








339














































937














068








692








887








574








425














































614




























































080








414








490








376




































































808








438








193








924








564














540








066








813








626








513






























628










































































































































291












































































280








565








654








110








515































































 the Company was obligated to pay each guarantor a contingent fee equal to 10% per annum of the amount each guarantor committed to guarantee. Portions of the proceeds from our IPO and related debt refinancing were used to repay the borrowings under the $62.5 Million Revolver
 relieving us of our future fees on the debt guarantee. Concurrently
 with the closing of the IPO
 the outstanding guarantee fees were converted into shares of our Series C Preferred Stock
 which were then converted into common stock. See our consolidated financial statements and the notes for additional information.














000 for each store added to our distribution network
 as well as the non-capitalized freight costs associated with Freshpet Fridge replacements. The expense enhances the overall marketing spend to support our growing distribution network.







 and additional operating costs incurred in the first quarter of 2014 in connection with the opening of our new primary manufacturing facility in Bethlehem
 Pennsylvania
 which was completed in the fourth quarter of 2013.































The following table provides a reconciliation of Adjusted Gross Profit to Gross Profit
 the most directly comparable financial measure presented in accordance 





















































































990








416








371








649








218














089








791








028








566








454






























628












































































938








450








248








416








519
































































 and additional operating costs incurred in the first quarter of 2014 in connection with the opening of our new primary manufacturing facility in Bethlehem
 Pennsylvania
 which was completed in the fourth quarter of 2013.




 the most directly comparable financial measure presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP:













































































876








167








586








297








299












979








901








859








008








971












949








195








972








723








830












540








066








813








626








513








































































291








































































698








797








651








347








985





























































000 for each store added to our distribution network
 as well as the non-capitalized freight costs associated with Freshpet Fridge replacements. The expense enhances the overall marketing spend to support our growing distribution network.














 as well as changes in estimates associated with leadership transition costs.













 as discussed under &#8212;Recent Developments--Updates to Non-GAAP Metrics.



















































































368








616








878








128








940








503








170








803












520








579








498








491








462








448








448








434
















































































523








266








466








683








470








020








684








277

































































































































































478








572








288








538








323








304








997








544












127








044








964








843








819








768








698








615












002








706








213








028








079








064








163




























015








009
































































































































































































































































261








550








009








879








609








444








461








283




















































































000 for each store added to our distribution network
 as well as the non-capitalized freight costs associated with Freshpet Fridge replacements. The expense enhances the overall marketing spend to support our growing distribution network.














 as well as changes in estimates associated with leadership transition costs.









 we expect to rely on our current and future cash flow from operations
 and our current available borrowing capacity. Our ability to obtain additional funding will be subject to various factors
 including general market conditions
 our operating performance
 the market&#8217;s perception of our growth potential
 lender sentiment and our ability to incur additional debt in compliance with other contractual restrictions
 such as financial covenants under our debt agreements.
Additionally
 our ability to make payments on
 and to refinance
 any indebtedness under our Credit Facilities and to fund any necessary expenditures for our growth will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. If our business does not achieve the levels of profitability or generate the amount of cash that we anticipate or if we expand faster than anticipated
 we may need to seek additional debt or equity financing to operate and expand our business. Future third-party financing may not be available on favorable terms or at all.


Our primary cash needs are for ingredients
 purchases and operating expenses
We believe that cash and cash equivalents
fund debt service requirements
 operating lease obligations
 capital expenditures and working capital obligations for the foreseeable future. However
 our ability to continue to meet these requirements and obligations will depend on
 among other things
r ability to achieve anticipated levels of revenue and cash flow from operations and our ability to manage costs and working capital successfully. Additionally
 our cash flow generation ability is subject to general economic
 financial
 competitive
ative and regulatory factors and other factors that are beyond our control. We cannot assure you that our business will generate cash flow from operations in an amount sufficient to enable us to fund our liquidity needs. Further
ay vary materially from those currently planned if
 for example
 our revenues do not reach expected levels
 or we have to incur unforeseen capital expenditures and make investments to maintain our competitive position. If this is the case
rnative financing
 such as selling additional debt or equity securities
 and we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so on favorable terms
 if at all. Moreover
 if we issue new debt securities
ockholders to make claims on our assets
 and the terms of any debt could restrict our operations
 including our ability to pay dividends on our common stock. If we issue additional equity or convertible debt securities
 dilution
 and such new securities could have rights senior to those of our common stock. These factors may make the timing
 amount
wise require us to forego growth opportunities and could materially adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations.

 for the periods indicated
 our working capital:








































554








184






 net of allowance for doubtful accounts




327








722






 net




317








118










078








201




























166








173










051








519










741








265





Working capital increased $2.4 million to $12.7 million at December 31
 2018 compared with $10.3 million at December 31
 2017. The increase was a result of an increase of cash
 offset by an increase in accrued expenses and decrease in inventory and accounts receivable.

For the year ended December 31
 2018 our capital resources consisted of primarily $7.5 million cash on hand and $30.0 million available under our Credit Facilities. For the year ended December 31
 2017
 our capital resources consisted primarily of $2.2 million cash on hand and $30.0 million available under our Credit Facilities. The Credit Facilities will mature in September 2020.&nbsp;&nbsp;

 all of which was repaid prior to the end of the year. There was no debt outstanding under the Credit Facilities as of December 31
 2018.


The following table sets forth
 for the periods indicated
 our beginning balance of cash
 net cash flows provided by operating
 investing and financing activities and























































184








908








029










575








270








800










274








004








689










069








010








768










554








184








909






 loss on disposal of equipment
 depreciation and amortization
 share-based compensation
 deferred financing costs and loan discounts and the fair valuation of warrants).










$15.9 million of net income adjusted for reconciling non-cash items
 which excludes $21.2 million of non-cash items primarily related to $14.1 million in depreciation and amortization and $6.8 million in share-based compensation.  








$3.0 million decrease in working capital due to an increase in accrued expenses and accounts payable
 as well as a decrease in inventory and accounts receivable. This activity reflects the timing of expenditures and the related payments of cash
 and timing of production versus sales. 





















$14.0 million of net income adjusted for reconciling non-cash items
 which excludes $18.3 million of non-cash items primarily relating to $12.7 million of depreciation and amortization and $4.4 million of share-based compensation. 









$3.7 million increase in working capital due to an increase in&nbsp;&nbsp;inventory
 accounts receivable
 and other current assets
 partially offset by an increase in accrued expenses and accounts payable. The growth in accounts receivable is primarily due to growth in net sales. The increase in inventory is a result of timing of sales in December year-over-year as well as manufacturing of certain new items towards the end of the fourth quarter of 2017 that reached retailers in January and February of 2018. The increase in accrued expenses and accounts payable was due to timing of payments
 including $2.1 million related to accrued compensation.










$11.2 million of net income adjusted for reconciling non-cash items
 which excludes $14.3 million of non-cash items primarily relating to $9.9 million of depreciation and amortization and $4.2 million of share-based compensation. 










accrued expenses
 as well as a decrease in inventory
 pa
 and timing of production versus sales. 































































$20.8 million capital expenditures related to the Freshpet Kitchens
 of which $17.6 million relates to the Freshpet Kitchens expansion and $3.2 million relates to recurring capital expenditures.











































































































































 we amended our Credit Facilities (as amended and restated
 the &#8220;New Loan Agreement&#8221;) to replace our Term Facility and Capex Commitments of $30.0 million and $10.0 million Revolving Facility with a straight $30.0 million revolver (the &#8220;New Revolving Facility&#8221;) and the ability to increase the New Revolving Facility by an additional $10.0 million. The New Revolving Facility will mature in September 2020 and borrowings thereunder bear interest at variable rates depending on the Company&#8217;s election
 either at a base rate or at the London Interbank Offered Rate (&#8220;LIBOR&#8221;)
 in each case
 plus an applicable margin. Subject to the Company&#8217;s leverage ratio
 the applicable margin will vary between 0.75% and 1.25% for base rate loans and 1.75% and 2.25% for LIBOR loans. The amendment resulted in a reduction in the unused rate of between 25 and 75 basis points and a reduction in the total rate of between 200 and 250 basis points.

 subject to customary exceptions. The New Loan Agreement includes various covenants
 including financial covenants
 that
 among other things
 restrict
 subject to certain exceptions
 the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to: incur additional indebtedness; create or incur liens; engage in mergers or consolidations; sell
 transfer or otherwise dispose of assets; make voluntary prepayments to subordinated debt; permit a change of control; pay dividends and distributions; make investments; and enter into certain transactions with affiliates. The New Loan Agreement also includes event of default provisions that are customary for facilities of this type.

 2018
 the Company borrowed $6.0 million under our Revolving Credit Facility
 offset by repayments of $6.0 million. The Company was in compliance with all covenants in the New Loan Agreement and had no outstanding debt as of December 31
 2018 and December 31
 2017.

 $0.5 million and $0.7 million for the years ended December 31
 2018
 2017 and 2016
 respectively. There was less than $0.1 million of accrued interest on the Credit Facilities as of December 31
 2018 and 2017.




 2018:


































































384








476








297








365








246












941












































363
































382












688








936








966








158








628






 which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
 or GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 as well as the revenue and expenses incurred during the reported periods. On an ongoing basis
 we evaluate our estimates and judgments
 including those related to accrued expenses and share-based compensation. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances
 the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not apparent from other sources. Changes in estimates are reflected in reported results for the period in which they become known. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.

 we believe that the following critical accounting policies are most important to understanding and evaluating our reported financial results.

 and the reported amounts of net sales and expenses during the reporting period.

 as these policies related to the more significant areas involving management&#8217;s judgments and estimates. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results
 as determined at a later date
 could differ from those estimates. To the extent that there are differences between our estimate and the actual results
 our future financial statement presentation
 financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows will be affected.

&#8212;We account for income taxes under the asset and liability method in accordance with authoritative guidance for income taxes. We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis and operating loss
 and tax credit carry forwards. We measure deferred tax assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recorded or settled. We recognize the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates in income in the period that includes the enactment date.

 2018
 we had federal NOL carryforwards of approximately $183.3 million
 of which $175.0 million
 generated in 2017 and prior
 expire at various dates between 2025 and 2037.  We may be subject to the NOL utilization provisions of Section&#160;382 of the Code. The effect of an ownership change would be the imposition of an annual limitation on the use of NOL carryforwards attributable to periods before the change. The amount of the annual limitation depends upon our value immediately before the ownership change
 changes to our capital during a specified period prior to the change and the federal published interest rate. Although we have not completed a Code Section&#160;382 analysis
 if we were to undergo an ownership change it is likely that the utilization of the NOLs will be substantially limited.


A valuation allowance is appropriate when management believes it is more likely than not
ember&#160;31
 2018
 we determined that a valuation allowance of 100% is deemed appropriate.
&#8212; In the first quarter of 2018
 we adopted Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). ASU 2014-09
 as amended
 replaced most existing revenue recognition guidance in U.S. GAAP. This new guidance requires judgments and estimates in implementing its five-step process to be followed in determining the amount and timing of revenue recognition and related disclosures.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company applies judgment in the determination of the amount of consideration the Company receives. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for transferring goods. Revenue the Company recognizes varies with changes in trade incentives the Company offers to its customers and their consumers. Trade incentives consist primarily of customer pricing allowances and merchandising funds
 and consumer coupons are offered through various programs to customers and consumers. Estimates of trade promotion expense and coupon redemption costs are based upon programs offered
 timing of those offers
 estimated redemption/usage rates from historical performance
 management&#8217;s experi
We account for all share-based compensation payments issued to employees
 directors and nonemployees using a fair value method. Accordingly
 share-based compensation expense is measured based on the estimated fair value of the awards on the date of grant. We recognize compensation expense for the portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest over the period during which the recipient renders the required services to us using the straight-line single option method.


 we reassess the probability of achieving the performance criteria and the performance period required to meet those targets. Determining whether the performance criteria will be achieved involves judgment
 and the estimate of share-based compensation expense may be revised periodically based on changes in the probability of achieving the performance criteria. Revisions are reflected in the period in which the estimate is changed. If performance goals are not met
 no share-based compensation expense is recognized for the cancelled shares
 and
 to the extent share-based compensation expense was previously recognized for those cancelled shares
 such share-based compensation expense is reversed.


 see Note 2 (Recently Issued Accounting Standards) to our audited consolidated financial statements included in this report.


 marketing and distribution of pet food and pet treats for dogs and cats.


 among other things
 on our ability to anticipate and react to changes in the costs of key operating resources
 including food and other raw materials
 labor
 energy and other supplies and services. Substantial increases in costs and expenses could impact our operating results to the extent that such increases cannot be passed along to our customers. The impact of inflation on food
 labor and energy costs can significantly affect the profitability of our Company.
While we have been able to offset inflation and other changes in the costs of key operating resources through price increases
 productivity improvements and greater economies of scale
 there can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to do so in the future. From time to time
 competitive conditions could limit our pricing flexibility. In addition
 










 which bears interest at variable rates. During the year ended December 31
 2018
 we borrowed $6.0 million under our Credit Facilities
 and all was repaid as of December 31
 2018. A change in interest rates of 100 basis points would cause a $0.1 million increase or decrease in annual interest expense for every $10.0 million in borrowings.


 therefore
 subject to price volatility caused by weather
 market conditions and other factors which are not considered predictable or within our control. In many cases
 we believe we will be able to address material commodity cost increases by either increasing prices or reducing operating expenses. However
 increases in commodity prices
 without adjustments to pricing or reduction to operating expenses
 could increase our operating costs as a percentage of our net sales.





 INC. 














































Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December&#160;31
 2018 and 2016



















Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December&#160;31
 2018
 2017
 and 2016



















Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders&#8217; Equity (Deficit) for the years ended December&#160;31
 2018
 2017
 and 2016



















Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December&#160;31
 2018
 2017
 and 2016



































Freshpet
 Inc.:


subsidiaries (the Company) as of December&#160;31
 2018 and 2017
 the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss
 changes in stockholders&#8217; equity
 and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December&#160;31
 2018
 and the related notes (collectively
 the consolidated financial statements). We also have audited the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting as of December&#160;31
 2018
 based on criteria established in 

 the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of December&#160;31
 2018 and 2017
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December&#160;31
 2018
 in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion
 the Company maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of December&#160;31
 2018 based on criteria established in 


 the Company changed its method of accounting for revenue recognition effective January 1
 2018 due to the adoption of Accounting Standard Update (ASU) 2014-019 and all related amendments
 which established the Accounting Standard Codification (ASC) Topic 606
 Revenue&#8212;Revenue from Contracts with Customers.


 for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting
 and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
 included in the accompanying 

 whether due to error or fraud
 and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 

 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.




 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2)&#160;provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3)&#160;provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the company&#8217;s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.





 2019



FRESHPET
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 



















































































554
388








184
259






 net of allowance for doubtful accounts




326
703








721
521






 net




317
232








118
394










078
232








200
834










550








960










958
105








957
968






 plant and equipment
 net




094
248








598
639










730
176








370
922










182
329








972
805










964
858








900
334














































166
412








173
169










050
551








519
348










216
963








692
517










420








839










490
383








997
356
























 $0.001 par value
 200
000
000 shares authorized
 35
556
595 issued and 35
542
426 outstanding on December&#160;31
 2018
 and 35
132
548 issued and outstanding on December 31
 2017




556








132










079
437








783
195










352
682








991
478










610








129






 at cost &#8212; 14
169 shares on December&#160;31
 2018 and no shares on December 31
 2017




226


















474
475








902
978










964
858








900
334











 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 














































237
462








359
487








706
613












247
223








943
569








335
730












990
239








415
918








370
883






 GENERAL
 AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES






875
776








167
168








585
833












885
537








751
250








214
950


































 net






337








404








850












234








492








119












571








435
896








969












284
108








187
146








094
919












096








195








754












361
204








262
341








160
673












361
204








262
341








160
673








































739








129




















739








129




















468
943








186
212








160
673




























































































































329
170








487
239








674
416












329
170








487
239








674
416











 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 






































































































 DECEMBER 31
 2015




536
940








537








484
986








568
463
































950
060










710
















767
570








































767
995


























225
149








































225
149


































160
673
































160
673






 DECEMBER 31
 2016




961
650








961








477
706








729
136
































782
531










073
788








074








279
387








































280
460










183


































































927
















981








































019


























438
181








































438
181










































129
























129


































262
341
































262
341






 DECEMBER 31
 2017




132
548








132








783
195








991
478








129
























902
978










464
















324
847








































325
196










583








































169








226








226


























971
470








































971
470










































739
























739


































361
204
































361
204






 December 31
 2018




556
595








556








079
437








352
682








610








169








226








474
475











FRESHPET
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
















































































361
204








262
341








160
673




































222








348








164










159








716








531










807
620








438
181








193
490


















628








077










295








898








944










068
037








692
355








887
168










103








534








272




































040








852
079








850
907










867








007
557








568
656






 other non-trade receivables and other current assets




012








427








020










533








135








059










237








682
094








854










531
203








988
209








256
582










419








839


















575
195








270
263








799
863




















































250
000






 plant and equipment
 software and deposits on equipment




274
036








003
756








952
536


























442










274
036








003
756








689
094












































885


















325
196








280
460








767
995










226


























000
000








500
000








000
000










000
000








500
000








000
000










068
970








009
575








767
995










370
129








723
918








121
236






 BEGINNING OF YEAR




184
259








908
177








029
413






 END OF PERIOD




554
388








184
259








908
177




































273








885








945










419








280








277
































 plant and equipment purchases in accounts payable




641








006
178








404
550


















019












































 INC. &#160;AND SUBSIDIARIES



 &#8211; Freshpet
 Inc. (hereafter referred to as &#8220;Freshpet&#8221; or the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 a Delaware corporation
 manufactures and markets natural fresh
 refrigerated meals and treats for dogs and cats. The Company&#8217;s products are distributed throughout the United States and other international markets into major retail classes including Grocery and Mass (which includes club)
 and Online
 as well as Pet Specialty
 and Natural retail. 



 &#8211; The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
 as determined at a later date
 could differ from those estimates. 


The Company at times holds interest-bearing certificates of deposits with financial institutions with maturities ranging from three months to one year. Certificates of deposit are classified as short-term investments and interest is recorded as other expenses
 net. Historically
 interest income has not been material. The Company will continue to monitor interest income and will disclose separately if significant.
 &#8211; The Company records trade accounts receivable at net realizable value. This value includes an appropriate allowance for estimated uncollectible accounts. On a periodic basis
 the Company evaluates its accounts receivable and establishes an allowance for doubtful accounts based on its history of write-offs and collections and current credit conditions. Accounts receivable are written off when management deems them to be uncollectible. 
 &#8211; Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market
 using the first-in
 first-out method. When necessary
 the Company provides allowances to adjust the carrying value of its inventories to the lower of cost or net realizable value
 including any costs to sell or dispose and consideration for obsolescence
 excessive inventory levels
 product deterioration and other factors in evaluating net realizable value. 


 plant and equipment are recorded at cost. The Company provides for depreciation on the straight-line method by charges to income at rates based upon estimated recovery periods of 7 years for furniture and office equipment
 5 years for automotive equipment
 9 years for refrigeration equipment
 5 to 10 years for machinery and equipment
 and 15 to 39 years for building and improvements. Capitalized cost includes the costs incurred to bring the property
 plant and equipment to the condition and location necessary for its intended use
 which includes any necessary delivery
 electrical and installation cost for equipment. Maintenance and repairs that do not extend the useful life of the assets over two years are charged to expense as incurred. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the term of the related lease or the estimated useful lives on the straight-line method. 
 &#8211; The Company evaluates all long-lived assets for impairment. Long-lived assets are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to estimated undiscounted future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated undiscounted future net cash flows
 an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. Recoverability of assets held for sale is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset or asset group to their fair value less estimated costs to sell. Estimating future cash flows and calculating fair value of assets requires significant estimates and assumptions by management. If the carrying amount is not fully recoverable
 an impairment loss is recognized to reduce the carry amount to fair value and is charged to expense in the period of impairment. 



 INC. &#160;AND SUBSIDIARIES

&#8211; The Company provides for deferred income taxes for temporary differences between financial and income tax reporting
ards
 depreciation
 and share-based compensation. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. 

 the deferred tax asset will not be realized. At December&#160;31
 2018
 and 2017
 the Company determined that a valuation allowance of 100% is appropriate. 
&#160;&#8211; The Company may purchase or withhold shares of stock to satisfy statutory employee tax obligations upon the issuance of restricted stock units to employees. Such repurchased or withheld shares are treated as treasury stock and carried at cost on the Consolidated Balance Sheet in Stockholders&#8217; equity. During the twelve months ended December 31
 2018
 the Company accumulated $0.3 million of treasury stock related to employee tax withholdings.


 &#8211; Advertising costs are expensed when incurred
 with the exception of production costs which are expensed the first time advertising takes place. Advertising costs
 consisting primarily of media ads
 were $29
436
157
 $22
127
170
 and $15
374
392
 in 2018
 2017
 and 2016
 respectively. As of December 31
 2018 and 2017 we had $255
749 and $244
079
 respectively
 of production cost in prepaid expense
 representing advertising that had yet to take place.
 &#8211; Costs incurred for shipping and handling are included in selling
 general
 and administrative expenses within the statement of operations and comprehensive loss. Shipping and handling costs primarily consist of costs associated with moving finished products to customers
 including costs associated with our distribution center and the cost of shipping products to customers through third-party carriers. Shipping and handling cost totaled $15
886
195
 $12
892
928
 and $11
202
392 for the years ended December 31
 2018
 2017
 and 2016
 respectively. 
Research and development costs consist of expenses to develop and test new products.&nbsp;&nbsp;The costs are expensed as incurred. Research and development costs totaled $486
797
 $284
574 and $470
150 for the years ended December 31
 2018
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.
 &#8211; The Company recognizes share-based compensation based on the value of the portion of share-based payment awards that is ultimately expected to vest during the period. Share-based compensation expense recognized in the statement of operations included compensation expense for share-based payment awards granted subsequent to December 31
 2006
 based on the grant date fair value estimated. Share awards are amortized under the straight-line method over the requisite service period of the entire award. Upon the adoption of ASU 2016-09
 the Company no longer estimates expected forfeitures but accounts for forfeitures as they occur.

 or the fair value of the equity instruments issued
 whichever is more reliably measurable. 
 &#8211; Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) guidance specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based on whether the inputs to those valuation techniques are observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources
 while unobservable inputs reflect market assumptions. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurement) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurement). 


















Level 2 &#8211; Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly (e.g.
 quoted prices of similar assets or liabilities in active markets
 or quoted prices for identical 



 INC. &#160;AND SUBSIDIARIES

















Level 3 &#8211; Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. Financial instruments are considered Level 3 when their fair values are determined using pricing models
 discounted cash flows or similar techniques and at least one significant model assumption or input is unobservable. 

 other receivables
 accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate their fair value based on the short-term maturity of these instruments. The warrant liability is recorded at fair value with changes in fair value reflected in the statement of operations and comprehensive loss. 

 2018
 the Company only maintained Level 1 assets and liabilities.






 the Financial Accounting Standard Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) issued ASU No. 2014-09
 &#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers
&#8221; (Topic 606). Under the ASU and subsequently issued amendments
 revenue is recognized at the time a good or service is transferred to a customer for the amount of consideration received.

 or modified retrospectively with the cumulative effect of applying the guidance as of the date of initial application (the cumulative catch-up transition method).


 as shown in the table below:

























 2017






 2016




















































379
210








019
724








359
487








053
517








346
905








706
613












963
292








019
724








943
569








682
634








346
905








335
730












415
918
















415
918








370
883
















370
883







 which occurs once control is transferred upon delivery to the customer. R

Trade incentives consists primarily of customer pricing allowances and merchandising funds
 and consumer coupons are offered through various programs to customers and consumers. Estimates of trade promotion expense and coupon redemption costs are based upon programs offered
 timing of those offers
 estimated redemption/usage rates from historical performance
 management&#8217;s experience and current economic trends.
ales taxes and other similar taxes are excluded from revenue. Costs associated with shipping and handling activities
 such as merchandising
 are included in SG&amp;A expenses as revenue is recognized.

 2018 and 2017.



 INC. &#160;AND SUBSIDIARIES














































































 Mass and Club






506
192








412
005








074
617












731
270








947
482








631
996












237
462








359
487








706
613






applicability and impact of all Accounting Standards Updates (ASUs) issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB). ASUs not listed below were assessed and determined to be either not applicable or are expected to have minimal impact on our consolidated results of operations
 financial position and cash flows (consolidated financial statements).
In February 2016
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02 (Topic 842) Leases. Topic 842 supersedes the lease requirements in Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 840
 Leases. Under Topic 842
n July 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-11
&#160;Leases (ASC 842):&#160;Targeted Improvements
We will adopt Topic 842 effective January 1
 2019 using a modified retrospective method and will not restate comparative periods. As permitted under the transition guidance
 we will carry forward the assessment of whether our contracts contain or are leases
 classification of our leases and remaining lease terms. 

In the fourth quarter of 2018
 we continued our analysis of contractual arrangements that may qualify as leases under the new standard. We currently expect the most significant impact of this new guidance will be the recognition of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for our operating leases of office space. Refer to Note (16) where we disclose aggregate minimum future payments under these arrangements of&#160;$12 million&#160;at the end of 2018.


 quantify all impacts of this new guidance
 and evaluate related disclosures. We must also implement any necessary changes/modifications to processes
 accounting systems
 and internal controls.

















































784
233








471
498












138
091








616












442
338








105
425












364
662








381
539












430








145












317
232








118
394









 INC. &#160;AND SUBSIDIARIES

Note 4 &#8211; Property
 Plant and Equipment: 














































567
389








489
454












800
479








558
838






 Land
 and Improvements






606
013








543
568












884
945








404
735












770








661












496








496












769
268








763
894












341
360








455
646












247
112








857
007












094
248








598
639





 plant and equipment totaled approximately $13
781
310
 $12
441
468 and $9
708
012 for the years ended December&#160;31
 2018
 2017 and 2016
 respectively; of which $6
088
788
 $5
791
459 and $4
028
022 was recorded in cost of goods sold for 2018
&#160;2017 and 2016
 respectively; with the remainder of depreciation and amortization expense being recorded to selling
 general and administrative expense.































































































096








195








754










096








195








754









































































 net of federal








































































































































































In assessing the realizability of the net deferred tax assets
 the Company considers all relevant positive and negative evidence to determine whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred income tax assets will not be realized. The realization of the gross deferred tax assets is dependent on several factors
 including the generation of sufficient taxable income prior to the expiration of the net operating loss carryforwards. The Company believes that it is 



 INC. &#160;AND SUBSIDIARIES

more likely than not that the Company&#8217;s deferred income tax assets will not be realized. The Company has experienced taxable losses from inception. As such
 there is a full valuation allowance against the net deferred tax assets as of December&#160;31
 201








































831
214








484
665












155
279








994












688
332








635
268












733








480












849
894








765
871

























At December&#160;31
 2018
 the Company had federal net operating loss (&#8220;NOL&#8221;) carryforwards of $183
279
120
 of which $174
951
283
 generated in 2017 and prior
 will expire between 2025 and 2037. The NOL generated in 2018 of $8
327
837 will have an indefinite carryforward. The Company may be subject to the net operating loss utilization provisions of Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. The effect of an ownership change would be the imposition of an annual limitation on the use of NOL carry forwards attributable to periods before the change. The amount of the annual limitation depends upon the value of the Company immediately before the change
 changes to the Company&#8217;s capital during a specified period prior to the change
ederal published interest rate. Although we have not completed an analysis under Section 382 of the Code
 it is likely that the utilization of the NOLs will be limited.&nbsp;&nbsp;At December&#160;31
 2018
 the Company had $147
213
483 of State NOLs which expire between 2018 and 2038
 and had $3
459
760 of foreign NOLs which do not expire.&nbsp;&nbsp;

 measure
 recognize and disclose any uncertain income tax provisions taken on their income tax returns. The Company has analyzed its tax positions and has concluded that as of December 31
 2018
The Company&#8217;s U.S. federal and state net operating losses have occurred since its inception in 2005 and as such
 tax years subject to potential tax examination could apply from that date because the utilization of net operating losses from prior years opens the relevant year to audit by the IRS and/or state taxing authorities.&nbsp;&nbsp;Interest and penalties
 if any
 as they relate to income taxes assessed
 are included in the income tax provision. The Company did not have any unrecognized tax benefits and has not accrued any interest or penalties through 2018.








































538
226








401
139












688
332








635
268












849
894








765
871


























 2017
 the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the &#8220;2017 Tax Act&#8221;) was signed into law making significant changes to the Internal Revenue Code. Changes included
 but were not limited to
 a federal corporate tax rate decrease from 34% to 21% for tax years beginning after December 31
 2017
 which resulted in a reduction of approximately $18.9 million for the deferred tax assets related to net operating losses and other assets
 the transition of U.S. international taxation from a worldwide tax system to a territorial system
 and a one-time transition tax on the mandatory deemed repatriation of foreign earnings. The 2017 Tax Act had no impact on tax expense primarily due to us maintaining a full valuation allowance against our net deferred tax assets.


 to the extent an adjustment to the deferred tax asset is required the impact will be offset by a corresponding adjustment to the valuation allowance.



 INC. &#160;AND SUBSIDIARIES

















































276
552








902
688












401
762








371
940












567








235












733








959












681








997












500








000




















711












756








818












050
551








519
348








 we amended our Credit Facilities (as amended and restated
 the &#8220;New Loan Agreement&#8221;) to replace our Term Facility and Capex Commitments of $30.0 million and $10.0 million Revolving Facility with a straight $30.0 million revolver (the &#8220;New Revolving Facility&#8221;) and the ability to increase the New Revolving Facility by an additional $10.0 million. The New Revolving Facility will mature in September 2020 and borrowings thereunder bear interest at variable rates depending on the Company&#8217;s election
 either at a base rate or at the London Interbank Offered Rate (&#8220;LIBOR&#8221;)
 in each case
 plus an applicable margin. Subject to the Company&#8217;s leverage ratio
 the applicable margin will vary between 0.75% and 1.25% for base rate loans and 1.75% and 2.25% for LIBOR loans. The amendment resulted in a reduction in the unused rate of between 25 and 75 basis points and a reduction in the total rate of between 200 and 250 basis points.

 subject to customary exceptions. The New Loan Agreement includes various covenants
 including financial covenants
 that
 among other things
 restrict
 subject to certain exceptions
 the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to: incur additional indebtedness; create or incur liens; engage in mergers or consolidations; sell
 transfer or otherwise dispose of assets; make voluntary prepayments to subordinated debt; permit a change of control; pay dividends and distributions; make investments; and enter into certain transactions with affiliates. The New Loan Agreement also includes event of default provisions that are customary for facilities of this type.

 2017
 the Company borrowed $7.5 million under our Credit Facilities
 partially offset by repayments of short-term borrowing of $14.5 million
 and debt issuance costs of $0.3 million. During the year ended December 31
 2018
 the Company borrowed $6.0 million under our Revolving Credit Facility
 offset by repayments of $6.0 million. The Company had no outstanding debt as of December 31
 2018 and December 31
 2017. Interest expense and fees totaled $0.2 million
 $0.5 million
 and $0.7 million for the years ended December 31
 2018
 2017
 and 2016
 respectively. There was less than $0.1 million of accrued interest on the Credit Facilities as of December 31
 2018 and 2017.



&#8211; The Company&#8217;s obligations include leases for office space under non-cancelable operating leases
 manufacturing processing and utility servicing that expire at various dates through January&#160;1
 2033.

045
 $480
349
 and $473
853 for the years ended December 31
 2018
 2017
 and 2016
 respectively. 



 INC. &#160;AND SUBSIDIARIES



 2018
 future minimum payments due under lease obligations for the next five years were as follows: 













































475
761












626
179












671
003












664
510












700
539












246
015












384
007






 2018
 future minimum payments due under manufacturing and service obligations for the next five years were as follows:













































635












347












099












678












817












382
360












304
936








 and in consideration thereof
 the Company issued to a bank a warrant to purchase up to an aggregate of 61
117 shares of voting common stock of the Company at a purchase price of $6.28 per share. The warrant was recorded as a liability with adjustments to fair value recorded in the statement of operations. 

 on a net basis
 such that
 without the exchange of any funds
 such holder purchased that number of shares otherwise issuable upon exercise of its warrant less that number of shares having a current market price at the time of exercise equal to the aggregate exercise price that would otherwise have been paid by such holder upon the exercise of the warrant.
Upon conversion
 the fair value of the warrant of $588
019 was recorded to additional paid in capital and common stock. During the year ended December&#160;31
 2017
 prior to conversion
 the Company recorded expense of $334
628 in the statement of operations.

Total compensation cost for share-based payments recognized for the years ended December&#160;31
 2018
 2017
 and 2016 was approximately $6
807
620
 $4
438
181
 and $4
225
149
 respectively. Cost of goods sold the year ended December&#160;31
 2018
 2017
 and 2016 included share-based compensation of approximately $859
133
 $243
063
 and 



 INC. &#160;AND SUBSIDIARIES

221
559
 respectively. Selling
 general
December&#160;31
 2018
 
5
948

4
195
118
 and $3
971
930
163
 during the year ended December 31
 2018
approximately $31
he year ended December 31
 2016.

&#8212;In December 2006
 the Company approved the 2006 Stock Plan (the &#8220;2006 Plan&#8221;) under which options to purchase approximately 624
223 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock were granted to employees and affiliates of the Company. These options are time-based (vest over five years). Certain option awards provide for accelerated vesting if there is a change in control (as defined in the 2006 Plan). At December&#160;31
 2018
 there were zero shares available for grant as the plan is frozen. 
&#8212;In December 2010
 the Company approved the 2010 Stock Plan (the &#8220;2010 Plan&#8221;) under which options to purchase approximately 2
146
320 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock were granted to employees and affiliates of the Company (in 2012
 the 2010 Plan was amended to allow for option to purchase approximately 2
220
280 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock). These options are either time-based (vest over four years)
 performance-based (vest when performance targets are met
 as defined in the stock option grant agreement)
 or vest at the occurrence of an exit event which is defined as a Change of Control in the Company
 as defined in the stock grant agreement. 

 the Company modified 419
366 of its performance-based awards to time-based awards that vest over two years. At the time of the December 2016 modification the performance-based awards&#8217; vesting criteria was not considered probable. All modified awards were fair valued on the modification date. As of December 31
 2016
 the vesting of any remaining performance-based awards which were not modified in December 2016 were not considered probable of vesting and accordingly the Company has not recognized the related compensation expense.

&#8212;In November 2014
 the Company approved the 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the &#8220;2014 Plan&#8221;) under which 1
479
200 shares of common stock may be issued or used for reference purposes as awards granted under the 2014 Plan. In September 2016
 the 2014 Plan was amended to allow for the granting of an additional 2
500
000 shares of common stock to be issued or used for reference purposes as awards granted
 for a total of 3
979
200 shares. These awards may be in the form of stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock
 as well as other share-based and cash-based awards. As of December 31
 2018
 the awards granted were either time-based (cliff vest over three years)
 performance-based (vest when performance targets are met
 as defined in the stock option grant agreement)
 or restricted stock units (employee RSUs cliff vest over three years and non-employee director RSUs cliff vest over one year).

 2018
 there were 1
732
379 shares of common stock available to be issued or used for reference purposes under the 2014 Plan. 
&#8212;During the year ended December 31
 2016
 500
000 service period stock options and 500
000 performance-based stock options were granted to the Company&#8217;s CEO as an inducement under the NASDAQ Marketplace Rules. Under the terms of the agreement
 the grant is governed as if issued under the 2014 Omnibus Plan. As of December 31
 2016
 the awards granted were time-based (cliff vest over four years) and performance-based (vest when performance targets are met
 as defined in the stock option grant agreement).



 INC. &#160;AND SUBSIDIARIES

December&#160;31
 2018


































 2017






030
266




































366


































494




































157






























 2018






793
981
























029
245






 2018






110
938
























881
315






 2018 were in-the-money
 which account for the entire aggregate intrinsic value. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December&#160;31
 2018
 2017
 and 2016 were $7
315
845
 $8
081
050
 and $1
467
076
 respectively.

 2018
 and changes during the year ended December&#160;31
 2018
 is presented below:





















 2017






352
417




















366




















583




















157














 2018






043


































 2018
 there was $2
671
816 of total unrecognized compensation costs related to non-vested service period options
 of which $1
733
469 will be incurred in 2019
 $874
360 will be incurred in 2020
 and the remaining $63
987 will be incurred in 2021.
Performance based option vesting is contingent upon the Company achieving certain annual or cumulative revenue or Adjusted EBITDA goals. A summary of performance-based stock options outstanding and changes under the plans during the year ended December&#160;31
 2018 is presented below:

































 2017






154
393




































707




































970




































384






























 2018






275
746
























306
420






 2018






536
























214
118







 INC. &#160;AND SUBSIDIARIES




 2018
 and changes during the year ended December&#160;31
 2018
 is presented below: 





















 2017






115
140




















707




















253




















384














 2018






223
210















As of December 31
 2018
 unrecognized compensation costs related to the 786
511 performance-based awards for which the achievement of the vesting criteria is considered probable as of December 31
 2018 have performance target dates ranging from December 31
 2019 through December 31
 2021. There was approximately $2
440
062 of total unrecognized compensation costs related to non-vested performance-based options for which the achievement of the vesting criteria is considered probable as of December 31
 2018
 of which $1
218
613 will be incurred in 2019
 and the remaining $1
221
449 will be incurred in 2020. 
The following table includes activity related to outstanding restricted stock units during the twelve months ended December 31
 2018.





















 2017






240




















196




















583


































 2018






979













As of December 31
 2018
 there was approximately $3
099
045 of total unrecognized compensation costs related to restricted stock units
 of which $1
464
774 will be incurred in 2019
 $1
102
101 will be incurred in 2020
 and $532
170 will be incurred in 2021.
&#8212;The weighted average grant date fair value of options (service period options and performance based options) granted during the years ended December&#160;31
 2018
 2017
 and 2016 were $14.27
 $6.06 and $5.09&#160;per share
 respectively. 

&#8212;The Company determined the expected term based on the &#8220;shortcut method&#8221; described in FASB ASC 718
 Compensation&#8212;

&#8212;The Company has not historically declared dividends
 and no future dividends are expected to be available to benefit option holders. Accordingly
 the Company used an expected dividend yield of zero in the valuation model. 



 INC. &#160;AND SUBSIDIARIES







































































































































































 due to the fact that potentially dilutive securities would have an antidilutive effect as the Company incurred a net loss for the years ended December&#160;31
 2018
 2017 and 2016.


 2018
 2017
 and 2016
 there were no reconciling items between Net Loss/Income and Net Loss attributable to common stockholders.

 as their effect is antidilutive
 are as follows: 























































018
050








559
532








299
468












591








150








439












536








253




































117












284
177








746
935








426
024







 subject to certain limitations. Company contributions totaled approximately $788
199 in 2018
 $594
627 in 2017
 and $497
731 in 2016. 



 one of the Company&#8217;s raw material vendors was purchased by a significant stockholder of the Company.&#160;The purchase of the vendor by the stockholder
 has had no impact on the cadence or amount of the raw materials that the Company has purchased from the vendor.&#160;Since the acquisition of the vendor
 the Company has purchased approximately $650
000 of raw

&#8212;The Company maintains its cash balances in financial institutions that are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250
000 each. At times
 such balances may be in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. 



 INC. &#160;AND SUBSIDIARIES


 
 and 
 net sales to one of our distributors which sells directly to three of our customers
%
%
% of our net sales
 and 2016
 no customers accounted for 10% of our net sales
 w
mber 31
 2018 one distributor and two customers accounted for 11%
spectively
 As of December 31
 customers accounted for 19%
 19% and 10%
 respectively
&nbsp;&nbsp;of our account receivable.
&#8212;The Company purchased approximately 17% of its raw materials from one vendor during 2018
 approximately 24% of its raw materials from one vendor during 2017
 and approximately 23% of its raw materials from one vendor during 2016. 

 the Company also purchased approximately 99% of its finished goods from three vendors in 2018
 approximately 88% from three vendors in 2017
 and approximately 89% from four vendors in 2016. 

 91% of its packaging material from three vendors during 2017
 and approximately 84% of its packaging material from three vendors during 2016. 



 2018
 2017
 and 2016 were as follows:
















































































169
601








624
956








799
601








643
303












409
926








409
631








639








890
379












520
937








500
519








165








757
418












520
937








500
519








165








757
418
























































































































677
571








728
364








125
006








828
546












740
471








827
121








024








617
318












879
525








652
162








548








514
895












879
525








652
162








548








514
895
























































































































528
837








099
518








767
826








310
430












599
195








974
942








196








550
989












771
802








243
002








730








233
400












771
802








243
002








730








233
400


























































































&#8221; as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act
 that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported
 within the time periods specified in the SEC&#8217;s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include
 without limitation
 controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company&#8217;s management
 including its principal executive and principal financial officers
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

 with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer
 evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December&#160;31
 2018. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December&#160;31
 2018
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that
 as of such date
 our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 






 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Based on this assessment
 management concluded that as of December 31
 2018
 the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting was effective.


 which is included herein under Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.


 2018 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.

Our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 believes that our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and are effective at the reasonable assurance level. However
 our management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further
 the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
 and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision making can be faulty
 and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally
 controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons
 by collusion of two or more people or by management override of 



the controls. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events
s stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time
 controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
ve control system
 misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 














ITEM&#160;10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 











ITEM&#160;13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
































































Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s Registration on Form S-8 filed on December 12
 2014)







Certificate of Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Freshpet
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 21
 2017)







Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s Registration on Form S-8 filed on December 12
 2014)







Third Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement by and among Freshpet
 Inc. as Borrower
 the lenders that are signatories hereto as the Lenders
 and City National Bank
 together with its successors and assigns as the Arranger and Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 7
 2017)







Freshpet
 Inc. 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on December 12
 2014)







Professor Connor&#8217;s
 Inc. 2010 Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s Registration on Form S-8 filed on December 12
 2014)







Professor Connor&#8217;s
 Inc. 2006 Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s Registration on Form S-8 filed on December 12
 2014)







Form of Restricted Stock Agreement Pursuant to the Freshpet
 Inc. 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 2 to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 27
 2014)







Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement Pursuant to the Freshpet
 Inc. 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 2 to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 27
 2014)







Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement Pursuant to the Freshpet
 Inc. 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 2 to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 27
 2014)







Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement Pursuant to the Freshpet
 Inc. 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 2 to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 27
 2014)







Form of Stock Appreciation Rights Agreement Pursuant to the Freshpet
 Inc. 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 2 to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 27
 2014)







Form of Freshpet
 Inc. Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy (incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 3 to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on November 4
 2014)







Form of Employment Agreement between Scott Morris and Freshpet
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 3 to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on November 4
 2014)







Form of Employment Agreement between Cathal Walsh and Freshpet
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 3 to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on November 4
 2014)







Form of Indemnification Agreement between Freshpet
 Inc. and each of its directors and executive officers (incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 3 to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on November 4
 2014)







Form of Second Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement (incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 3 to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on November 4
 2014)




















Separation and Consulting Agreement
 dated as of March 9
 2016
 by and between Freshpet
 Inc. and Richard Thompson (incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on March 9
 2016)







Employment Agreement
 dated as of July 27
 2016
 by and between Freshpet
 Inc. and William B. Cyr (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 8
 2016)

















































































































































 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized on February 28
 2019.

 INC.




 with full power of substitution and resubstitution
 for him and in his name
 place and stead
 in any and all capacities
 to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 and to file the same
 with all exhibits thereto
 and other documents in connection therewith
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith
 as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person
 hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent or his substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on February 28
 2019.
























































































































































































frpt-ex211_7.htm





Subsidiaries of Freshpet
 Inc.
































&#160;Canada












 LLC









































frpt-ex231_9.htm







Freshpet
 Inc.:

 Inc. of our report dated February 28
 2019
 with respect to the consolidated balance sheets of Freshpet Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss
 changes in stockholders&#8217; equity
 and cash flows for each of the years in the three year period ended December 31
 2018
 which report appears in the December&#160;31
 2018 annual report on Form 10-K of Freshpet
 Inc. 

 which established Accounting Standard Codification (ASC) Topic 606
 Revenue&#8212;Revenue from Contracts with Customers.




 2019














frpt-ex311_8.htm








 William B. Cyr
 certify that: 
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Freshpet
 Inc.; 
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting; and 

The registrant&#8217;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#8217;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#8217;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and 
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting. 

 2019


















frpt-ex312_10.htm








 Richard Kassar
 certify that: 
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Freshpet
 Inc.; 
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting; and 
The registrant&#8217;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#8217;s auditors and the 


All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and 
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting. 

 2019



















frpt-ex321_6.htm








 

 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 for the year ended December 31
 2018
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#8220;Report&#8221;)
 each of the undersigned officers of the Company certifies
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &#167; 1350
 as adopted pursuant to &#167; 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that
 to such officer&#8217;s knowledge: 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Report. 

 2019


















begin 644 gcjyfw4enocf000002.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 1
 U(# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#W^BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB



B2.%9(


MFNWS+?4+IX8VYR
+

M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !16/XG\3Z7X1T.;5]7G\JW
&)PJ D[GDE!&<

\3_&/6O$6LIH/PRM)+QV13)??9BS EEY

K-@#+')..36A0!P_A[X1^O#




=



M #UBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBN;\:^-=-\



B1H5&.G!D?\_85Y

$5DENRW2*K%@[MD;688PX[^M=1\)OBSH/@3PK=:7
MJEIJ4T\MZ]PK6L:

3! .U!EFQN&< XSD\5Y_8


$

M

6FFVEWJMQ;N$22-E2W
ME.1NQ)DG YYD$CC@YH ]<HKR?PQ\?OVM2PVVJ13Z-=2<%IB)( Q;CS!R

M+G:
X(SC!XKRC4_VE-'B\K^R?#]]=9SYGVN9+?;TQC;OW=^N
8'7/';^#OBQ

](E;&2B]!N+$#C. 
:E%% !17E^L_'OP5I&HO9Q-?:ELR&F
ML8E:


[)H)!(C8)!PPX./PKQ3XJ_&?19
MO#^H^'?#D\EY=W2&WEO(U'D(A)60 L/G)48RHQA\ALC% %_X:_%'5_'?Q+U.
MT=HX=%BLI9+6V6$*QQ

M4(VX @#TBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *IZEI.FZS;K;ZII]I?0*^]8[J%95

M 'N%I\


TI:1!D^@4


'K-H$T:#4)'




MTEDV[GB;.
X[A@R]!G;G !%?:=?/'[2]C;QZCX=OUCQ=313PR/N/S(A0J
=.
M#(_Y^PH ]/\ A/XQN/&W@:&_ON;^WE:UNG!%D=0& ![JRYZ?-NP 
5Y9\?



XS@4 ?4?PB^'%CX6\-66IW^


MKC.W=$GS/&V =PV[BH[-W +9XS_AF7_J;O\ RF__ &VC_AF7_J;O_*;_ /;:
M 
/]GKQ7-IWBR7PW*9'M-41GB49(CFC4MGK@!D# D DE4[NH^/GAK0=&\V



M+*.-UR#A@,C()'XU\\?LX_\E#U#_L%2?^C8J^GZ BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H







XLK155#D&(3QB)NIY

M1^



D!QD@GN



M)VY4D@G@C/%=YIGQ7^*_B;2X[71='CG=G2W_ +2MM/9B)!MR69B8E)R
Y4 !

M2U5I/



J$XN=C

M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!\P?M'?\E#T_\ [!4?_HV6
MO7_@E_R2'0O^WC_T?)6'\2_A'J7C_P :V6I1:E:66GQV2V\K
K/*&#2-E4X!





MMJ^Y;?;*9M\*LHRH5;A@K[.J+E #@4S\/;BRT/1-/M;N#4)M/T^YTX7&IH'









M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4453U*


M1Z .@HKG_P#A'M4_Z'/7/^_-E_\ (]20:%J
-Q%*_BS69T1PS121685P#]T[


9P


O0].X![_HG]L?V/!_;WV'^T_F\[[!O\G[QV[=_P WW<9S
MWS6/H?B2\U/QWXKT.:.!;72/L?V=T4AV\V(NVXDX..
 ?C5CP/JVEZWX+TN
M]T2VGMM
\KR;:&?[Z)&3& ?F;^YZFO


7V7Q\4^+[
MRYNO!&@V-SH5C*\<EUJ%P8WO64(?+B4<QL0QPS@KR=I!6O4*\$\





C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R


M-$K='D4*OX\Y'Y4N8=C=+J.II/-7-5^HR**7

%B





MQK#;KF52&2


\CIU[

2^^970^9N(


MK-(-6O9%L@RL0^]3\QSUR0!_WU5WRKR/Q[::VIWGDG12CL)CDOR#)S_ !9Y
MS3].\06GBH:M_:D+Z='-)=V]H.B

MJP/PS


1#XGU&8^)?'V6YFCM[N=MZ(Y4.ORX!'?K7:*H1%49( P


JO(HQO&1U'KQUKH9(+:)XW9%7S


M[MII6

M?U*E+GY[OY_Y'IWAV]^VV30S%C)$W\1Y(]:U_)C]#_WT:\AL/B-9V5_]H6RE




TT1B9@Y'RE2N/R)KB_\ A;]C_P! N7_O




^$W_?P?X4O9S[ E!;'

TX69$RQ1.Y _3VKG?^%LZ9WL9_P#O
MXM-?XL:2Z









MVT]W-9W[2W+
OEDH




+Z[8


[7SCVZ5=!V44
M*I&]YGH7@
/+X/T^






M&1_WT*[R'7=0U

:*658T


MM_Z&:E\&'_BM- _Z_(O_ $*FV8 T^Y X'DOCG_IHU'@X_P#%9Z#_ -?D7_H5


MW_\ USB_]%BL.WQ_PC9R/X9/_0: +GAK4_%




XVM)%HLF
M!U97Z?I7/)G8N
'Y








MQ7.EP.EL3&9'5NA'4@$YS6EXF6?3M6CMH9/++Q JH'!/-'A&&_U6_P!EW@@*



4 C(<=??FLBV#QVMK<0.RRD;
M1@=.F/ZU[B_AB*

1QM7.2.
M@XXQ6Y::GIB7):X0/'M(P(R.?P-32:&%9BMJ&';:.*SFM=]U):16T2RH
LI
M.!_*N:]1=C)PJ2=]#@;[2;VW\07D^E1L;1YT;.XW8//.3G\ZT[:ZUJ+R@;5
M/E7:Q

$$GV65XV[JRJ2
?Y[5LVOAY);&WG6-)-\2
+]$S_S^Q?\ H8KJ_%UG
M%;:O(0H1[ GY3ZL*X_PN=GBC2&':\C_ /0Q7?3;<5<C7J?6%%%%6!\T?$S_
U<7M%L;_5)MI]ROJ]S97^JO-$T-Q&L:J' #8(+9%)X2
ME3_A)&CB!$20OM'7L,UDZ+::2\2&)XVB9MY;)^;/7.?Z=*W[RTV&_DN+/\

MK!=HW9&2#U!)'T JU8\LKL?:)?,A


^A-=C'#82I/J5\(9KA\

4NI%I$@=+=&Z!D_F*

]\^E0JZW \HDG


N3]TX_\ UU!:N)6C66X3
M






MX-@%%8]NIX]..IZ5BG[89A*ME+\[99RC!AUXP!TYKOE@TJ5=RS;0?]K/;//I

6 QET*

M$]U=3?




FF_\ 7VG_ *'6A87TVH01W%PP



MOX5E:2


O)JFJ:U6GJ




ME6-IOB:ZMYG5BC3L=B==JR!L\%L_3GCFK,37$DWEB?]ZB$OR*2V6SZYX)P


!^9KIPR5FT9XRI*4DI=!E




=NM7[;Q5;B

CC'!S623ML9U?B/



M/$:+?K/+/!(0IP69




M]S

M*.)HZMIE&]\/WUQ[QQL_PZ

M)+/1U@9 E^DJC#





 [C9STI2=E




&
9



73/^0$_M:2?^C*G\





M1;]U6

M7QZ'IW]^E8


MNZ]
9J_'X1O;Z(7$
26;

MC6TD2W+

W





RD'(RNQN=O3GIZ
MX-+_ 




M



MG^U;=1Z #_&JW6@C% $QTD+UUB+\$S4;6$2C_D*EO98:;10!$ULHZ74S?\

MMNB#Y_
4 *\=R/NM P^N*A;[:!Q'$?HP_P ::S6A/)E3Z/\ _6J-OLV/ENI1
M]: '[[S_ )XK^=-


?_(9KAB^64&


MZ?\ 'D;?&.G-ZV _]&/7E[\A3[4 .+79^ZT
H]W']:AD\\??LD/N /Z4UOLX







M7'VKQ!=28[10*@_4FO8** /+#\/#NSZCJ8;U+H?_9:V_!WPQTSP;JLFHVM
9[=W$[PF'$VW: 2#V'7@5W%% !1110!__V0$!
end








begin 644 gcjyfw4enocf000007.jpg



]P*YW_A(M0!Y9/^^*Z+
M5D#Z7




M\3O%


X#Y#-GIZ5EZ-J$S/Y#1[V_YZ =*Y(UL1
MR.7

M/P%8G@:
#PYE\EOM#DY'3@5LG

MBM$3IJ=R^
I*X'ZT/-(HP2& YJW.7<P2


DWR
M#_9%8%_K=Z\9$91

Y]C6KIM\+ZPCDMT*JXYSU]Z2JM]1NGR[G36KL]NK

%TRQ!?M#J5=G8

MO




3RR*1PH%.






M

@00L=V
]SEUK16TB7P_H^A_P!I

O-DRA?^F;\9 1#P6*@DX[UP\E



M


M1TC'T7Y'B-*5::\W^?0U-?M=1:[ANM':
7
UO)93EI NV-\8?GKM.?SJW+HD


DID66/:A\I00PW
M9X((X%



M?_KFW\J\8N;=/#-I

\/S

L=8M]0 6*;&.J'@^];6


M7:OI





6CNW
]M
M(NV:-CP5]O0CK7=F*Z?X16



MMH[JWEW^5)L8'^(=
UI12));Y$;O*I\QHVDW







MSVVXG















H.[1*^E6



WN:\ZUR\@;Q'J$IGN8YUN4\N+<. I!SGK_ /6KTLL:]J_3]3S





4L4#!D&YFV@;\8!
M8X.
GY5I7FB\N//:21)-FS*8



16]M%1M8^*X+N6%)


AB=G7GI7V?Y$/_/)/^^11Y$/_/)/
M^^17?RG'[/S/C@F3YB/L@+$L

M\BD-M RE6AC((P05'-#CI8UHWIS4^Q\713E1P:GBO&65&)/# \'WKU;Q3\#=
M0749KGPY-!):2


M=6/A5XZ_Z!


MJ#G'UJ


9.
@
K\ V*H]+@?XT)X,
MUC/-BJ\Y_P/@<G\Z.61#BGN._M; QFH9M3


MX0#&WRV_PKKO^$?TKM9H/Q/^-*-!TX-N6#:?4
:XYX*K)W;1VPQ5.*LDSFH5

_Y]_P!:GZA5[HKZ


C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R







N5


M2A


4FF.K-;VL@EE0Y4$@A5)Z9S5/2HM
N



@KH'TZRE



M!@$8% VIVW.?7QO;RHD\5G

MF65X1YZ_



CM+MPQYQT]
?G4?A?XEW


^]92W3'&



1US[5-VS&-2K)V1J_\+JN?^@+



5#:1



+'3F/%_C/_ 
A_3?\ KU/_ *$:S?A-_P C


VV*%#


M5MQ1IKV?*RC\


-6E55VK&M
M*T5RH\P^-?\ K]&_W9?YI7+_  Q_Y'[3_P#=D_\ 0#74?&O_ %^C?[LO\TKE
M_AC_ 


^PJYHMQYL#Q
M((D1^7#$]23SG\_H15'797-6O+?C'HOFV%GK,:Y:!O)E/^RW*G\#_PA5ZC6
M?KFF1ZSH=YITF

+_ !G_ .0_IO\ UZG_ --9OPF_P1
MY3_KVD_I6E\9_P#D/Z=_UZG_ --9OPF_P1Y3_KVD_I4_:.)_QSWNF2_PI



$2['_V0$!
end








begin 644 gcjyfw4enocf000003.jpg



M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#WZBBB@ HJ







#D_I7C5U\2]0U240PQ2I)C+(S@'VP

MIJ%TL:SZ=-([$CYY2



NET_Q-



MRW!1@





W%<,Z+BN:L=:K*L^2L[IG
KH
4ANK6T1/
%N'@9F$;.


6 *[T 7 [\UPU_X1-NC:AI

M3Z9
$LKBTTSR6BO!/+)5+L-I7)).,\^O2NFHK'ZM!%6&H6,:EUL0
KG.#Z


MA$ZIJ^IV]WYTC1Q%4



M2.Z
910 (@





MV/+9P1^AKN?LGP[^RM(=-MW


\7C_F+7'_?





Y(Z?C7JD7B2TBC@CAMHX]BXVE&;GJ3GO7+.


Q






F&Y'
M%:4'AW1]

5QBM#%@TS2+-+:(ZM<



M-]G/(!(!]*I5




M(^HZBI;;6=6NY'CMM*DF=1NVQ0R

M\5G;



MLIVL%MY#@^_%
O-9U/3PIO-)GMT8X5IH70'Z9%536*A&R2
J5)TM$CO;*YTJ


MLO[3%@=

(



-M#L64

B3%?D*/CHQQVJ


M(;=0/


H.ASG/L/U]A5NLXZ;GGT8_


M6ZG+I)(B%O+W@;GQU/0DY%98%^T5NI$:[ACE\8&
\\5Q8ANI)6[GM8)1I4I7
M




M()3Y8P9.W;C]*\4LYKE%A4P[E\W.[R@1GT!Q7M^CRWO]D0K]EN/
5D25UD'S
M



M_D*]IKQGX9C_ (JN#_KV?^0KV:M#-&9XB&?#M^/^F)KQ'5P5UG2C_P!
KK_T
M2:]O\0?\B_?_ /7$UXGK/&L:5_URNO\ T2:J)+W&65H9[&WDV2.=AQMW8'S&

;





MEJ5;'L1R/PJ@]F[:'_8QM918F3S3'Y;99_[Q;KGCUKKIO%]O);30VUPRN -L
MK)R/TS[9JGIFMW4
=Q;S2.%;


]



V01VY[UYE1U55?O:








M9F;:[-O'S8[G!;I5NWT^Q-Q'+').\4S'RX-I



M+;U-:5=5/E=K&;_ ,(Y?6VY_PRIH^Q(CJ5-(U6:(A+&=XV&#M3(Q7HTNG6
M]P6EB:=EG!D)BFPN&YSUI]OI\43J
S*H^90TF00#G'7^?:LGE\6]VS).:V9Y



$@?


:G+O+^;$QW$Y)


MBM[C;'#$






I;R^ I4H2#G[I&




+<IXFUE <@2R+T_VJUP
MOME)^T5CEK2@TN5W/0_A02?'D7_7K)_(5[W7@7PE;/CJ'_KUD_D*]]KN1SF/

MM_*@#I=!\26NDZ5'#-=RPNS


M=M[U8AHFEWD71D: )(!Z@]#5B;PGX#M%NI;OP]IUO;VR&225X^ HZFMHX*G+




*0.JDCC/



4C3LP6?RP3#@ Y Z\^V/K6
M[IM]=:O(]C(I

^!QGO7GYK\$?4Z\)\3. \=D'7QAI&026SN.6Y]OIUKU_6S*?$
MI;5(]




+C


[?PY@.%.

M([:VO5C2:;GS

;B_A5C4\?6U]X=^'UY_9BCR8HA$%A

2IE)SQU)
M YQUX%?.5_\ ZV7C'3^E6P1ZC\%#GQV_M92?^A+7T-7SO\$/^1ZE_PO&3_T
M)*^B*$(Q_%?_ )^M?\ 7C-_Z :^19
M)&!SS_2OKOQ7_P B?K7_ %XS_P#H
M!KY( =;=IE (0@=

:.IT+5]$LM-BBOI%2YC8MS 6(YR
'%;9\7:*1@




MI8 ']J2X';:_^%.B\=Z0KEI-2N3QP55\UY/Y47]T?G0$C4Y  /UJEA(+JR?9

3_G__ /(@HNPL']C/Z#_OFD_L=_0?]\T?V8G:_P#_
M (*/[-7_G__ /(@HNPL)_9#^@_[YI#I3?W1_P!\TO\ 9P[7W_D04G]G\?\
M']_Y$%%Q6$_LMO[H_P^:7^S&_NC_OFD_L\?\_Q_[[H^P#_G]_\ (E.X_V:
MW]Q?^^:7^S6[QK_WQ3?L_\ /[_Y$H^PKWO?_(E


M1RU#VL#_ .C$KZ&JT2REK$
D^B7\
2EY)+:1%4=22I %?'MWIUYI
8:_M9K=

M(_\ IY4/F/D;_A(&_Y\H_\ OH_XTO\ PD)[V4?_ 'U7UO\ \(CX:_Z%_2__
M  #C_P *;_PB'AG_ *%[2O\ P#C_ ,*.1!S,^2O^$@'_ #XI_P!]4O\ ;X_Y
M\D_[ZKZS_P$/\
_]]I7_@''_A1_P (9X8_Z%W2O_ ./_ER(?.SY+.O+_S
MXI_WU2?VZG_/@O\ WU7UI_PAGA?_ *%W2O\ P#3_  H_X0OPM_T+FE?^ :?X





2.)4C5410 JJ
 #T%/JB6?__9
end








begin 644 gcjyfw4enocf000010.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 !I )L# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4





M)(OE$[AGZC&:ZO ]!^596C0@*TWG&5MH3)(/\JU*U@K(B3NPP/0?E4D8!9AQ







M.(2Z%;PDL(T020@*)'+


M












IQUP0*YE=#M'.?WX^4+P1T&.WJ
M*^6S%Q^L2YCUL-?V:L:7A^:&XU.(I;&$HX&3CG/I^5=3)*/,;Y7P<_*/7Z5




NQZP-_(UX)#JMN\;S+

CJ#VKJK#Q^@T^339
W6L;5[ZT




%8KL;AG@#&WJ:I'XG1/.T*^'[DE=N=MPIZC.
;






9W8P*BN[2

9KJZX

/['&!C@5Y3XAO[.X\3:G]KFC#I.8T$C-PH'&.P';KWK<M];F2(#G@5YGX
ZC\3_C7JFK^+K[3=)L'@A5E
2;
MV)YQM''3CZTG*QTUZ7(U[U[]SOY[Z\G.V11)&ZKE!@'@C(SCN
_I21O);/)]



'G'][-ZU:\








M(XU)F?8@0
Q4G &/2NJ[4O:CDCV*G6J3TD[G


M+-X)V:

1L%EP.P]\
M]:\GNO\ D9)/]S^E=/JOW(O^!?RKL]FD$K'<+KT1R/MB?@Q-#^(8X2CYW[F

L+--/


C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R

:A-ZA_U<<C^^-H_6E=(U15(W
[=%C3ZDM_A4;238R\[#V0

M[21QEUQ;.NT$C:#W[X!P:EU$/E.U-S .LT?_ 'V*0W=O_P ]5/TYK$M=:L[F




*23^E6;K4XK
(5AG.[^XY !].N

MIT%%9T4LSQ(ZRR+N&=LB@D?7_P#74HN9UZK&_P!5_QK130K%RBJPO%_CCD3
MWQN'Z5+'-%+]R16^AYIW3$24444P&2R+#\K?=12QQZ 5E6%]'J^FV]_#.[V
M]S&)8\?*-I&1QU_
UH7W_(.N?^N3_P C7


8N<9 Y['

MYQW^GUJMIRI=7TQ@MS/' 

M+?


#-&


MPW?\MW[9_P!KVK4T2VT+P]%




MT-X94?Q-IZR-C:Z

4[2[!=&UJ4D-_:QAGN(E64
/+(!8 X[GWJ9]2M
M#$R

J_=PC]3W'RU=_X63X0[:Y!_P!^


'-TR2XN/-TRRDJ-UNAQ^E7S65V:0HN<'-/8\96

MMQ3C'9+_ 
P]_&)J[.YTZ]FU#S@NX,RMOC'&


MK[[(=*\J;G(DX*\9Y%

(@

PCS/4\5_MC1O^@9'^8K9GLK*VT2
MSU9[V^SWC%(N?O$=1TQ7K^L:9H.F:AI3_V'92971H8[:/#< @D$8SGO71?
MV)I4MK#VE6)@CRT<1MT*QD\G Q@'Z5E[6-VCHLVDSQJZ\#7%G.T
VFZ?O !
M^67(P1_NU:D^'5U%-:PMI^G[[K/E?
=I(&[!.W . 3CVKO==:'^T[@%27 7&





M.J0(J+TX)Z8..


MLL




MM*52SO%V


=H^5NPR.
M:X



M+@9UO4O]Z+_T$4V/,-7NFL+RYO$4,UO,90I/!*J3@_E5&V^-FIW,@#:;9*

M&S&#WH=2




F3@XS

M4L


_PLCMK:2XE\16H2)=S_Z
W R!Z^IK3'P2O60/'K5HV1E?




M(R7O
QT4_:SC[NR/:DN(4
MF+G6[1XVCV/%)(C!NO).<YYQQQ5'3([;2[46UOK-B(USM ** /0#=7G/_@Y
M#_S&(_\ P&/_ 





M^_I5Z;2TMXC)
ZQH

G&]RGH216UFL-IY%BJ#E!%A
M1SZD\UAO\WBQG\Y9LS']XAX;Y5Z5O36UN;9G26-U8F


GZDFIP/- 65$<H=P[C

.YB;)(*=_7I6M&;48


M7T^]CCVZURVC1:^=6LI!YXW31[MRQC*[AG]*Y
VHN=:G+F2MW^1KA9VA)6/3

\7^-:26]T^E3!%ER]P!%@_[;9QS_ (4\93YX

TM&;A @/0Y




:7;.?* Q@H ._K5;46@_M.^%T ;;



M]G?@?G3O^%N^##Q]HU'_ 

%S+')
M



4; @DHX._P#N\'Z]













N&Q








GRCS#VYP0*\*E^
O



ML]!U.XU2X6^M[7=):R1;HK@2)D/SF

M\#M6UIVL7MI:.R7
:

MA*$.61$6F[H[&S.?'VE^UO)_Z:[^O/=/;/Q TW_ *X2?^@FO0JSB-A7!7[8
M\7:P/]F#_P!!%=[7GNIMCQEK _Z9P?\ H(IL1YIXB;YM7QZ?_%5B?*UL[SQ

)1<B]MXH9($6..16RNW.<8..O-=+X-T
MLZ-X9@CEECF


B^W#^&8$(/RLYY5

&*WA=F5% :52I
M'EDL
D





Q\R)7;IDPYS7CX5S?-=J7H=]?E5NA:LXW#)##.?-'/Z5F7?A_[=K]
MCJS7MY;RVL?E*D4R[





P:78V]I

P


5:N_$
M]S=2

M)GB

M^
 ?G:OL^T)^Q6Y_Z9+_ %1/8I$M /UHH[UF4.!/J?SK.F3RFV_VA(K[V?

M6&.65)#%J)=C@9*_=.?3M3X[.\!R]X?H%SV_QIMI'(TXF? 4 XP
9S_2FZQL

MGBO0.H.] #QC.1^M8\[?:I8AN1IHX@%^8[#)G&W..F._--N]LLD+$QQSNFYH
M@I3+'J2



MT2[0JPEN&0'/W5R1]
&$5GR*EQQCV&VDD^+6K

M-:O1C$)'I\S4O]L:@W_+$_FQHY9BO$].C\7&*X
D7A.S4MA?+
TA7^\ %S@#



L*_4



:
MJ1P3^0J(VHZ?;8Q^)%
^R#&?MZ?]]F@9
4U4\%R/Q%1LFH'[TW_CXIOV2/O?

]OF
MJ

M]7IA3UD7\\T@&_O27P /]K--_Y:#Z4I 7),F?PIH(+\$'CUI@=Y\&UW?%?1
M_83'_P A/7UG7RE\%5W?%73.^V.=O_(;OJVFA
*BF@@N%V3PQRK_==0P_6B
MBF(2*UMX$


R?]GWPH_^IOM7
MA/M.C#]4K-F_9WL?^7;Q-?Q^GF0H_P#+%%% &?-^SUJ:'-MXLC?T$MH1_)C5

MHH_[:-_\11119#NQ?^%&^.S_ 
OVBCZ2/_\ $5)'\!O&C\RZSI
8]GD/_LE%


8(50G\0
UI444 ?_]D!
end








begin 644 gcjyfw4enocf000001.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 !  )T# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#W^BBB@ HH
MHH ***9+*D4;22.J(HRS



MOKK3D8@RK
 QQUP

^;*1ZD;0/YG\Z]+\-VL5EX8TN
M<R^AWWB*43ZT[6]F#F.PB;GZNW<_2NIHJ
M)P4]Q-7*UEIUGIT7E6=M'GHBXS]3WJU1FC-4DEHAB&O+V@\$^*O&-[HUVFJ




U4:G:QF9GDN2?-VC)Z=#UQUKB
M/#ND6NO_ !*O-.UB2=/.FN23')L8R!B<9^F:],_X5!X:(YFU3_P+/^%)78HW
MG=V$^'GCB;7?]]+J1\R[TQ=TCJ

M!@L;:X




MYJ]I'A?3]$NGN+0S;W38=[Y&









C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R











?_? J6B@+[-!_SQC_[X%'V:#_GC'_WP*EHH B^S0?\ /&/_
M +X%'V:#_GC'_P!\I:* (OLT'_/&/\ [X%'V:#_ )XQ_P#? J6B@+[-!_S
MQC_[X%'V:#_GC'_WP*EHH B^S0?\\8_^^!1]F@_YXQ_]\I:* (OLT'_ #QC



?_? J6B@+[-!_SQC_[X%1SP0K;RD11@A00HXXJS45S

M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% '-^++^\3^S](T^;[/=:G
8O/'6*
M


M^_Z96LWFJ:GX/M-9OK






K



I!P0
M?Q%0Z]KUOH-G'+)%+//

TSQC*
(=4LM<U
MC0-/TJYBO)TODNI&MW#B.-
Y)(.!UJWI_P#R4O6/^O*'^= '27=REE93W4GW







MJGQ166RE$T

M


M $-:R?[ ^&OEY
^G9QSC4FS_ .AUK?$;_D1[[ZQ_^AK1KG@C2M2TADLM/L[6



'W8W=!Q_

M95CXMU#5;Z2WT_0'FC@N6M[F9KI46/#8R

MACTQH_-3E&(?)VGH0


\$G6.08R
]QSUK*\# 8U


.IZ1I


6RM




MJ!&_]Y1C@^XK
B\1231^2EDC:B;E[80+

MHN[
VT\4A1E#%D;N&1B!N&#Z#G([4 3QVMO#-+-%!$DLQ!E=4 9R.FX]_P :
M(K6W@EEEB@BCDF(:5T0 N1W8]_QJ6N3N=0NX_%\URL\IT^U
-G-$=@:3)WX
M]03'SZ$T ;UOHNE6ES]IMM,LX9^?WL4JW/7D#-37=C::A$(KVU@N8PVX)-&



* -O\ L^R,4\1L[?R[@EIE\H8E)ZEA
MCD_6G2V=K/:?9)K:&2VP%\EXP4P.@V].,L/_A)I@B1?V<)+PWQLC#%/E<A-
MY8
5&0!UX'?TJ;_A(GACNH[NQ*WT
R0K!#+Y@E9QE-K$+QUR2!C!H V+BUM[
MJ
1W


GH*X72=1T.\L














MC

6N@7^GBQNX/LLM]$9S/&\C(CF5MQ(;:2 .G(]*
[[6+4O(:U0.QC
MMPQ&Y]VW+









]#CGH:* 
)M


8K;[
\=S(R;N=
1CDG'8=@.P K)TSP_=V
MQTG[3) XM&GGFV$_--(3@C(Z 
W/':NDHH YJ3P_=^=+?1O;F]_M'[6BL2$=
IYXN:'HMQHUS<#[3
M]H@N%661Y?

_1F]
$8X[8K;HH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH



?_ 'P*


?_? H^S0?\\8_^^!0!+147V:#_GC'_P!\
MC[-!_SQC_[X% $M%1?9H/\ GC'_ -\C[-!_P \8_\ O@4 2T5%]F@_YXQ_

?_


?_? H^S0?\\8_^^!0!+147V:#_GC'
M_P!\C[/!_SQC_[Y% $M4]4O_PSK!K@1B1MR(JE]H+
P49;L
D9.#]#5I45

M;!2&V/G;\@$8.!CK@E@ 


\

F&5WVXPN.5

G@U8O;747NH+ZUCM?M$:2PM')*P4HQ!#;


;XD
MO5BLE'DVX/[UR03C_N+'.])TUN]D95OAMU.:KT;3/^059_]<$_]!%<O_PB
M5_\ \]K;_OIO\*WY[E]'T.%FC622-8X0N_:I8D(,MV&3UP?I7-EUI3G)S5C



M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ J*Y_X]9O]P_RJ6HKG
M_CUF_P!P_P J V_X]8?]P?RJ6HK;_CUA_W!_*I: BBB@ HHHH *:Z!\9+#
M']UB/Y4ZB@+R$_O2?\ ?QO\:/(3^])_W\;_ !J6B@+R$_O2?\ ?QO\:/(3
M^])_W\;_ !J6B@+R$_O2?\ ?QO\:/(3^])_W\;_ !J6B@+R$_O2?\ ?QO\
M:/(3^])_W\;_ !J6B@+R$_O2?\ ?QO\:/(3^])_W\;_ !J6B@+R$_O2?\
M?QO\:/(3^])_W\;_ !J6B@+R$_O2?\ ?QO\:/(3^])_W\;_ !J6B@+R$_O
M2?\ ?QO\:/(3^])_W\;_ !J6B@+R$_O2?\ ?QO\:/(3^])_W\;_ !J6B@+
MR$_O2?\ ?QO\:/(3^])_W\;_ !J6B@+R$_O2?\ ?QO\:/(3^])_W\;_ !J6
MB@+R$_O2?\ ?QO\:/(3^])_W\;_ !J6B@+R$_O2?\ ?QO\:/(3^])_W\;_
M !J6B@+R$_O2?\ ?QO\:/(3^])_W\;_ !J6B@+R$_O2?\ ?QO\:/(3^])_
MW\;_ !J6B@+R$_O2?\ ?QO\:/(3^])_W\;_ !J6B@+R$_O2?\ ?QO\:/(3
M^])_W\;_ !J6B@+R$_O2?\ ?QO\:/(3^])_W\;_ !J6B@+R$_O2?\ ?QO\
M:/(3^])_W\;_ !J6B@+R$_O2?\ ?QO\:/(3^])_W\;_ !J6B@+R$_O2?\

*LIXDT:3[N

M)AA+1:?&?G?NY_SVK&K6Y-%JWLB92MZC9&FU^Z-O:-)'8H?WDC
3O_
_I6[;

FE2HN+YYZR?\ 5D*




M1V8B563;\H&

M HHHH ***:Z!\9+#']UB/Y4 .HJ+R$_O2?\ ?QO\:/(3^])_W\;_ !H EHJ+
MR$_O2?\ ?QO\:/(3^])_W\;_ !H EHJ+R$_O2?\ ?QO\:/(3^])_W\;_ !H
MEHJ+R$_O2?\ ?QO\:/(3^])_W\;_ !H EHJ+R$_O2?\ ?QO\:/(3^])_W\;_
M !H EHJ+R$_O2?\ ?QO\:/(3^])_W\;_ !H EHJ+R$_O2?\ ?QO\:/(3^])_
MW\;_ !H EHJ+R$_O2?\ ?QO\:/(3^])_W\;_ !H EHJ+R$_O2?\ ?QO\:/(3
M^])_W\;_ !H EHJ+R$_O2?\ ?QO\:/(3^])_W\;_ !H EHJ+R$_O2?\ ?QO\
M:/(3^])_W\;_ !H EHJ+R$_O2?\ ?QO\:/(3^])_W\;_ !H EHJ+R$_O2?\
M?QO\:/(3^])_W\;_ !H EHJ+R$_O2?\ ?QO\:/(3^])_W\;_ !H EHJ+R$_O
M2?\ ?QO\:/(3^])_W\;_ !H EHJ+R$_O2?\ ?QO\:/(3^])_W\;_ !H EHJ+
MR$_O2?\ ?QO\:/(3^])_W\;_ !H EHJ+R$_O2?\ ?QO\:/(3^])_W\;_ !H


I*^R[LRE5C%VW?D=/?ZI9:9'O







(OOZ7:2 =U89_]

\X
M

M(Q(VY$52^T%F8*
MV&2
5;@X!&1G'&<T\56C5DN4GT94T^8IPZO/_8XOKK3I5D;!
M2&V/G;\@$8.!CK@E@ 


00VX*3D;


2&;@D=!S72JH1%4=%&!0 M%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %17/\ QZS?[A_E
M4M17/_'K-_N'^5 !;?\ 'K#_ +@_E4M16W_'K#_N#^52T %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !112
P52S$!0
DD]* %HKGM0\7V-M)Y%F
MKWUR3@)#R

MZRO:.K-34_%.F::3&9?/GZ*'YCGW/05E[O$OB#[H&E6;=SGS/Y_P JVM
\







99V8@


?W6(_E3J* (O(3^])_W\;_ !H\A/[TG_?QO\:EHH B\A/[
MTG_?QO\ &CR$_O2?]_&_QJ6B@+R$_O2?]_&_P :/(3^])_W\;_&I:* (O(3
M^])_W\;_ !H\A/[TG_?QO\:EHH B\A/[TG_?QO\ &CR$_O2?]_&_QJ6B@+R
M$_O2?]_&_P :/(3^])_W\;_&I:* (O(3^])_W\;_ !H\A/[TG_?QO\:EHH B








3&KW







#PU:WL&DNEPEQ%&RKY
%Q)OD3Y

YW?N^
 CYASQ5N^%ZM_;





[(RQ@X
?\ \B'L


XQN)J3A*DM7=7NK+1
M66C_ *N;5L%2I134WV?7Y[E9O'%EG$5C?.?^N8']:8?&5P_^HT&\D_
?R4UJ
M?\(Y9?WIO^^A_A2?\(W9?WYO^^A_A7K_ %G%K_EQ%_\ ;[_^1.7V4'_R\?\
MXO\S,'B+7YSB#0I_VV/_UJ7[=XQE^[IEI$O8LPS_Z'_2M+_A&[+_GI/_WT
M/\*3_A&K/_GK/_WT/\*?UW&K;#1_\#_X ?5Z3WJO[C.\KQG+_P O%E#^ /\

[_ (1?59/]=XDNL=U4


NX\ V'V61;

M+/)_Q\:E
_L



M !K/\5R(9;:(3^8Z;MRG'RYQCH*YVO&Q6.JTZKA!Z(Y:E649-(ZZSLY];N%O





W09R:3J<&DS6S+M
M=Z7%9R




MIS:?#!]H^U:='9O*K@+ZA@6(8@[?G_A!/'2NK1?+C5!R% % #J*K7]M+=VQ
MBAN7MV)!WH.?I65_8-__ -!RY_\ 'O\ XJL:E2I%VC_S1+;3T1JC4;$G O+


MS.EO=RKE;661/







6JJ


MU\_\P]FNC
'^V-5A_P!?I#MZF

M*S]:MY;K29H(4WR/MVC./X@:SJTJRIRY9MZ/HB91E9V9Q/\ :5__ 
_MS_W]
M;_&NK\

B+_C5^PDU+0(F%S9EK
M5FRVT@E3QSD5YV%=6E4YJJ=O1F%/FC*\KG6T57L[ZWOHO
MY P[CN/J*L5[L
M9*2NCL3OL%%%%

 5SVJUM_=C^+_ 

MLQ&3^!J7_A'=*_Y]?_(C?XUJ45HL-12MR+[A^SCV&11+!D2#(H51GH!TI]




MK7U_:Z;;_:+N8119QN()Y]




;Q)$)=B:??2*TS0)(B)M


MLU=FURWAO/(



?

2&1QAD8$AE/N/PI



MPJ6B@+RG_Y^)/R7_CRG_Y^)/R7_I:* (O*?\ Y^)/R7_CRG_ .?B3\E_
MPJ6B@+RG_Y^)/R7_CRG_Y^)/R7_I:* (O*?\ Y^)/R7_CRG_ .?B3\E_


MW*
98 L/NY[^AK-M4GTV2WOY[2Y:&7[7B..%G:/S)0Z J 2

MH:':RV6A6%K.

/R-5?[%TK_
M *!EE_WX7_KU%-2:V8G%/='.?\ %:9_:GVOYO+W;OL^!LS_A[5J_V+I7_0
M


T
=-%DM(&BTZZ6T5)S

MA0!F(4?

M:* 





M #TC_P_9_QHVS_\](_^_9_QH EHJ+;/_P ](_\ OV?\:-L__/2/_OV?\: )
M:*BVS_\ /2/_ +]G_&C;/_STC_[]G_&@6BHML__ #TC_P_9_QHVS_\](_^
M_9_QH EHJ+;/_P ](_\ OV?\:-L__/2/_OV?\: ):*BVS_\ /2/_ +]G_&C;
M/_STC_[]G_&@6LG4-@NW\^!C;W(.1(G&3[_P-:.V?_GI'_P!^S_C1MG_Y

2'6+K3I5MM7B('1;A1D'Z^O\ GBMV.6.:-9(G
M5T;HRG(-0S6[7$1BF






T6XDMX=/\@1VL5UJ
B2V
M48^6VQ$V8N0
?




$-@#J
#


M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!GZCH]KJ(W.NR8=

)T

;UW7AM%70X&50&8L6('7YCUIW_
M  CNE?\ /K_Y$;_&K]M;16DP0+MC7.U<YQDYK'!X*I0J.4FMB:5)PE=DM%%



M\JEH **** BBB@ IKASC8RCUW+G^M.HH BVS_\ /2/_ +]G_&C;/_STC_[]
MG_&I:* (ML__ #TC_P_9_QHVS_\](_^_9_QJ6B@+;/_P ](_\ OV?\:-L_
M_/2/_OV?\:EHH BVS_\ /2/_ +]G_&C;/_STC_[]G_&I:* (ML__ #TC_P_
M9_QHVS_\](_^_9_QJ6B@+;/_P ](_\ OV?\:-L__/2/_OV?\:EHH BVS_\
M/2/_ +]G_&C;/_STC_[]G_&I:* (ML__ #TC_P_9_QHVS_\](_^_9_QJ6B@

BVS_\ /2/_ +]G
M_&C;/_STC_[]G_&I:* (ML__ #TC_P_9_QHVS_\](_^_9_QJ6B@+;/_P ]
M(_\ OV?\:-L__/2/_OV?\:EHH BVS_\ /2/_ +]G_&C;/_STC_[]G_&I:* (
MML__ #TC_P_9_QHVS_\](_^_9_QJ6B@+;/_P ](_\ OV?\:-L__/2/_OV?
M\:EHH BVS_\ /2/_ +]G_&C;/_STC_[]G_&I:* (ML__ #TC_P_9_QHVS_\
M](_^_9_QJ6B@+;/_P ](_\ OV?\:-L__/2/_OV?\:EHH BVS_\ /2/_ +]G
M_&C;/_STC_[]G_&I:* (ML__ #TC_P_9_QHVS_\](_^_9_QJ6B@+;/_P ]
M(_\ OV?\:-L__/2/_OV?\:EHH BVS_\ /2/_ +]G_&C;/_STC_[]G_&I:* (
MML__ #TC_P_9_QHVS_\](_^_9_QJ6B@!J[@/G()]ABJ6LH'TU]T$LRJZ,1

M

X5@7&'.T;/O@_-QUYKO:* 
74F:-K


MHVS_ //2/_OV?\: ):*BVS_\](_^_9_QHVS_ //2/_OV?\: ):*BVS_\](_^
M_9_QHVS_ //2/_OV?\: ):*BVS_\](_^_9_QHVS_ //2/_OV?\: ):*@!G
K

E)$SDNKD$JV,@8SP#_6J&O+ =*8W#.D:2
M1N9%4-Y9#@AF!_A! )]L_6@P-5TXV)OA?VILP<&X\Y?+!SC[V<=:#JFG@6Q

LQ) *C
M*EB3TX&?EJ%VLX;354%Y;7

MGN)XA#:W0%TY8;8F

M


M[;R[

M[T =51110 4444 %%%% !1110 4C

)L( TLB1D

M1(97G^UZ=*L8?R_+;E
^^R@3 EVB25HR(Y)%S
ME W3(P?R/I0!:O\ 4;/3+5KF]N$@A'\3GJ?0#J3[K


UQI=I

M[4 6J*** BBB@ HHHH **** J]U?6EBJ-=W

 =MJF5PNX^@S5*/7K:XE:



MT;.QM-/A


MRM 9HY8_

J\
J[?E*GH=K$CZ9H TKN^MK 0FYE6



C$?

M 52S


\2;TX)89#

MM;DQV[)'+YB;D=UW



90W+E 6(!_O*W'(;.3F
,^M236DUY#=V^F-;W-E
M<7'FI,LH'V68,&8C .[YOFX[Y!K5DT:VO?/-]LD=P8Y9(&Y42*



M P !TI: BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
9=T4J%'7.


M110 4444 8%L;F+5'L-79)H[N0W-H1G,C;A'GU L/7YO2J^GV^H75^\S69



MA72&*-I5E

%VIN]5TR%

^E &#H%A=)';M/:BW@CM





_05-110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !45S_QZS?[A_E4M17/_ !ZS?[A_E0!3BU*&.%$*R950#@#_








M44 ']JP?W)/R'^-']JP?W)/R'^-%% !_:L']R3\A_C1_:L']R3\A_C110 ?V



MD_(?XT44 ']JP?W)/R'^-']JP?W)/R'^-%% !_:L']R3\A_C1_:L']R3\A_C







8D_(?XTR74H9(70+)EE(&0/\ &BB@#__9
end








begin 644 gcjyfw4enocf000009.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 +N!34# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#W^BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****


M]JR
YH\''4@
M
\X8 
.O!')ZT*2;L)QLKFO1115BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH

MY'LGSL#CM@ \$\'W KM:\\T'3O!5_\0;C5-%U2XFU2)I9Y($)
YGN)0(U' !.,_* JCJ3W/L,&
MZ^,?ABWN7BBCUY1<8EBA4*W';<RGVY Z5G?&O4KFWTK3-.B;;!=R2238)!;

M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B

M
C_QI70[


=Y/R.IO/A]X?T)X
M1KWC*WBE5D%Q:V]N7D4D;B!@E@
=&*8Y''.*S9;GX?Z;-(;33M8U@AB@6[N%

M_@NTD(F\07SQ

I'0FMM_C9I(OXT32KUK
KF25F02*W/ 3)!


M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 ?/'Q5TW^




MB4$]RU-K8\
4445N8!1110 5S-[\/?=_


M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH \*^-/_ .-G_V#



M .-TR7Q5\4((9)IDU*.*-2[N^EJ%51R228^ *U]HNQE[-]SW665889)7#E44

U*=1JS01@G=
^O*RM7\2:+H*$ZGJ5O
4;F8X R5P.374UYM\/?AK)X?NUUC5W1K]5Q!#
M$Y*P[EPQ8]VY*X&0.3DY&


M.1Q@#+/G:5Y!RINT3T'5/''AG1YO)O=8MUEW







&*B%0 &8$'.[YACWY[8/FW@7P+-XUN


M^6J^I?%?_(G:Y_V#Y_\ T6U?+516W1I2V/K.]URTV$37]Y;VL3-L#SRJBEN
M3C)/7@_E7)W'Q6\(P^5Y=_+/OD-Y=NX\L'^([@.![9/H#7G-O8^)_BUJIN[



[RZE:KO6
0S84CCJ<Y&.*\P$OBOXJ:PT(D18(E#L@9DMH

M


T


<N_&

8[G3Z1X





M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !61JEI=KYMU%JVJ

%C+VMI*K'W:

M#N9MUXAT6QN7MKO6-/MYTQNBEN41ER
UHJ;,JZ//(O$'CF::.)(=(#.P4%],U%5!/JQC  ]R<5J?\7&_Z
ME7_R8KKZ*.7S#F\C\-KKZ?;%\0-OG\P&-X6C-N5.3B
!1(
9VD/G[H()R:?



MQ &
%?&G_D<;
M/_L'I_Z
ZT445T'.%?(=?7E?(=85NAM1ZGMOP;\/1VVCS:_+&XN;
MIFAA8N-OD@C. .Y=2#G^Z,8SSZ?7(?__DG6E?\ ;;_T<]=?6L%:*




M:NO_ .%7^#?^@/\ ^3

Q

M%3&$E*[*E.+C9'E_QLLI(]?TV_+)Y4UJ85 )W!D8DY]OWBX^AK%^'WCO_A$+
MFX@NXI9].N

RQG+1N!PR@D#G@'IT'/&#[AXD\-V'BG2O[/U#S1&)!*CQ-M9

%L9V'Y@
'OG!/6E-
M.




G(
MDCJLJRI(%8@.OEL<'U&0#]0*]#^-/_(G6?\ V$$_]%R5YS\+_P#DHNE?]MO_
M $2]<\OXAO'X#W;Q7_R)VN?]@^?_ -%M7RU7U+XK_P1.US_ +!\_P#Z+:OE



GH&R










MS





M6U\B/9_H=Y'#YA[LVV3DG\AV R:SO^$:^*O_ #WU7_P;+_\ '*]UHJ?9KN5[
M1]CPK_A&OBK_ 
]]5_\ !LO_ 


M_P!&1U6^


MZ^.O M[X9U*>XM[=Y-(D8O%-&K%85)P$







==@..O?K6J:2U
;-O0K?$G5UTCP-







M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444

M4@2(!N0GN
@C(]P17G?_  I;PY_S^ZK_ -_8_P#XBO1Z*3BGN-2:V
7PQX8L


MRQ




M[N;J V=M(WV9PI?$8P&R",X.,=0/2N9E^-D;\/%K5PMGN4F)X5:3;QD;\

M=C(6XN7#




MY8/M8D$

MO\-?#O0_]^U]:?:+BY*[4DN65C$.^WC!/3/7''&3GK**E0BM44YR844451
M(4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%


M+:A@@_X2OPY_T
&E?^!D?^-

MN?VS[&_LD?4NA^*-&\2?:/[)O/M/V?;YO[ITV[LX^\!G[IZ5KU\AT4U6\@]C


N
TU6[B=





MBV2ZD2
C.2


MH]KH+V6IZG%\9O#4DT:/;ZE$K

MJ7\M6Q(%!P24.& SZCN/6O!_^$]_ZE+PK_X+O_LJS=2\1P:G(LDGAS18'7:

M'D$5\I7]VM[=M.EK;VJE540VZD(H50O&23DXR22222:?8ZMJ6E^9_9^H75IY

XS@\XR?SI^V\@]EYGU5)=VT-S#;2W$23S[O)B9P&DVC+;1U.!R

'BFUA*3&RO&+9$D\&& XX^0J

ML#SRJBEN3C)/7@_E7@E[\6?%EU

M\N7GEU[4%=\9$4[1+P

M.[=TQCG-
LM0LM2A

3.CEMQCLPX^459UWXG:QX@TJ73[VPTKRWZ.+

M[/?11
&@%\K2&W(4K^[.X%1M.
=



=SG'OBOG*BI560W2B?3
WC[PK!
M]IWZY:G[-MW[7SNZ;, [_?;G'?%4'^*?@]7C U1W#MAF6VEP@P3DY7IP!QD
MY([9(\!L;RT\SS]

M242ND+ 8RH



$9KAY762:1TB2)68D1H3M0

U0'Q
M;\






W/?;*H]N .E4[J:.XN7EBM


1D

9F1$E*@NJ
64-W ) R/? ^@KY&K5BU6RCAC1_#VFR

==@..O?K7A-CXN?2_


M]GF63;G.


M4D$W^L22\O&W#!&



ME)B$2&Z!(QD%488)Z#+*


M8KV&XE5C'Y\:A6(&2

M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** LCQ7_P B=KG_ &#Y_P#T6U:],EBCGADAFC22*12CHZ@JRG@@@]0:
M&/D:BBBN([ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***

M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH *R/%6J?V+X5U/4!-Y

MSD


M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B


M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !115/5=2MM'TJZ


M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 45


M42%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444






CI:2%64\

M


'/$%WI,LR3-;L,2* RE0






I))/3L  <_N<H<G




 9L







MOI+B0V;WTJL2KWK;P 1C&T *1U/()R?IBYJ?C;POX;A^S27]N&A5HTM;0;V4










F?!*^\O6-5T_R\^?;K/YF[[NQMN




# +=\$#OD/\
_C6-7\BZU/_B7V
M1D(DCD!6X*CN%(P,GC+?7!&,^PWM[HW@GPV'=4M;V79%#&

M]R3U-*$.K'.?1%#XB:Q#H_@G4&E&Y[N


M4
RGVQGK7J_Q-U3^S/ E]MF\J:ZVVT?RYW;C\R].
H'Y_KBM*6D6R*FLDCIK
MW4++381-?WEO:Q
VT//*J*6Y.
N+=<(&'3
M+M@8)[KNZ9]
_/U%2ZSZ#5)=3T#7/B[KVIQRP61:; _ :(EY0-N-YXZG.0








HR0
DUE*G)
KIAI)HY
MI;)A1116A 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %
EEC@ADFFD2.*-2[N[ *JCDDD] *?7
_$*.[E\ ZPMF7










=7FU9]-MY+^5D9IY5WL&084

MX]KOC;Q!XC1HK^_?[

MLD



M?Z =23P 




M2I(SW&[..^


C%-2


M*VKNZAL;.>[N7V001M+(^=JJ,DX'/05D0W7AOQQI3QH]KJ5K_%&P^:,G
M_CZ#!^+MSK^EZE8W]AJ-[;6$L/DD6\\B*)02?FQ@9((QW.T^E=:4#G:;F:


5








MNYS2DFE8****L@**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **







M?NXQG#$CV!YQR2/;Z^1*Z/_ (3WQ5_9WV'^W+KR?[V1YO7/^LQOZ^_3CIQ6
ML*EE9F4Z=W=&Q\3_ !;_ &_KILK*Z\S2[/IY;9263^)^G.
[1U'!(/S5PE%


MMHHC+E=PDKJQW?Q.\76?B?5;2+37\VRLXSME



M;+=SG(/HK9ZYP,XY)'FU%.,FG=:35F?5E[HFDZE


[98G*



ML

@NK?SHW;J0-H;(! Y('8X]*M6V@KSCYG
MEO@?Q=)X1UO[28WFLYU\NYA5B5SD


MG]TK_O[)_P#$54T;XL^)-
*Y$C#CCE5!YQW%:?NV1^\1A?\*7\1_\_NE?]_9/_B*LV7P4
MU:28B_U6R@BV\- KRL6XXP0O'7G/X5M7WQMTZ/R_[/TBZGSG?]HD6';TQC&_

MZ+R
@\L

W] .
GM[D@'R'4OC!XDO-RV:

M %%%% !1110!]3Q:]:-JEW83ND$L



MA1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%



M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110






M@;C@MT'4=2
9H SJ*])TCX-:S=H)-3O+?3U*GY%'G2!LX (!X(YR&/;CTW;
MGX(V30PUUJXBE5?WS2PJZNW'*@%=HZ\$MU'/'-JG(EU(GC-%;OBKPK?^$]5


M #!/0X'7![$\)0TT[



M#*O22

0?O<
M#.*5M;
OJ4=K&S)(ZDQHK$[3@<L3G&0!W


MXUK.)8R/E6


MRL

M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%='X5\%ZKXLN1]EC\NR20)/=O]V/C)P





%O#5WXKUM-.M72
!3)-*
MW2.

TTKAE;@$JJY7L 

QSERHU?#O@;0?#.V2RM/



POM4C.2/GSDY'4XX&
M








MDY[ YX/H:[C1O@O?S[)=8U*U0[&
-N/







MD%%%%( HHHH ^D/$?BIO#'B?28[R1&TS4E


M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** LKQ'!'=Z%/9S7CVD5TT=



MTZPW?)Y1Q
R2ZC


(2&'.Z-0A_#*G'M5UOA(I;G
T445SFX5
M[Q\+?!DF@V#ZKJ





ZQ7-

XYQ4-2
**** +^


<XSSFA_%'PWJ\<23W/\ 9UTW

^WRJHX



M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHK-\0W4UCX:U6[MGV3P




;J5_<73!F91*Y*H6Z[1T4<#@



];26-XV-]
P#*02

M25&


MQ5NX+'!QWC[]O%J^GO!FF_V1X-TFS*RHZVZR2)*

KO\[ C QAF(Q[5I25Y7
M
ZKLK&IJ%['INFW5_
KM%;0O
X098JH).














H;*$:J]E%;L[
@B
BR

&8Q1YS

M-TLKA%7)P
D\#D@5XYK/QHOY]\6CZ?%:H=ZB:X/F/@_=8*

MK6IZU-YNI7]Q=



Q).
]N:=9Z6)I+6Y6H

]JVJXV7


MRJ_Q#G=D'L:Z7.



CKSFO1O@O_ 
CC=_\ 8/?_ -&1U4/B1
_A

7+8


M $?*7QU)X.W@XYR


5[A\4K[^QO #6MI'Y27
D=FOE-L$:8+$ #L50KCCAOPKS7X47ME9^.(

W/A.\N=0U[BENI(S D=N24$AB22 2<J/ICOGC
M:^(&L2:)X*UZMYDBN740PDL5;<Y .W!!W!=S#'3;GM73!<L;LYYOFE9'@/B
1@\9Q6K\-9;V/Q]IB6
B*TK
LH
9NM



EGHUHKX@EDEE=

'HH&

MBK(BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 



M=6/K*OD2O6_$7Q=LM3\




M
[I+VT\RU'_+U;DO%VZG&5Y8#Y@
GIFNUT3XT316PBUO3_/D7:!/;$*6&5!+


M*BMP /E((&



'E)V[@-HY

MO$OQ=U74_


MQ]

MW2O^_LG_ 


3QQOYKJPSD%4R1C

0M*1Z3?W]II=A-

M# '/).;X@\3:KXGO%N=3N/



M=Y[F9MTDC=2?Z = !P 






M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 59LM0O=-
MF

M
457/+N3R1[

M30R/'+&P9'1B&5AR.A%
HH ?++)/
\TTCR2R


****8@HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B


M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444


MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *YSQ?#J;QZ-

\LNW:B








68#G'8U#K7P4^XVA:EZ!X[X_7)#HOTXV^IS



MU--TY(2J19YM17JME\$;V2$F_P!:MX)=V L$+2J5XYR2O/7C'XUL67P3TF.$




M?-G@]6(Y/MBS_P *O\&_] ?_ 

*O
M\&_] ?\ \F9O_BZ/^%7^#?\ H#_^3
W_ 


M .+H_P%7^#?^@/_ .3,W_Q='L9![6)\Y45]&_\ K_!O_0'_P#)F;_XNC_A

*O\&_] ?\ \F9O_BZ/^%7^#?\
MH#_^3
W_ 

S

MGSE17T;_ 
*O\&_] ?\ \F9O_BZ/^%7^#?\ H#_^3
W_ 

MO_K_!O_ $!__)F;_P+H_X5?X-_Z __ )

M_P#0'_\ )F;_ .+H_P%7^#?^@/_ .3,W_Q='L9![6)\Y45]&_\ K_!O_0'

*O\&_] ?\ \F9O
M_BZ/^%7^#?\ H#_^3
W_ 

M?X-_Z __ )

M5T'.%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
J444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 ?__9
end








begin 644 gcjyfw4enocf000004.jpg


;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#W^BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****


\BGT %%%% !1110


 5 (6)^8


M#\W0*OXGO]
U5.O+%

DGL*Y7[?JBRL4=G
MMV






CD8H.:KW%S#;D60*3T&,D_@.:
MJP6^V

M:75^NIR37$
$D@A@)0+MSD$8R.01\Q[46VMR1IO75;:ZC!.4FA:-Q@ D9!/8

M]CN2.U=/(3'$TLTRI&HRS
O 'YUP.E^






WB[2'MX=U


M!:OMW$UI#Y2&-BT8YV-Z\CZU

M+F
 \9SCOG.#6K8:P(BKMJ
MQ9GCS9X1@'9O&'4#^'GD'ZU-'H^F17TE[]GN





M7+98KOQ'?P72I+'
XDV]5QL''OS47V*;1]?BFL8V(!!


M01G)_.L2737FUA-7TQEANQ@7$#\+


:E3FIKXM6NSZ_YG3264 M5A(8HG(&X\51B


MCXE+0K.N3'
$Z197FE^'S<PQ()F/EQGRRP
MW$X&0.HK6\:7DL^G?V9-;[ZK\ZCD2 9!'7C-=HD*V@$$:_(GLO0BLBXT..
MXU07UR[2)%RD1/WF[?A7(W3O\2W[HZ8SEU1G:9XBDTG3[.^OD#-=C9+@$$LF



TRVMKT ^7=7



Q*C
78(.6)Z]JQ_LR2W!;^)&(%1-;#B['







X2Y0!9&52!R
A@#V/I]:YK6;36I;MK));4V!B+/.6PY;LN
IW.H173Z9%-96Q4@LYW%ADAC[ GH?


M66*/&XF
ADRP^;!^Z


MIT/XUIW
8

/)0C+&/D?BI&5_E5OQ!


M;J(2QW((=IV\X'3C''6JWB-A+J-K%'YDOF1;=L6T[N22#GBJI8JK&7)'9F2I


-EJ3@3B5VPW^ZP/



MB?\ +$%#\Q]N




MB




:Z,4?F1EW5=YC
M&X<XSS]**%/]Y'U1SXR;^KU/\+_(W/AA)]AM]9,+;;A_)V!NX!;/\Z]CW6Y
^U*=2U]CY?#*-/#I_UN0V^EK+?R7]K)):R2C$Z+]QSCEA
MZ'W]A65<^%]1DO);VP%E9R%%V.V9#ZMC R?459A\1W#6=M'<6K2/*51Y/-$


 9&.X JEJ^NZ1HFIQ6]PTP
T99

MU&R\3V





MY_[K_OH5(/#42Q[/M4QYSN.




M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!




<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntitySmallBusiness'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityShellCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_DepositsOnPropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockCommonValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockCommonShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueRestrictedStockAwardGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueRestrictedStockAwardGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_ProvisionForRecoveryOfLossesGainsOnAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAdjustmentOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_ChangeInReserveForInventoryObsolescence'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCostsAndDiscounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidExpensesOtherNonTradeReceivablesAndOtherCurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherNoncurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromMaturitiesPrepaymentsAndCallsOfShorttermInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfMachineryAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseExcludingExchangeRateEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsIncludingDisposalGroupAndDiscontinuedOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsIncludingDisposalGroupAndDiscontinuedOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashInvestingAndFinancingItemsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionFixedAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_ConversionOfWarrantsToCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessDescriptionAndAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsAndChangesInAccountingPrinciplesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesDisclosureCurrentTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WarrantsAndRightsNoteDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_WarrantDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_RetirementPlanTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RisksAndUncertaintiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NatureOfOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_ShortTermInvestmentsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_TreasuryStockPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_RevenueRecognitionShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNewAccountingPronouncementsAndChangesInAccountingPrinciplesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_ScheduleOfNetSalesByCategoryTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SummaryOfPositionsForWhichSignificantChangeInUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIsReasonablyPossibleTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherCommitmentsAxis=frpt_ManufacturingAndServicingObligationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationFiscalYearMaturityScheduleTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNonvestedShareActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=frpt_PerformanceBasedOptionsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNonvestedShareActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_NatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfOperatingSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDepreciationMethods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowanceIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsRelatedToTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidAdvertising'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_NatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_NatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_TransportationEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_NatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=frpt_RefrigerationEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_NatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_NatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_NatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_NatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_NatureOfBusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueInitialApplicationPeriodCumulativeEffectTransitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis=us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201409Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueInitialApplicationPeriodCumulativeEffectTransitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis=us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201409Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueInitialApplicationPeriodCumulativeEffectTransitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis=us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201409Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueInitialApplicationPeriodCumulativeEffectTransitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis=us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201409Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerAssetNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis=us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201602Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=frpt_GroceryIncludingOnlineMassAndClubMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=frpt_PetSpecialtyAndNaturalMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWorkInProcessAndRawMaterials'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWorkInProcess'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryValuationReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=frpt_RefrigerationEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LandBuildingsAndImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_TransportationEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByAssetClassAxis=us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=us-gaap_ProductMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSoldDepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperationsTaxRateReconciliationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationPermanentItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_IncomeTaxLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExaminationPenaltiesAndInterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_TaxCutsAndJobsActOf2017AccountingChangeInTaxRateDeferredTaxAssetIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardAxis=frpt_IndefiniteCarryforwardMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_IncomeTaxLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=stpr_NJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_IncomeTaxLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=stpr_NJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_IncomeTaxLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_OperatingLossCarryforwardsExpirationYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=stpr_NJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_IncomeTaxLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_OperatingLossCarryforwardsExpirationYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCountryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_IncomeTaxLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCountryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_IncomeTaxLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_OperatingLossCarryforwardsExpirationYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCountryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_IncomeTaxLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_OperatingLossCarryforwardsExpirationYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_ForeignCountryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_IncomeTaxLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_AccruedChillerCostCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_AccruedFreightCostsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedMarketingCostsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedUtilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesAndExciseTaxPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBorrowings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=frpt_NewRevolvingFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityIncreaseDecreaseForPeriodNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_LineOfCreditFacilityMaturityMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=frpt_NewRevolvingFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_DebtInstrumentReductionInUnusedRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=frpt_NewRevolvingFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=frpt_NewRevolvingFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=frpt_NewRevolvingFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_DebtInstrumentReductionInUnusedRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=frpt_NewRevolvingFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=frpt_NewRevolvingFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_ContractualObligationDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInSecondYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInThirdYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInFourthYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInFifthYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueAfterFifthYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WarrantsAndRightsNoteDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentExpirationOrDueDateMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAdjustmentOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=frpt_PerformanceBasedOptionsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_UnrecognizedCompensationCostsPerformanceBasedAwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardPerformanceTargetRangingStartDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardPerformanceTargetRangingEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=frpt_PerformanceBasedOptionsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardCompensationCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=frpt_PerformanceBasedOptionsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardCompensationCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardCompensationCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardCompensationCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardCompensationCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardCompensationCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardCompensationCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardCompensationCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=frpt_PerformanceVestedStockOptionsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=frpt_TwoThousandSixStockPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=frpt_TwoThousandTenStockPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=frpt_TwoThousandTenStockPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=frpt_TwoThousandTenStockPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsModifiedFromPerformanceBasedAwardsToTimeBasedAwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=frpt_TwoThousandFourteenOmnibusIncentivePlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfAdditionalSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=frpt_TwoThousandFourteenOmnibusIncentivePlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=frpt_TwoThousandFourteenOmnibusIncentivePlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_CostOfSalesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=frpt_CapitalExpendituresMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=frpt_PerformanceBasedOptionsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedNumberOfShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedNumberOfShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedOptionsForfeitedNumberOfShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedNumberOfShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedOptionsForfeitedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=frpt_PerformanceBasedOptionsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedNumberOfShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedNumberOfShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedOptionsForfeitedNumberOfShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedNumberOfShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedOptionsForfeitedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRateMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRateMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockDividendsAndOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_PerformanceSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_WarrantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanMaximumAnnualContributionsPerEmployeePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAxis=frpt_PurchasesOfRawMaterialsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAmountsOfTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_NumberOfMajorCustomer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_NumberOfMajorCustomer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_NumberOfDistributors'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_SupplierConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_NumberOfVendors'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_SupplierConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_NumberOfVendors'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_SupplierConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_NumberOfVendors'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MajorCustomersAxis=frpt_CustomerOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_NumberOfMajorCustomer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MajorCustomersAxis=frpt_CustomerOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MajorCustomersAxis=frpt_DistributorOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MajorCustomersAxis=frpt_CustomersTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFDICInsuredAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialDataAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'

O+G)E;'.MDD^+
MPD 
Q;]*F?L:5\'#8CUYZ6U9_ )Q)OU#.Y



*P).B0\5?UX^8 TBTH_0(:+L A#&^NQT:E8(C

=(^\    K @  $0   &1O8U!R;W!S+V-O


B7ZU-P.
MP2E*S[ #K_1![1#JJFK (2FC2
$


!3+UES@6QHO(];JM-O=5H1I;*$81V1@?5XL:$#05%%:;U\@M.4?
M
_@5RU2-9:
!$U=!)KF(M/+Y;

M5
+$P&IG/U9KQ]'22(R7V4!;I)]J/3%0@R#3LZG5C.=GSVQ.V?C
K:=#1M






_Y/%_GM
T+
T.W


M4E5@
5O& RN0HGQ


MOT4SMA*7&+SCYL=Q3E.X$G:V#P(RN;LYJ7IE


G'G%$0%T10(C



U_HL@6V$5#)DU1?*0XG!/3-R0]A4)?.NVB8+
MA=OB5

)%K/]8UA[Y
M



0QY@%CS#*%F.-^'19H:
M



M-Z*2MU5




M/7/T;$(OOVB!DND*
.:#//0&(6. !2I0 #KQ3QF!!(YYADK
(-\[YTT/




J--SZ!'J?@D*#F
 -
M1G#K$VAL!DH


O

MI
3;MR\E*X:7

X

: 2?'7
5S[A_O%6
I+VWX;'W[;K0HQ.@I-V YC$W6\





MI[Z;?HO5]O'M^UJJ9?D^MC-+JIL$'R3XHV)#%5+?)67

M)1LOIWCU&&^3(FX2

MK))(4YH$30[TBSCC1UY!-'FB3R$FPTE1BB.A  3GK%&S*L(4

*9$8
DPB




MF-RLY%D+%+8JA2TPM!5:: VI)RJT&KQ4F=4+/&Z!\C8%5P4


ME

\?
&3=:(EWP+RI$1*2IV2$BD I=8ZY20K YFA)/*41$I)G5(2
M*?PD2F&]2G=W&TX:MTE.@L]M1#
[44K*M 
JI/C[A *D1N-2I'#:Z
E[4#:S
M@I%G)=)-KDXWN;/FAVP17YN%49G#6!FJ2/7J3H3;\4%5*B?D)M$#/S'WFB
M(B6J3HF*S+X48R\K9=







MK?ZENF-)O2SIFB5U6$8)6531IV[\.#S_H[QC(EXFLF8B#A-954H((1EY=(25
M3Q@GF*0/?J+
2Y2MB3*'*/
$@  &    'AL+W=O






@T;WD

?=L0 Q/* 5HIDVBT@)M<( =SL8.
M!]B04OR$








W-F=N?


ZGQ7N=;_?^J1Q5[[M=5OYW[_/B.!O#^








@O6J@.P-]-A#7DS:=@?E

[F

VQ$MSLUW_]K^P8E6X^S%W.$T^&C\=Y/X$P4N(Z$
6

MPET[F?*1)!M)
I& U%-&D=!HX^@&6


M0'U@6L$-C=F!R&X0Q@Z



8D.T56/)


6+/7)B
M;VB18K&?H-*(49%$W
[TS
PYHZ!'QA&-V
^.'S#(#1C:5Q@/!2.5%912# 
9







M???4MOWHQWJUV=V

M_3!HO9J2


M#(B_E^W;[NS[:)_*MZ[[OO_QV_W-V.P9M:OVKM^':
K':SMO5ZM]I
+CWV/0

TWATWSXT+ZO^:_?V:WM
R(]'




M=_N+0[&'_Y7R[
K5UUMKP_7T=1_HB)D=
'2..2&F)?KI%H1N
2


M;())03V0N
@J+
WH$E9XR3*QC@)IP\F9AE_@!IDS=EX53H8ZNP'M!/DKY7
M-XO&IJFGL9-O#'1^RCI:Z3U(05?*S[V*0N,BJ11661!SEBI5@ WB3DZ^307
M)B*2U-%0TV+*L=RZEEHSUF0L%Z5NL& +.QJJ].

M5ON



M3Y]4^ .D=3@# .4/
ZB\) *Z+5_)S!CH=MEXY:@2T
!2UUQL3M+7P/SA5
5.
MP
 )'$GV6K
]E^9==LES )S82)RMW/8BI+-4MMNUZ8]=@($+..EDK%V ;'*D

/








M=GGHNKXM-






$%     @



0'P.^QC=ZDQ)6=CGH/QN2[H+@@
M94/#!RWSR E($(9;S,G'1)&8#K\SO[QU@[UG+F#AZ,_%JWQ7TCI(:&CY(

\_4WA/_)GFP19)
C^6^)6

!




MG@
E4_&?X08JP&
/X2S'<=L-#QVTP]B\S<N?@-02P,$%     @ (9<3H&#C+VT
M 0  T@
_?N.+(!
+F_0@2AYQNZ=7Q+)K6!0<KLHXW\ W<]^YDO
5F



V ? 6Q


8DRQC

!  #2



VR+=L7P
;O^=F8;$3S8EL


MK

Q7^&

M))PH
H
C

96Q#LOWGKOI=A=)QF[!*(YYCC%\'7
$L$\


  !D





2GR-'






M07%[A1UH?U.C4=QYTS3
=@9X%4E*LC1);ICB0M
BB[Z3*3+LG10:3H;87BEN


]7:=O

':3
M26*M+\%VFN7O&3O9$#BQ?:,YYPY,Q[GHW7/O@,(Y$4KXPO:A=?&/-5!UKX


7X%/!-
MPNA79Q(KN5K['(V/=4%W41 HJ$)D$+C=X!&4BD0HX\?

M+5?AX=&J[[(.74'O*:FA$8
*3W;\ '
];RB9B_\$-U 8'I5@CLHJGU92#3Y8

ML3=5=*96I#L4[]%[*_='GK-;))ICSE



N6^U 0  T@

+?V X
MWM36:1'0= WSG0-1)9!6C&\V=TP+:6B1)=_9%9GM@Y(&SH[X7FOA?IY V2&G

M6KR-NS1I'\:; Y]@ZP ^ ?@

M4RO2'8KWZ+T6V\-MQJZ1:(HYC3%\&3-'



M&/
4C
]U09






/8LLW+O\ 4$L#




MZX*#%5G'&_@*[EMW
MYB
TLE%&@K4!




M&&]NK[!U0#H!TAFPCP V)HK*/W+'B\S@0



M;6Q]4]MNW 0_17$!X1=UDE7*]M2-E'52*VT2M7FF;7'%P48!_ Z_?L=APG

[BDI

MM&!E[*Y\B/4^ \V&Q(J%XY?_-F,8S8:#KOI!['Y&^=_ 5!+ P04      (



VS'461)5
M6C&^V;QC6DA#BRSYSK;(L/=*&CA;XGJMA?U] H5#3K?TQ?$HF]9'!RNR3C3P


MH/21083M@^@50*



M:R2:8DYC#%_&S!$LL
\I^%J*$W\#Y^OPW:K78+O_E%X6?8KQ+L$\'^OR6N


_2N('U!RN;3K3DFD7J=IDU;IU&G;9RYQ$E3 *9!+^^\')
VR+=L7P
;O

M)#=




M*?UFSE+:Y+TL*K-*S];6CXR9_5F6PCRH6E;NEZ/2I;!NJ4_




YH BS








1_6
M:=&_TN($NA#H#8',1J'R)V99F6LU(3V?_<#\%:<'ZLZF\LEP%.&;*]ZX[*6D
M]#XG%R^T8(XSAFXPZ8H@3GVUH#&+(_V'3N/T7;37:#OMN[9?_SW48%]$-C_

[5TKDI7@

M];^B_ U02P

M971S+W-H965T


Y;9WKCXS9L@4M[ WV


_&6VQ1J:2&SDKLB($ZI_?[XRD-^ CX*6&T
MJS

F
M#
RUXDF3L&H1FS&G\!5FOR85U]\*T0)_X?G6_3D\T,DTA/
MUM$/AVV!=%,@C0+I/R6F'TK<PGP,PE8]U6:.$V6E#AT<9)7WF5@[^
CLK_P


MVG\(4[?:D@LZ_[*Q_Q6B Y_*YL:/4.

MWP%02P

M+W-H965T


J:9%)
05ROON!VE]\.!%S
M-Z5UNJMP9R9Y9;RW@D2?
GRS1 OF/&/(!G-8$=BPKQ+$)W$F_X43?WCDS3!R


M%5R%-HW@GFLMA :32GAG;K4U\V@U&-3:;E.SEW-7SH86PS)P\#KUBK]02P
$

M

M&T)IPHOM&9]SYN)Q/FKS8CL AUZE4+; G7/]@1!;=29O=(]*'_3:.9\Z9I


MZP(G(2$04+F@P/QV@7L0(@CY-/[
FG@)&8CK\[OZUUB[K^7
+-QK\9O7KBOP
M'J


@6+F#\RQ


;D$0K[Z$H%LACO03G6[3T\T
TTA/U]%OLFV!;%
@
MGXE]ME%Y\0#'W;\?
M8-?U,KZ8N^.YYYX#SOFHS9OM !QZET+9 G?.]0=;-6!9/9&]Z#\3J.-9
Z[


Q_@(^,5AML;A4[.6K\%


MQVGGCLYIZ00Z)] EX3[6(5.AJ/R).5;F1H_(3&??LW#%VP/U9U.%8#R*N.?%
M6Q^]E#3;YN02B&;


8%\\[;9GK+D^-T/X\I
M6?X5Y5]02P

M971S+W-H965T

M@


91



C5(DJ$B$RN
M1##


W5J6AWLI;&=

$%

S N


-L;


MVP ^ _@=@$V%HO(/PHDB
S@2
\V^%^&*TR/WLRE#


M3O-G6I6X 0  T@


0B5GQ.=@?LSN@D)@8+

G'263( E^=W]J^Q=E_+65BX0_5+EJ[)Z TE)52B5^X1
MAWN8ZME3

-[LDPFV#N 3
M@


M33''







X44]J*H:/)D\?LQ.PTO
P?#Z

M8F)L=-6-W\'FU/6ZGKV85.KBYW0LF_%XGOV_FF$#F@WHHP9B-A 7 ^+O&L2S
M06P91%



1L%8Q.A#7#G*&

!!; 5!F
2Z:^]C
MWB22P40RX

FO6JH8

'Q\EAG!S$L;;@.G=N'

9

DBZ65.8#%


TD_9N #A#
M)M-\.WG@+V
<FG+$(:

XP*SC.B&:C'+2'RD6@3*/7$P%0E0





/48T-G
3@_+]/RUUJSF
#UG^H]AJ73H_


I^/LO8QWJ0YSIWA/DBC_;Z;C[#!QP3T-?-]MMF4UX$W'^VBC_]3E






MX9?7(HSZDE*K6!==TI2JS[C=5L(N*!1C7%ZDK16]P*
7R$ZSTC07G94*E%*$
M


R1F_<&U'UM/G
M8$C6TW+05





M
O0IV!]V!F\!KPT

3YV]F\:W



)[




KCB\E

EJ49IS4'8OCF/2O)_PE559\V:T

4]3!O=$9$/HXR!@'-=DHB?C)]Q





.\?PY;'8RX-\MFC&+#AKU+)/VCT%ZR^4+0!(5
\F4
F<[X&!/3?U-IG=U<RGM
M==D=';J;VAS=L2CJSV:K/U!+ P04      (AEQ.ZO\@%$
  M!@  &0


MPDJI?AM%\E2QELHGWK-.KURX:*G20W&-9\8/=N@MHF2.$ZCEM9=6.1V[B*

EOJ)ZIHD0L^!&+\63TU9P)LH=[


M-GC+LZ):A@=KC_=15&T..D^J.W/4A7NR

M?3X^EFX4]5FV::Z+*C5%4.K=


MPS@


M $H$3H 1[&TT7Q8\\7K 
X3I0






X+GAM;(U5[6Z;

8V7Q%!:A)-F[1)4:=M
9<&8\E[JJI%KOUJ70$@
MCP6KJ7S@+6OTDS


;
/I




-B()K)RI'R8@P

MT9V OVC4@$D



B ^985S]P+QJ



M970T
YX;6Q]5MN.FS 0_17$!ZRYYR*M2J6JF5HJW:/CMD$M IK83MG]?




(C?%?3B
M:NSH5':




V1ZC5<Q;&84K.6FC$Y ,FN,+X$X(H
M]2E$@(7(@SMZ<!M@?8\(XUO(YAZ2+' 3(9IG:/CA38@(%XA0@<@(1#<ELD<




M\BW0( M$PX?AK'+AV'L\F&8!^53S0B][SQ$PBX@K(KB(+L$J(@NX;DZK)N

H



MP;.9XACC)






H--QDHF.L9='8?V]];)0L.R\ZE3)[:Z]Y9:_G
M]@E_-\



L6PP

*1'!-I['P*P$$N8F
-E
M@-440:-+R.
4PE





KH5&7
M0-27#^47$^7XOJAR*8R*?X.





W
M =5@9CNA^_O9AB)*K+U@W^MSCL^]V
X&+MYD#:\]Y9U,O=KI?H=0K*LH:7R
MD??0Z94S%RU5.A07)'L!M+*DEJ%PLXE12YO.+S*;.XHBXU?%F@Z.PI/7MJ7B
M[QX8'W(_\#\2+\VE5B:!BJRG%_@)ZK4_AVA6:5J6NADPSM/P#GWOP2[ S%X

M?/#$^+-Z:LY$L
.ZF:5)VM[9-5VMU-E;$6V#-V,T(39CYAP@0D_(P[W$QF



(X=5LB3DODSA).UETB=\4_


#@K



M5*_Z)(3)WKJVU^O\9



9+OOOWK_XY&TR+UR+K6Q_-WMS6N=5
MGNW%@9];\R2O7\64$



07U/(



MFW]02P


4? V$5$FD-NVT29M4==KVFR9.@@HX



M*593]X[=/O*H#F@0OU-QJ$[.G7HH+U*^UHUORZGKUXQ$)A:J3I'HPU[
19;5
MF32/OUU2]UBS#CP]?\_^I1F\'LQ+4HFYS/ZD2[69NK'K+
4JV67J61Z^BFY

!Q 70 =

M'BQ:)1L&URBV;\
S2S2&K


^PX#1D/5

MU\&*X4@Q ^+F6#'\L7P@;?H2Q0#04,OZU@Q'@F&+ 8CA7#KU 
QXKAER@&

MN4Z+RGF12F\ZFZWA2DHE-$?_1L_%1B3+8R
3*U6?CO1YV6[*VX:2V^Z#@W?\


-\$F2V3N+Y9%S#.IX7H+
U O0#XTB
MDT8%S,IC&H]9DR2FDUKV]SZB0E]G)0\ UN3S9)




'?!
++MGQ0\O&OY?U!+ P04      (AEQ.C;1M51$  #:








_*?.2
A\IGI&6(IPAE



0E 6/3W#3U_^KW043[

M3^)[4_/?X0I


-UGM3F46[%?:;+E[JU6L9QZ0(KL9HTNQ&
M#7[0)+
FT/XS!#LAV!I$#P:YVR!R&D36(+$&G37 *
P798ZB]$X4IRB-GE0:

@2M]M^T-/'&N0'NB%UUWK9_8.6!P4F::
MZ;D8'YHQ4+R?WM!@?LC+_U!+ P04      (AEQ.D?^4Y3,  !5!@  &0



+6=L'W[^F ) 7?_Q/;P'3
^)GE/V1NO (3SWI6;]Q*
MB&Z-$\K:#!_HAVT\LN9L@8+N607Q#L&^*1)#4&!YR6HP77K%KF.'5B1TZL@
M=0L'YO!KTV#V=PN$]AO7=S\+_6E$BJ BKS#%_@)XE=W8'*%1I53W4#+:]HZ
M#,X;]]E?[S.%UX#7&GH^F3NJDB.E;VKQ[;1Q/940$B%4L!RN
$.%%
HT_
M@Z8[6BKB=/ZA_D77+FLY8@X[2G[7)U%MW

M(!*N


MAC2TT16@4@+1 \;-:MC:SQQK0F2=_W4[M-;+6)+3;AS
9@LJG-4Y#971*K


M='




M-JL.:WJ?M^B(

MQ%&Q##TX=H-0-ZXH
3=^[.$ZE4@AQYJ;5*.T&VL^(TWDZS;5T%AQ!WJCQY+5

FK(D)NN,%LS86:C%
5B5TA$3-V NZ$GP2!)ESL
M!XF8U2CPSB'D0#UHA%!=F&992OP%B/2/2:L**8)#+O0IZ]]@?$3*7_*QCM=
M+QHNR[ =.C-(-&-?F%1A@2]N96-6A9L0

&$1*0:3!
-)KC,[6*L87)H@005P3& R:D

(@T$@BZ41@S0F
A(9YPL31(@@9IE(
M#(;



)4*)#
TJ
Y
M$C&5J\;H:'0FBW;OE4[/9#IK_S&N

M 6-R-#',2689NZ;3!'8W(T(

M


M
%X&G
CB^;N!(F;3
9A! QB


IA  PCTW(!AN

M7DIX]NQA
8868.B9W=%BNNR$Y&4Q.!:!$U=!2.29M&
Q-!9!$P%Z;=
SG?36


M$VZS6
RL10DQ61= Q*X+#+9%S#(IT6%FW824Z#+#J7$.%HD\LR^[SP#MQ?


/;C#8J1+;J@!G10FN2VQ'+P5L2VJI^XU
(FX+]7&4W'QJ@;^9Y;,^;P5F<FO9[MU.J#W[4U:&[W=]

@+(/X'
HX-P]E7RX7;7
*
MVO/R'LMA%[%;H6=_

X8FF ^$+'V?J$@




0CPOK40OB35H01B/4OO-

 ]RG*XHU
M0*#T=C:/^^*AI=3WLB&P@B@ N3LG<(5=Z(H]R25Q!H@@0:0W= 9T+R.Z +A

K&D_.BFO5


K+\'U!+


M'/\:I^'
.1@NW]^]?QV3U\F\EKUXDO7WZJ@NVS /@Z
XE;=:?9/WWX1)B(6!







'-DB
M7MB'!D-Y-Q)7&N)*#7!?[7 -(?GGY8[@^D 0@7 $C[@*00AA)/5H

MI2!9E'D:WI $PJG)/*







M^-.2NMV:VK$_OK-_

M-/YASS]*1J*(0(+($$0/B9I:B6HP4X
IFTC326(%.P2A8(*LE&R'J-DD17[O
M-Z(^!M7'@/J9I1[ 1+XE'L(@2SJ$6Q2@V 0A2RR$B2RQ$


MUTOT'P43P143 25SN-
0*+7S!H'LRP&QH*&JR02M=PIP%08M?)9T!;$&3G

MJC[#= 





MP1\PRJ&@'=//HO\
8SU;C
;BO\(%F(';3$R




@
M T+4EN*]67'#%S




M:&5E='

MX:*U
;6=L/W[VH9E;KOF#/^)PS%^Q).L9?1 4@K5=*&K&W*RG;'4(BKX!B


M )YKZ
1D;^E*SHR]:./;96\[.B$@D$NM@-5R@P
0HH54&G\&37L
J8G3_9OZ
M%U.[JN6

7(&1'F


MP;@C BGU


D.R=IB<:!S?Z3]02P,$%     @ (9<3D
F;5'* 0  &@0  !D   !X


Q%&4$TX'@:O^RZJ*N1DV#@


M*MS]2-T3'TZQO9O:.?U5^#


M3GQ9*T P  $1


M=ABOQ11=1#2J=Q'Q'&)$







W_==(=%_R?E
2TJ
MZTTJ)?/V;.$@I1(U3?*A3LI))/MAD(F#:FZ#^K[L#FFZ@9+G_@#*&4[!-K\!





MY'59_$C?+T.]'MWOU8N_#6]A&?$RDCC'8[K



MDG6YUXD^$2AX[$8




FXTV

MN.WF&SNB3_4NT 0&1#)Y 3W1E]A+3!'%7F&*;*CK+F'=0(C(Y;9+%J8X*/KL


MSWI.TR+$X-E1?'N8A^1I?[


$

M;.V]:7




M'EH88U$NNC^_+^?#((W#((GB:??'#^7M








@HX4O\V2
M

7!2+W0[FI@)V^ ;+Y*OA.;,#!46!M)<D5%W? 8=9 PRJ4
M+O2[Y:R3







M_@I@'+^;79^=.-^^/_OX&6YF]_M?3L]^_ EO[.QG0

'%YQNX


PFF1PY1(KH=6@J


%2X
M)S9CE'XJ=@YZQ;)VE;,^(#F\Y  @N?P'^PI





PSEX10US7ZV
0?Q:E
2POI3[ @'+^
GS=
M=Y'.SG\^O=YWD0#'YV6Y:(.[IEX%JV*S;5@OA(-I067:'(/PNR(T$/?-A23@

@A_.SH%J[H'@




M^% J6SS;?[:K%;XGP&_7(*Y4(('C9()&XI%?UDN0RGO)J-FDWX: +X]OV\=B






F4I=?(+S !1.J&P^*
M/#W4L.SC^@F?+=OM;5LMJ@(%GF$P@UZ$ 7
YE)R,1'T&.0#R/0U[,IEM8*E
M@C
S?T


M/$^_0





XW^[AU&:!OIA\!-P
P#W'(EN:'3EYPPX%M#$-DR2$%\:




M6Q!U[7

+3WKM*';:$ATN'\;)6!
M$5H4*?!4R:Y5BH-BRLHLE(Q.AL$HA!N

M=%=GOMNVP#AV@I[J!X!3?.



2FY#M$VS5
M8$S





M;:8KL=\YRV_DYM[&V9;5KZB. 0M=(_ZQU+QP@
&*G*+*+'' 
C9]7JGX




MIPV&7;$ RD?!6:Q#2M



MP( T#DAA!8!$-&3XH5$59R$&1M4/,3(4EGW3*P@E@&X)CE1A&D6CB89@RH#
MNA/HI? J1=


M(&-LERRUPTTQY2ZTKYO/
87O.<LGR0;M16&S3V-U_0HJ9U
MF*+0+;E',/@LY2MB%.+8YM=?R8D.HYR6_18UV3 *!M#V5*G!A[*RMV#P 2
MI*WE9.HS?N3W7./(,@TMFE2B:A]FB[+-=*O6)XC B#/P@(N+UL^RZ;V%%6
MJ/LZL*1FO9EQ6(TPK9'%14KP(&6!C@((S*H)VTK(G_%G.::.%3HSAE12E?K5
7*GR ?@!:C62')! MXF_*^0/%



M0I!&LQ98FYR$%-*N351XLFD3#.\$H:MW% :&D=DPBAK@-FGQFFP2^(ZQ(8\&




\(9X

M.)4]K?%=H'[B52D];%$MB&.2@RI;U]D9C%Z&YF2&1IN/U]M3O#-IYU[T;16J
MM?1J$W S7S\
8YAEW;[6(P


M?+@&?!A


MLJGOJ@W

#%F*X@D
M+[730)HAOY!COR.9L0]JI=^I+D*Z5JK?.V5A5NHY%5#:]NNV+-RT9_RY(4

#&&3DJFZ[R
= US#@.@'
MD0P9NW*D'PLX1 6X


M!I70PN(IB04ZSZPH\A?R03^BU:[
CD&M8&QRA+?BAOFRV^ZK

M*$IJ&=+7\/



R
MRI12&AR'Q=V\
3)/=-J;VFT&9=EZV6U+1/

M1!PG$-)R#(PJU:WX2[$F1&=2E O!M.B1O95H*F
U2KQ<T(@%'/NS
F3B\*('S(9


MDS.X%,R&H#Z,8;&(,W$H#1,XW4YH



OZ/%24'<SD)+EOVAQV33-
)(



M\%+OY0D=35=8L-X./I1H7%A:9ASW+S)@#B: V7#1X%+&^6@ F#\!TO)*?OU*






M[4!)W[S&/Z8I_9$


M(@%04K 1&H34'+&4Y21(R'V^4G3))QF.0F-2 =1F(0%3V+X=-XY-8?6^:.+
M-A:+11Q]]P
^4Y_?O%1/=-;MX4- M
4@1+&210:@E@\ 7$;-IK ST9 )P=&

O?

H-J$=\$843I -YH=QC%]J5P2#R<E3IKD1^G'+.4&




H+QC

MIED2E\7PC V*#!I%X B3!-6;#
XO0F-7[NMC+&('^_DF%N-(

M







M&T*P09S!ZJ-H$.=3K
JE?O]Y=J




KGKH
M@CPO

M2+!!]P'.P;S4X76=9
CB8MP#-2G6E%&0@_
))5'
- P0[.R(IZ&28+3Z$G06



MRT\I
$ML)D22 8:*44MF[ A=^Y\J?(7D*B
+](E


MN7C7Q&5N61

)M.1P#$
M*4


MQ#G66[JL
MU4:TCL)+XAC^+$Y$9E4JHF(7
.G!
]1#\87-N#)UOYE%Q KG
MINQA8OP28P0D #0FJ-^Y-\W(K[5ZQ48I'TRY1PJBWKEZ
S6WLM$G(E113\%$
MIH9S*@@JXX!-[.M8/GSB#I=6UUDAR?^W50ZY;M5UX\)?W-DV3LNLR5FOV#Y]

M
(*H]RH;G;6HU#.]R=S<QZ'I* \QLA=31:9A
M-$[%0I

MX3M JUV(E&6*/


QA13Z2I8DV4

DJ3:%7/0E837D2SD6=V93G9S

MDK(6&#\&&PJ9E2G6-Z+

MH6*(\B1Z!A)63Y3@=R+S':QM&;)O39W%4 BHB:\=VJ4B9/$)
1V/I4#H DLF
M*ZU-6)L93#785343NIRF7(A_6ZL)S+ ]OH8]
\O
X9)JS+' 5%


M8;3YJI2@IP)Z*?1MAK

C#(T2J0D[2?A%-PDY&=S.!8VL?+BA
M+%KP: 2/492X\2)7BH()5M5:?KPSY529U\^ZRWORUW4.B^ZSAU7-E]7=G4DY

M7;/S8389_
B'/LA'*)0.0#7/1@.YI
7@*

M31LFT;Z)I_B

M9$-

UQX-9CH24)YPN6=4QO9J?0R=CJG$L71J%JDL%

MZXG&80;
:2]G 9HP2IDEPEHF0TS00
+C#RN5Q<CS#%%[F^8GQ2MW.N
M/)

XW0'O_(P(\0H$(NR

J


ZK4-U_1#;N



M#-CV8RV*HG15H=_G2I8-+R1:BBI
](:GZZR:F[1T?J

@,QM!R/!P/QL.1^&LT3.$OD%8'5WXD', $<Z0#//Q:TSF
M19_@WQ0_)6/^E
)OIWX0#Z(A+%O]G^
M)DI%!+-.&I
3)BMFG6;'XTU$A6LQ

MF'13S(


--(#=*-1!'^AWR/(B?!7 I)M-IX._$K* %/MC/(89&VT

NC8(A
MF7C





WQC


KXYFY8*





\P^%3\!QRB*G)HN(?YA0==I0@M9WPY
MT=% Q:/3)20[# ;

42HM?A


:!1*M6LK@AG)?R4\?N!:3_(CC

3-E/

^
E'XP$PPDG.WV)6

M1Y0W_@CDZWB


NG0\

MP2(YDP%FQ0#XC@J*=:5F0#@Q_@G5EO!*D5[3@VV]VQ7@:!)





\JC@Z
G[AN9 3J





MBD6]O=W


G4S9TR6$
M--)U!:



ME!$\EI#SZ+
S



^



M



M?R%:Z3FK]4=F.T;%06&3*55DHR1^PH'AY88PVR\+W/D,'A_8U!A=\L#0/?
M8]H@ZL^U1HB&_2R

ME(]:?]WD4#@3.^7%_+61_2EW9(I_6_BWXH;(;N0MRHZ)P*+7G:VX4K&*JF'/

Q%?%+
BPY@V!
M--

M0-=_EO
77#%15&*ORJGF\;C=UT
_KE$P%O+?;4NF;

[YC_2:JQ)B
D
M7GHI(8=F6)DH$D19'EA?U:&B(B^



G(0Q^BI


D2OF_[E



WV[!R9^10&FJ
M8GMR#MM I7



L'E+)/0$HF+ZD=@<2*-4B?A=I7
M^-Y=?K#35Y@.R6J*K^BB953UJ^&2=HUAQ(1*GA9.N%@'@6525B)K4AZ\+T4

M

T#+;E
D[4@_
M
[*;XOK89BZ

M2KF':-S7N^Y&]Q*RC+\?R/49SO_Y_Y5W)YV,,$.&PZX(RJE*Q2CFUFK/%Z,
MS8J$ZG*MCCC8VOX_YAU_4EA+9A*%XV)S9AVBEF/#J!@36[R/Z3%\80W(QB$
M$)$4= /K0#
Q7ESI &5-UV+M %4P+$XRQVJ#@#&:3\H6RFJBB5JGRLPL?(
M^4!].BJ']\.P

MZ
N'^M@T!:-)H[
MP=KD)*2?=^W:PO-56\AX)PA=O:,P,!X*#,.V 6Z3%J_)1(0/6AORJS$MVC2@
M01P946C)+=9-/O&-6BWVK=

M^D:\9[]\VJ?[[LP&K]PWUTL=4*L0*^XQ6GMT.51A80B1[LPK5!S=T+DX;N[7
M(!\MMEP^0M;IN:0:@+;PTP@R WF95G?50#_7Q!@,T,&]=CG'.NNK;(@LO@

M

MJ)9(/GF4A9C5;9)@'CO\




.#K-R#$;
M

M!']-
@P0&UC!#69LPR#-
#M&F$RB03*%

M3EPLTXCD0E7[?/62(QVZ8S3?-1*YNU$OTKQ-D%O@[8'U5?$$X)2!S B27^J&

63J89QD+1W]DD#K-\.KA4\;&(&
/D6S)H3 7;3H-HSRF0KAC
M.- /TG!)]VHPK

 )=.!Y
PCN!3


NL<( ]PP=#+'N-G1
NI1.8:!P/9MKM38^7 IG-X.K)?_$]$*2<
MN<P;+_;Q!#82J@L@FL$,,4TW:9X
8H93%5#T9;V@V@IFR



0SI
M!+!

M_)? SR?


_NPX/
'R&0[P9)/D0



MT%9 C


M-3$9C0=8&W1*6EI.U7Q@:F2#F*P#1(^I)W7BJC)N4YD@.1\ET+P@;T^/X'P
MC'4F5?7S]]LN._RAU]8B/$=78@R5Q@WSG/)+G7 2-WSI'5P7?ZV

M+A2-)%D/1'0UB!_K

:1T!?24YR3W4$!YF0)$]Z'0R8IV
G-IM?


R^XQ7_4W/MOJKGG<5OV%!XXK-4?-=3^,374OJ4RS4$.#I=&$8[WL@C'
MM2[<6H5X7C?+< ADQA^E 4XKE4!CAOR73E5!3AF1@$.GRO$'^5 _M\H![(C


LUVV6^WOW.
[!










M? M



@7C(DQ87M'3.)=(UJ1&L##SF0^=
XR[WE4ZD#'S$4L7+3]=^KP61
'






MH3Z'K.I4+


N@!#7LAO7-)AY&QP[7K


M-;_(

?2-KCR6Z'\-G[&?'%9!K+8\YJK
M_JEN=-K(DPK7QT]Z?%Q244*TCFW.GEP97XFF%7?5-+_6#I]WM:V?U%;%
M@NY


-N
MF:I!*AJN8G@^0
#EWX@




M8\6SBS^7;/]5]@6_H$;3_XY Y/P81(;'(/(([N3L\B]K]+K6N-5_=[KO@()5
M0Z@BO%-;DBS#3H]Y_L3PSKR[Z$X/')NPIE=HI1_#._PZ-\
Y:JBZ-TNTP1B.

M9



V4
L9@^I6ZW2
MK6 K_A@U6XIZA%@DT+V
J]T2!L7-&KCM(2!O!G&;^F<?)'N:$E%P*3AK19Z6^'4
LS (IL086

M6T/\L[U\]HE&!:2$E]@(
5=\!#3^FRC 19
0B^%/QKI:^Y?[H

GEYL0TPC&;%&CK.H%P$Q@63$ D%3F/@A




0L5!);Z





M\O56H+?R]5:@MU[AK 0=EO#U5JW\O56H+?R]5:@M_+U5JW\O56H+?R]5:@





M9%4HLBH4616*K I%5HTBJT:15:/(JE%DU2BR:A19-8JL&D56C2*K/J&LPS%O
M3=W]E.39VO7'?#;\HV;Q!E!+ 0(4 Q0    (  B&7$X?(\\#P    !




4







&UL4$L! A0#%     @
M(9<3N-$$$NT 0  T@
  !@              ( !I2

M='










MT@



  !D





C








YX;6Q0
M2P$% 
&UL4$L! A0#%     @ (9<3A+-W3LN!   [!(  !D


RYX;6Q02P$% ,4      (
MAEQ.RQW2C?






+X28+ (  $&   9                8=N  !X;]W;W)K<VAE

M% 
'*4M\ P   1$  !D              ( !



M:&5E=#0V+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (  B&7$Z-M&U5$0(  -H%   9







4
&UL
M4$L! A0#%     @ (9<3D
F;5'* 0  &@0  !D              ( !!*




3M9!6@  \UX! !0              ( !!:L  'AL+W-H87)E9%-T



  !H              ( !X0P! 'AL+U]R

end








// Edgar(tm) Renderer was created by staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  Data and content created by government employees within the scope of their employment are not subject to domestic copyright protection. 17 U.S.C. 105.
var Show={};Show.LastAR=null
Show.showAR=function(a
r
w){if(Show.LastAR)Show.hideAR();var e=a;while(e&&e.nodeName!='TABLE')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e||e.nodeName!='TABLE'){var ref=((window)?w.document:document).getElementById(r);if(ref){e=ref.cloneNode(!0);
e.removeAttribute('id');a.parentNode.appendChild(e)}}
if(e)e.style.display='block';Show.LastAR=e};Show.hideAR=function(){Show.LastAR.style.display='none'};Show.toggleNext=function(a){var e=a;while(e.nodeName!='DIV')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e.style){}else if(!e.style.display){}else{var d
p_;if(e.style.display=='none'){d='block';p='-'}else{d='none';p='+'}
e.style.display=d;if(a.textContent){a.textContent=p+a.textContent.substring(1)}else{a.innerText=p+a.innerText.substring(1)}}}








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Plant and Equipment - Summary of Property
 Plant and Equipment

      
      

 Plant and Equipment - Summary of Property
 Plant and Equipment

      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    

  
  










begin 644 0001564590-19-005508-xbrl.zip

M(F(08'1S/SZMWL&( &*%Y $B $YJ20626FI^_3T]/]R__]
?&E)Q+%7AC\



A1-D]+CHXC$XRE)* 5AF4-5T]7\:1S+WSZ[P7?'^QX





C)PI]4DU



MP^5Z3YY+LD_92U]0Q=A)&


.B7UX7!?WF=(6$[1BQ%TP:M(X*Y5<EO<_]U\
OK

M\.TD#.Z2T/G^!YD\D C1V#\*&A%3S)$INEK
OX)T=

M;#\Y9X#5

MCW 


M1-6CAV-:D]6='+
3HC /X9BVB+YN(W9Y#W_JM90N9

M1[:3I!$HIJO O:






U &75-!BTRR'6A12F393HTZ/)U\POTH6DB!W)NFIZ9Q.R*$[SWX


/@F\+V _&''

MN2



_'2*]?\



O
!+2/'GCFVPURXQ
M2R;:M
AN[:E9HS98[U6:C


__H/8







NRW9[=+N]=LB]O29Q$
MGI

T($


MX^TU\K\60T=0?O-4SO5X/M&3]8TG!'\#E9RIXY7G!&?+L\M1^W6($JQ[--;=
G<R=-N+MDKDS=C.O
M0H-5FH/'4E[^V(Y8PL)U.



CCKR1B?OAL]0#5TYT[X?C
-T3-8:OM
M!
T6=^0MLV WO($S8
$64\%;9L%NF
@S8
&3-L3;#PF%
5YFPW.\IL\#*PJC






4A1LQJ&+'JQ

M.PZUZA$SUR
F?WK$K*9'S'KUB)GK$9




M?!_N_OOKAWM9^O3ENL=F7C7%


/:#8Q_

#; L SOU_3!







^LV(I?:7?+SOKJ^?? \SZS(G95RV]:/LJ@KD9OOH
!^@SH/2@
ML$4[#+(:]QB#@:7U5;

=27
M;58%. N/% &KT3P
#0L4ZVKFJP1+C79B8%FFWA]4@*40@EL.^1@U;C/Z_2(T










M6^IP_V!VF(I]Z*FHIO*L!C-7@O4


M8VX%]A


M^_E\0U6U*H)6I#B3_15 [G;IJ.)!DC7LFX4 Y5I ]H!WV\'=/GI=!==_: V:

0
M1K#1M*/9IX1

M^-I0AZ9J#$X7:5L

M4_1G2[-7!*R!:.^EH:%;J!X&6 


M/3]-BLEFZO92
DTQ0@;+S@#O;;4/989] =[[H/I0AE@)\-_!Z1C#MU=/)+(?


MSHQ8;6$;0=]DQ;


NBUMS3W&N!FJ490\
:#NI:





MZL9*4ZTSCJ%I?=4HWO9N&#/MT:&!DZ:6L;?N)'=C):]Z?(_&#X
WN?H;RX(=
M;J6JN_K60!WT:W+U-Y82JW]1FUQ]6%9-;N+&VF/U*K]=7'W+



&G3;6F6R=M0Q#'ZI%WCK9X-_6ZIC=

ZD@O?6
MO(T&<S<65CU82M?G(J[5089E#+;'*X\2R]U8R;5!W&R0=*.B\]XT9HX6RMT+
M2SIFG?$1RMU6Q';/]?55:_DDJL50[L82NTH$=/H\Q;*W5AYMQ5=\J)B?KNA








MJVA@$XLMQ

GW UL7/O8W[;?
-R-

%KJ





M?I02][-G/WC^TL5K;5O=\+T8J*^KFK)1+;V$Z;!5-'!]7+.&R$C'7$4392^U


M/EWBOIM]BXD+K\^MC9-X3R^6U$ X ;:P2STCJX-6QY*:.#I7-%/1!GI;2VHB







KPS5X@V&\T/F%I]V

Q?4VX)X/+
TL




?OE
O
=Q




MAY8UL%FYL3FT\&T('_X9(OH2V_

MGC/.GH!'X9\'1!7\?A/X0%H9\?]
?!___0I.Q-T4;Z_ZR8P]]27#$9NRQW@=
MJ8_4KHOQ58T'SG]GQUZ

2$_1S



MBP.\1.!RA1










L5'B4E;#.U#5U7$SJT+Y1VD$'@'N2G7
MC



M

M_B%H19\UZ6&+H28YAZDG_6'3::B=Q!=H9:(HTVX(?4(03A(%A$ 4-(^MYH

@X2:9J2'8<D[YY_+7DSYMGQE-/W&9$[T+


M/CF4


S4*4A6


-FK@FS#MAWR
M& X@NS
8DI1MW\)BG 3DMQC&60Y5/(329YH$(9JVA!0Z7O?,:0'WF* .H;MD]T7
ME&;!P+GE9<YU3[I*@L<VIZ+






MR%OLJ/.=P74QF^:=[5/([L8$\Z8#J=@&KI!:0;=4R0RTW.(@%)2N_S2/_;.M
M7
IX 9BN&<.-B6\913;V[9.;14

*2NCG2
*
M7YJRC$RZ^2FB1T%G&W&-N(M@QK.Q\_9BQX#1KS(?+.\DCR;NQ-IWGP]+_A

M3):PREC3
M=L%5Q





LH]I7=F'E2IQ\6HQ\
M5X@%%1M7UI*^0@.4\=IXTR*] ^E3BBG36!?SOHIO9W6@))O&MIC+X
$NU6?!



M L2-


MO4B:.ADUBGUII;_E&/HX#^)_6B!HOUN7\Y$*EU7O$K!35+K?A?!/Z7K7QZN[


MNDC:*:'TE6+PIAW


%::+%GRX3T$!;







MQ0*SUJ8
KT4US9UK2B[WZG@N/!N% ?SID'G72\::\Q[3])F\TM:J*I7FEH+)


M/_1M%U4_U=5OZ


MY1#

GUU'TX]1QHH
M ]C;?IN?K.
D]);-_%0?ZZDP &S0GFY6PO/,2Y?YLHEBR)5'H

M
JA1N$CSH6GZMC-F1W O:J1)6=XJX/T57M
KOY[-\#



.LPT)]W#@W$(#
MPLMADN/ITG*P)R-9.3LF=7ES-@TTW/YYALY@A737.BM8H87.XIC1BPJW/#)

MCDL
)OL598!W@!D#_*L@4RW20A_VC
%*8A3T
!/V




ML-;I]1.W9%*J.0752%7P 2*$J X7H'7:J?V!K)N6K*D*MU0\HCO0.CTZH/NJ



M17S31]@F89M.PC:]TF7=&


;8
F*<BA-PH5F'L^*.)

M &1 :$OT689W+8' ;4:VLY2#D6]V2)Q*D1!I%X42:1J&;.HD48\-ZR8NE
MB#CA8P 0N=+SF 12^ #+M1,O#&(IA55$4C(F4D*B28QU7O&# U-%-@SR[5C




MHP7HH
BD1RQ]VZ





:





1=@R7KAP'NZ:#]I 6N/XV=6GW[%=7

LM;14^ %



AB(U?7/\V$5N3#7-\3C8D89Y@ 9R3JF9S-1MI_W*)^WZP:N
M]3TFZ!Z\ /
@C ^VC\WNI7A


OF@DIJ)6?#8DS[MR@V4
M_H'T/ZE/23_
2 ]$G=/T[AO]Y5)59=:/6QTH&;=2#%


MLBC/Y2G3$FBHX+6I(*2@==PU4SSH,D$P%]@?Y4EVNJX-^Z-[@I!^\[7)Z9

M

M]J1;


!?!^6L_C29C@BL(Z

:/07
-3?\S+A
Z+@+G+



MUAES3J3DE]=I?/EHV]








W0D319@[


M5X'[X5^I-L1OKEF:JVC&;J:Y#W?%[


MB

(N^1

MG$#/ GS=KF29&-H24;_7V3



[%C



1*V*&V



M):JBR8IEP#ZZ[0YRZYR2M8KTC

MT?!$ODQ)4%,I(BP@^,DE*91.51

)

MTS=?
Z;\BBQY%;CSBF?OO=CQPSB-R#U



WZ.?

7F3_X%:D3HFBE)




X36JN
L

MN:C1VB+J1TL
;D
P#E(:U;$C]


#V(-/79O

L(CDDQ=[81#3HHJE
M:FMN(\GT@.Q(\G.WF0%*/'YL3?%8HA^&,?P+Q
RF]/(P_6# O JFTV%F1


M?E9\


NPWJ\KFV<
MI


2@ _009N.5WE
M;NES5O*RP6R(O
3C
MD^


P9V\&CJ/#(K7B(4PY!


L




MPXA.F($Z!]
+''QJ :WT[
%C.


B64
M;!*\$)


 %4

MZ_82FRW*L#71:=N[$
JQRW**(3$^)%0H1V[N&JR5

M.3MSEYSS1)
S.KKN 
&



A9_






2%^6RM&W'%K:X&T3YJN.1C'B/=UOEV5

BJK!\PO*UO3GG*13&

[AR)\.Q[4HCXM*N?BOZ[KW*Y5%3WGZY
M^3S_I+[]N=R3#[N4_:0.=:QJ(JN:(N


4X0PK!4-8U4Q[J)AMJ
M;--FC!*28^0%()\EJ



21@8YK-C-T+2?Y\
MCE1O
B&N!W3R9R\GDK-_XQS9JSHS.O84IO0E-XV0 K843XGCC3R@/%M!N9UD
6L]^2B[21KVECDENQQ($[65O*!
)02MU?03/._=A3D


M(HF-MA+PA7(]3*&JG&C4#T%2:*KHQZ$483T!&O@


MZ+^1MY.8#9=IBS@C:HPM:[%5*P*




L49HV'LX;!^ 



M[M%


GC!XPN U+X8\J=;5%:+IIY7%F+?BI:GJ=5TO
M!WT3+ I]:AHM]&FRXK'WL ^_3K-R@_\3/L32%2M(3 LSO\)'@6@Z9?XCQ4


E?@=*VK*

RH55')7@K\I(0&2_[GE4!MB7@J


MK%@EE6#A5! D$ O)36FMTC2&26&=\#]*+&F4^K[T]#+?0K(?X1DL(II&%*TK
M
38




2XG)NXB+




M#VLH*\)\\$$












M#YA9ONA:A+/\-??RP1?V7/Q@%\%LYL9X=X2%?&%J'8V!D3PW\.5E+_3R-Y?B


U


^XPM'MO^=
M?9U
22)IK/O=<1Q8Y=;(.
MNTI&?T&)T.SKBNP)@-:^D05T@[2)/GA2:E6P$ CXCLA?!D?_B3MJ7<
^ M\

OI)XXM81QL^C1-I4/R()4O\)((?
M4V-.BL(8/?F&?@^+X$9L'KCH#?C=BH?$00Q-ZL$SM+1Y&#VM\I3.2=,=6C\8
M027DZ6012YTA=\TJ.3&(&%DDG 3;*;AHE(R V/P8BN:!PT(+L:-(IQ4:FX%

M2X2QC7Y7%(I7B&U%E5VP!)K(';M0.BAD'+S%4@&5EY@-&\
(&KPOHN@=0VI



M2'_(N@L#R_+;3MH:4V&:3
#&2


,'#%A$NGY77C<1DFQ Y+ R
M6L=86! ^+=D3OND7E457R(T6K;=:VBJD6$(72#+F' .?6^'=RVJ?]W9&%M$




$!OL(_$:
DS:\&455XZSJI

7G;.I$

JDO^SW.YKU7#ND#]_^
M#U6HLLCMT[5ZRDZZ0EE^DPWZZZ)!J[JHVNCH1NMWT4-!@18  ..LU@7NP\Y@





TG?KI3]9TE=

MH=;G [WN[?3D

+AI



@



M%PXV-G;GQE-F
R^P_50S[
KW(]O_SN:AB\DX \SPJ7



;;:J@
S.X97%

M:[@G+\F=C=[KH)2.
;$H&

HYL=T053X1B]LRMXYB




BA]MR-X3-2:KGH'?8Q*8()S'O
T)W&ZQ

OA0=O@M@EBJ
K
M=+
/Z





M(


$\/6VA
MW!VK-CK+0%(S2_VP=2
FE=A+AF8W&*DP4\Z:)$*E3V9 (=+'C!\@-EUPQ#

U;V_5D=P2+)2V$O4Y\^!PQA+),PN_PJ\. SU_%_+(C@-1S;
Z


M%-GX
7*NRGVB!<_


MLMFK)3





G


V1
M1P@.

MU? [8KQ:&:\EKD!



MU7VFU@95:QM2RD0:IY\MB# M








*6A1V19(\]3 AR:N]^TU*UPAXAQW-5(-


H+L:*1[)S.)3W)W'A['=U0@D*;-'VO%*?6F2!ZK7-F



M$-1(J7;))*GL.;$D4LK/A=(6VMVWT*IQ =M)6K(QMH3U)6&E/T2%PM@8F
MU[IUS^S2!MI&^*IGG*0/&)=





7H.
M42*8R)54P4C)!#'9+.:)PO)/N+#^PTHV[#U?L\3P%&ROS


?SW[JMW3GO_*$YKL
M.P-VA*. 2

MS4BK..QH/57!(5]1PY2#O(&@H/FG!J#$;F,6G0@) W$!PTYZ0H(N0@!YAS

MN0\W]44JU4+*(Y5J'&2D4CO V._H^R[$((EJCY.15JF'R2.T:F6.6G(C=2!;
MJ55/0(UF\DBR.2+

M:]7$UJQ.-

.$)*^-Y\Z1
MTNVA=&;'
M1@4%(YA1F55$X]3'95.3I=]00PK?.8U1.:
!UT=#68E-1.82\D
MM5


'=6[9D

^V



I-D9'5Q6:
MS.ZCP!OO$Y \/T90*# 


M*C3#?XCCU




B
EX=
M*9;RDZ&T;W;W?;-JK(&G343-&(ZE342GARGM)CK$2BUN&8W=-HWJRQ$ZKMB

6[RHY'-6[-A9

C&Q*?P(8HC%@K/QE&:

M


DJ1NT

MJ_NDW8ZY[[8V4A0E:(PVCZJ!U9;-HY1S71FD&C!62GMI3@]3VE1SB!50?9T/
M^[2M1EF E'%$$CSU

NFG\ZL/[/SJ@O71






MC*4$)



M#!P+-CI#B\:E8$9J\:87]5&*MM77:]
Y2
!?^:Q%A*0$*



M=:WHX$VF;):27:SC-^PCLSXT9==A/H#B(2AS$1;'R&.K96[$'-MS$ND!;'2?



W7.D&OD

MA^

MG5*N




6(?$:E=8P-2%1W

FM;8DO*#=$ IB5MD-\734*)1H:V8915!2P=G4%ZT6

#&X


2^




MBL4-^CNV


F
MQ@28PD4FB0

MD6DI6#!AR1P?UM-^P@]PO1O-;.Y\
1S=R




MQGGX(5T
7 B^A;8ZSKGSDP#6A(L_BGD E
4^X\\R7]=%$

!U*
(
+$2#/7ZB )V=B-TBA4ZO'4


MF[-01'

M6 





MYS;PDIF &S!8]I

M$6.U;!;P_1E.\F O!!@$N*'XG





-2XV2?]4 $-VC:EZLP4




M23).G*/:Y 0-@(
D@R1#$21(


M!79GJ!3GE3UYKX)CCV$_*375BFMSJ]WFOKRN+$;F,4G0@) W$!PD(+F
M#'C?&'#3ZBJ+$;F



M#Y2%B#R&]DW5CPSNFZI

3- .UJN&SGMZEP^&-$BE AJT0ZHQTU#,CN/0'26Q/?($BP,&O\T



44UM4.A['POJ3Y-MQ





M3G/E!


M+$;D


!-YPKU)
M&
Q8


@W3AQ

M^




M[P0-@*/UD@&=#-I^JP(0#7 6D@[R!H*#I&
A'5UET2%GH4U4]2/ST?626(R?




O8A
MB5Q?1#)!(=Z35VT%S/)NEH(U

M5W.!CA/?IU=]R6R4OK+#I.
A^H47SJL^^-?JOZ&FPVCKY-SQPD2/X9?PL\

MQ9-7'CN#(J;-52G7/\=&')3PZHVP2MQ@W:X%!F.U%EOWUM

M( 4+A1C^QR#LN?%$]B7R592^!X0P P-C%Q?:B3-UQ:1TX1CT
T*ZGMG?1;A#

)K)$I=:P*!]+6!A!W39/T!L0HA5@.;%_HTB%;%4=H%O
MUI 3FAI+Z


MXCI23*!%CX%J(PQ*9+M?

MFRBT?OGW8F .-









.TT5 .2M


@+*]^W*[7\85LPTLH0I5 V
F3LFS





MQKA9PZ+D1O0G(AC#T.]-8[S3US:T


M&M?4.4

MA:=K;^ Y]59MK5UZ_CRLEQN*24L]CO;D6NPU!(B!93[_BGZ*LTVR(R8)1_;J




 T09S$GG!=*+ J%9/7^::S47%NF_2I:;P2ANYB
MC3OZUV4%T9^L#U9LJNI$-BU3TV;'_&^6) F.\GQ/3#M8I$$$+]W6TR\I9WS
MW.78PM




MWLNF-CS;Z/5XOSM
7V1TNUSK#ZL/XRL


M&]CDD4L#&^;*N3UD*\HMPJ19WWP*94G8UV2_B:J+ZNR''
HJOVZ:OPZ=-INL

M


U!







0+N^L -LU/H
& 
(





@'EL8?4NJ&BLH!]LJPR!-IZR3Z^$L[
M0*)%JMLQF4+=J



V6#C*D
M2V;#TEK?*!MXYUGBI#L_]\ L.!0@%&\?#CCN'T-FVI^N%CIL2%G'@=6#COYL








M18F/XD
B5)4ZCTK97IBQY8@2.S85(I]UP_!L^U3N#BTR?MTT53=Z75OB3@


M-DG3*V51($4B16H



M%





M[-YN;
1+.X\J#8WE&^X?[SL6-T%X?XV&*FYB
M[OC]V:<_ 653ZYXQ!^H /UV*R?NS_Q6MW3=ZO;_-#1]H.F:+O_0#5
_^^7@
MQEW;Z+1CM;K//EYEQV[@




MM? @R2!W(#Q(
A3&A/!0P^2#'('PH,D0V%,(\-(^JM&.L?2ZJ 5Y0LZ@
MH
 18']=.ZO5%8:=P6I?*$V_I%








MG$?JU(A]]


M%8\


MPH'#


MX\W#C

MSOWQK_])W/D
;Q(K#ABU]CA@E(ZDK/LLQ+8&330C]&A0U#PF8M-
0UM.@5#Q

:$;XT1H#:!HF9


MHNPZ;LH!H

M/&F\.QCR;F_?I8 D3XW(3$/I4Y^&R^^V



MKY.)ZPB:;6RXX-.85]OP(
'O\L&@RX=[)_DFGVF;SY&D#^0/Y&E#6DJW5Y


:0@


M-Z&(ZIYDI+



MB




MDT2O;VQ[_O9;&


M3*U_QARH(_QT*2;OSR[P6]W2=:O;_]/0](&F:[K\0S=


M J/ &^_8*@\

9K;_T+K+YGU

M'Q4T+;O1D4EFJS \

MZ_2K.H:Q+I(0QUS?'F:EUJIQA&=CULUVW!1E'B:FW&*%'7LW)VZ%M -R\I5\
M9DZM8QK^

MDP#OL;TGC1H8)V:3QZV 6]&U.])2LOJ6?@P
W7C2 .LI=/W:0J
'&U$_VNJ]



QWY.;5[W-M[X

MG69UW+'UEOKN


MD.%)N@Z1XZDC_.A\H$2.;27'MK@$D=ZI(_SHU*;'.ZU(D56FBKO? 39]'MX3


\



MO1*&E*I1K$=*U3S


'X3



S!N5
M4UR*R?NS_Q6MW3=ZO;_-#1]H.F:+O_0#5

HI#



TBF


M;
F@L%D;B&9M_0DVM.!:=!^U@PG*&)NUY6D2-FO;VEVZOO0=3L5H)$=M'1(

M\



R.CU #.L6X5E%D]%W;#





M=Y/T$S'HDIB-G3)W#U(/TKBQ*%D_BI)A1;)\Y Q9M4S9
.H6*

BEN#P82I$8]R
M6X A
SQ)BUU;)A:_! %'#Q0&03U ?%  MD0B&81V=$5L APF!(LVM8-B[B


F-OM*$0#L.0J2
M.YYC(1Y([NOKBP:13;OK'D&H+GU1%Z0/U ?$ ^ECA9M&;+C8-()# P:@@2
MEK5O^7AQ?J?P)ZC(+7C.1;B@=2^OCNBF[*AX
T1$&#T0%V0/E ?$ ^DCS5]



C]LS?W6F]%8^DR_



M.; _7=/IKZ_.^6^)28BI6W^KK$5HI#T!Z)JY-7;LU@*I])[.J:S.QH]SU$C
MLL0_)4O3=%S2;#DP:;X:DS194&G!,(DDGP])N\8J&D;F5AB\I22!RH%;!C2

MQQG9^S-^


H.5/QF5.F!'2P8'


*\=


?W& QY8.(V)C/@LD-C1X]7N<O4X+M4UIM:E_=PF9 :]G,BB^.
N*
3UQ




M3;\HJ#RBL^5#(\J.[A=P?Y*.+- X/EG1O3R7DXF]

72/*(QO[



D=:

#N-T\]&04PW
MF-I;NY$32TII#6=55C1%5LVZ.2E-;UG@YJ0

ETOX'5&




@

SN.
B.]8#[E?B

A5\#!!KCHQ?PO=

J#APE27N?N-S)=+^!U1HH&




M]SD

TUX)8W9\-F?KNGTUU?G_+?$)
34K;]7


ML(Y'IPOC7\14?EX'IF7)#2;2^

MT9B[(A/ICOKAMS?/:RX5?58I4G59F9U?7RD


#D=9^.O'_7/;3CX8TCON/_K?.1841;]K'6



M2$'0(4
**L#0'JE=E[;*NQJ!R@0E;#Q0I_2/-#P
];0.-P3=1WS11
%!9
GW
M Z;S'RW#E V[ZYH8J#(K//X-%0ADCNYCIL-1@QX@
G3F
$9*W6+\;=R11UV!


$<4+M#T

@ZO8




E)



M@@B(.8FM[XEE(OF

MR/9RU1&H820/*0LQ0LHA@E2UNE )IJR$#4D*@88=\Y&%@5])VS.X[0XQ:C

J#APE2WA#[SB'3
MU6 Z;62J







MP$M)=0_)3%DHF-M?; 0@5%%I#QXF#EG7XX&)E.3
J3BI%@L.A +W9\4#E7



MQ7NV)\V



M@_:L;^8L 7IKK7(NJ[?

@L^F6REZN0;]1^I
M-&
O?XAW2E9OCF=&+^:R7.Q8K!IS*J!LAC'/I2HF6+'U ( O2*?=BJ IY6
I
M:H!U6-&0H2%#0]9$Z6F^R0:A=VCQ

M

MU@H0'$



A;+1O#E;WX YJ





MA4*J0H,8$A5_:JDL?*@Z8JPN^B@440J0H6'KHB%#LCH9LBIYJCMHLG)&
M%@$+('(5H#SEH1[0;J[?/8:^FWB^ESR!C6





MR.-!
*S]+QJJ(1FJH7GL:*B@((&&JA?RAV*HAN:HHZ$J0 *2GO2T76Y'@S+R

M?CG]X$8!TXGXBD;IJ#;/S[3T5148+7W;-5B\$^\\3-@(O&7CW950I7@C58FN


3+EK)@U00;RX))(]WB
F$.[Y#]KGJDEI$;&: M!VT+<[J&)ZZ.V8?=9P.#T
M]MY&HZ'6[C=^-S1ZY%UFKVCDA1
I31.15GDB8#.J.@C%0J
I;'\$18/@ ^:4

M3SI1'Q /Y(\-1$2W95([4H;Z

KO'
MY8I&_&-N

#P&#S)&ZIL:-B:%P06\-4%CQA1'Q /I(\-1)HC
MJX8&%1Y4%V!XH/.!ZH!X('MD(?J7K1(5+$:H
Y#R&'M0J*X]L/YT(_;1SM
9
ML4Y=CX):!04O\#8$0
RV;D

ME6UHK(6N%I)6CS%#TBJ3%TID J=$

&%4E/#.GIJBDK
MJ@[#GO:)]I8O88^J?$92+;?&KB/=:0RY88?MB:Z*TWH['TF7Z3KL.9&V1$



\B3KSI4[ZE
 ](NV5#

M/VM$EKA0TO^U9

D5WN=IE(]N%#3066U


6/9@H4'$NFAW=!OS6
=$TFIB.;


2#C^


M?*IHJ(KL:!98C(:D






MX$84;+@761^C[0@'LO[:551&1 $+SYT!5,:T48-7@EZ  =2!E(&$20
M!&

X!D\9C#'PJBT$(/#.%-1(U'O/7R1T





M@G\.1]F6(QLJUMJ%  ?R!AJJP2M!#^! WE!ETU!E8JI@
1J2RB!OH*$:O!+T




N_Y
MBX1.FHI%80;*B:<\H!4#!<?@*?^86!1JP0O$2GCQ&W4D)2@!W @91P1BT)M



MN
&IC\$XG-%UP;UI%


#
/#E)MO^1R(;CR*1V
MRT=4&0CE

AJ0SR!AJJP2M!#^ 8/&_8




M&GA3JC?A*
:/O4N^!H1J2$O0 CL'SQG$A

,H_)B:%V@+A@!$IX\1MU)4H =P(&4<







.4

MAQISU?
H^YBYUE%1HMJ.ZJAV4W/-8]MCYEI+UXFJJ%NZ7G:NUS2F;C1^8!]Z

MB0./LPD_\$PW*VQ7\IE^.QN/PT7 #]*8(@7LQ_'22\FJT?-G;A*F1FXTB;_


/

M'X/5XR\#GO/TR8TY/Y_[B[NC0\J&8I*L_]OQJ8^9YWT(DE2]@+2F$U4!=#YF
MYKD$@B15ZP1



#DG8?3T


MLN

MO[[.

_N\_7_F6[







M=T%84-QR*37N97JX][A=[NR:LB&./7]ENI(+.J&1Z_
%N.!QQP
5VW12K69?
N4D:;W:?H%*32'ES;@Z6\9W<WGLI%^G=2N

MCI]N6M&RS&.N:#1S TX-9UMS;#HM*GRE8U:U5JL_K A
VJZ/2H\CHU^#EL
MU[
JJ3(J;JM
MFZ;1Q%S8#^O?K<[2LM7RF5^V.EJ+]Y?3YP&[*2+^C14N6ED&&HV0[J)H;<K

M;46WE2/'E[L'%-@W0K-LW;%S5;IH6U=Q[.)Z2VBZ91JV142.O1S%EDBV84\\

M/&U5H&-_BQ-O?

ML@]9

MYNJODF%GZ8Y!U*

M?+8Y2=@?^6@.M]E3%7ZCO-+4CI1&B2MOHJ7Q.^^E5T86F_A12[(H*/!3:!$%
!][^I5E[;=EI5BT94++XVX$W
M[U8+V.3AN#,O6 71 M?G/@N_&LK&%3%!O6@#I.<V)*B43G-@_!6'5D!.Q<T




TBCJZ4&^!S?OW+JG1KJ3_M&:ZX^(AI*(:9
M.:TH
Y*CQIY;&;ERS2!5
^J
/8O-!7=Z'Q*.S1XURRU@7)'@%2

41U+$L97*([QQ_723_^'[V(OY7NK*




?]M(;O?

$W7E<U*XJJ1U$E(V1[WEII6%7/GT0-

MD=0#P\P
H=(8BXZG#EX R1FC(7B


M(1

MJXD:K:^5=BU5GNV=7Q\X?J7=[YWOZP%R['\S 9Y^XWZCS0]8MY::R7*N*8!
MF/-P-O.2YWYUW,GZY :+*7]CQ+OKK2L'\ONBF_?7K)AM*N:^T'_QU,J*Y(9?
MLMZ-90IZ]J^


J:P0






M
BLX*[ RS3!]-_CLSIY[7]]^V\?PD7L,D_5^WZ3A..O_#,;*2E,.*F4E,(
M\!N/1V7[M0Q%BYVP(&&F__
NME0Y







T^WTM.S B[AL0F@;;4HP]X9Z0+5OZ0<*@H_KD1O90$0[\[EVM])(@Y
MRM8W:%$J@N%8/[LR(I4]N881<4:&2$ JR44P)GMXN2PJXAVYXUQ1I52:P1+

3=JZ





M0
*

MCM=B2


MD5_6O$!:8MQ*P+3LJQ8H[\\4N]$1AHI)G@; U=





_M=MZ*?(G*2T[N7J!N9-YMYW/EMFEOY4R:&$07F$(!



K.MOUF@3MMATA)'


-F57RN.)9.?2IJ5WVIJW69F.PVYCE4.[G1%R49D3B4UVVG

1)M$A#
MVI?) XUN']Q@_\%#%JVZ5S_SFT94.I8U#?7%J6P;8FA+^H?:7II*
_U4ZATI

MTIZKBP
 '=2]OEF

(EL^_V0HM ;.X9



UJ=U9/

2T(M\F[FF;)
\-/_)LQ!J]*





&OOS[_D3]L[2:Q'\=T6P:5DK'*
M)Q$?.H'
;B$%S*24:%;?B=Y[\3BB_+=N])3]T
N54?O:RN&;@)9MDVQ9EN
&


M#]F]?7V^B)-P1J

MLE?UUK)3M2JR2XMAKQO%?'+_$T;K(64E5B)@ 4ABY?=S?/;K!S(??%4;?*\X


MUW1

%5[%[+^W*FPJG26D7A ::



JEV20K\0(4$89J68 M
M!CO_H

14


M2Q&VK>]81YLR^6QE]TI[9.BI8C:K'>M;_4EM-;'58K-\@XA?_TX^=-+'M9'
MK\L[AKSE7


OW396V!(L'I^PR176_A:^
G =EQFK<=18W_-R.'22'6UM7_389; :

MS^U5E\Y-7T^R](9'L]EC-5.'


$6

*M.^#:?N*Q
MB[?F@'

A[K3&%K:B:TIKQRU%


M7)U$'[;DU@;/5:M27M5Q20TO!EM$D@?5I(/
EMQJV+G+OHS[IPH=:VY%Z=QU
MW
592VY=YD;7;
V3@-Q2QXVNV[H#KNTD'KEVZXZWMK\G[*CEEY^^WT7^V_\/

MXY

ENL5:8-0Z0(I]916

&E

8P]02V17I6ZK(AV01

]BA,TIL&$T=
MHL;A$#LML1\3N0=7A*QPA8I[516 P

MC6OIL;4 3O6M%3*GI2ZU.J?@[/&S '-9IJ%YM&OO84)(JYU


M


+%7=W1Z+LKV^




L+P+
[_GI]


K-1MF@I0O;8+L(@59J.LMTMK\#$FHKP&Q


M&/I(5(0E@GA-KC


*J!-2YE 3&=_8CH:
MK Z[@52 G*F


MD_





_JRC4TD@JS72AOF#F6]:0\6]=R^B\UVK8A;)8N:


M^!9?@_B^B$=+;+7D9!9U*/:7T.IU!AY

MGM[F36Q-GK0@3$I%=J# D)@*I&QI.+8_QS8)OGN7*_M@W=(G
\(YL4&B*P31







-13ZAC;.H= [- /W4
(_53SPT*]]
M!2&F=O(MP@)I/Y'O**)@6\S5IK








M-GX.?







OW=Z5)7:%$'3W./OP&GV.GRV[)<DIXZ'&5$@F/;7<)8=VK1NOWA.LE


8





V0.Q/7W<8<B^
;6EEXQQ2XC6+#ZX(T\/Y-%U'F'L




M_DGV[=2[EA



M

M1#=M?O:]NGD0-K* %5IV\\?OU
WZ:\JH6!#[B^O:6[T@\U;=[+_'UN]8C;=Y
M73GW?MT\N?.47:/9+?Z7RT/J1.O

*TNR


UTFHN.




N6^G9'KL/!&X 
D9O&VC94$#F% #)8M]9

MF!J&RIR&B33^W





]$G^EX;@.@A/OWC45IB/ZT4

Z

M*

IT5*%_B;Z-!

:X?*E\--1I.\-41/HPC&=80-L.03HSC?D




M74K%NCL16 M5N#1 @]D)AT



BRD]%\NJ7^$0^O^^L\+%



X!XQSN-4%X0NY&/
MCDQJU_ +I -SR1J -FN*MB-F1HN@R[^



(HS\\AYV#
I;TPUHW&Z_4L7=6;L
MPKM\F#M#PX-:#T'?B)9-
!&U'H)1GJ5

M#[$G'R%!V#@




?WDJYP3NG=+

=\M71IB'4
M(CC;O 6O]\!!('#,2KXPBP*EHLJ/?F3Q#'BG%)0*F*@'=@5DCHX

.

]
\F3$@X
MIPK
LQZ7UZ;\$Q#)+7-[2EE(=1'A]*1.X]1JB7-1S/.U)



M#EMI@ +\K]KMZOFX0D
Q?-Y;9O*T\@C)&EAL#6!7)N?A( S=@#[;6[9BAJOL




GA+


M7(/L[_



?%
(*]




M%ZIZU[GTD#6O5


MLG!:3!X%HVY.HM5L.;K C-JF0O;9R!^CI;-BED)DTS$+L:*]U$

M7'V4Z

M*_3G0:V#8&$N==_;=I)4PM9IGHY0-: M01GQ:=JQ%J&F*V5-5XM 0MQ%=)





/GX_-W



M 8?J$*)S(9_MY@

%1S 2P0%L5V3&8

B*$JDWS$;'\


M(M#IVG0F/8R(5Z$)/HA.I'
_4-



M#FYB=2;8<Z@4O*879#@'LW]MM&*$1P19043F\=3W]--'./<X:KU)]N.IA&S








G[#K=@AM%58))

4 731ZOF/7
M4TI6::J;!#PMF6T0/%5'4OR0T#


5)

U\30# 3
M#+*A=
?EB8)'K(H@M!3Q!F)MZQ-#0VSYX[O(6A=9V_7(6O[):%% K50TE!#:

MIJ2[S^B;9_G

&W*5HO=8!?
#;8X6K&W.!M&8!ZOQ
43
M!-$T^5T=1EL]
S=FU#XPOVG ?.H



M*%$T;C#)5P- ZR ]!]0W?87&B! ZA?5*+R$49NXDS\



U[Q%F@






EY=


ME3NFRC!B#X-1^(*0OT#R:^0ZB2)\33^PPPLTQG%

MF4_U1K8\.^G'])T*)5**HCPK-IE%
0-NF62SO-YL1B_O6)]/1.-ETJ?*?48)

A&X-PN^3EVF/@&LMW@J$$3X&1G4/V8[ZV:\'WFT/-)OW]_=[5_%H$


M0N)%/[^

M&*3RH.Q;
1QGO3T@4Y'(Y&U_S9T4F]KOD

I0-4G[[&B9KVFU?'W]P;5MB^YWV]1S.K?'9
M=_[JW?%7-T1U1K=KR=MZ)9*X7)DWXK6Y)LX(FVT2_E'M'HF
7=U[Q%'('NQ8


0O=?2;Y$$:[


M_5GB



/_K(GT4OG^ ONFBN=]VD:!$6



M Q& 7 R@$8 2(






WI-3XT+WR;X

M)]&(][AY0DE



(1(M

M$G71R*P_9DO+VEE9OHU8UC_L6H9&,4D#- LG9U)6/J_1&N&$% 1/U;8!LA

M[/_8#R=4!P+EG8L#5)VJFH/(^FZ]P21QQ0%;5\!A-[KI*$JH-V6JJOPFR\)0



GSK6J)

C.M6$;-JEYF05U3W_?;6*.;U^8TX2V6W6Z$W

4]G
C$[^@BRX42.8Y
M7=NYWN5Q_I1ZL[M& :@OR=I(B34[0QU ;$F&#2=V6R[LTGRHE%RS%4X N;F9
M:YQ

*3TS6LF6H'0E[3
E\Z.P3%*=4GR)IU



MX:

M=NO72M4*.'TDX8C42E
&GC:B1A.7=N@L!I(VG(GB+52%
6GC:B'NA-
'I!
MWC.*?0FP[ @ 5&B&3_[-0'_.W W C!\(2
7KT0\GB&0N37@Z31&$AA&')M3D
MCX=N#MY

MY5BP)*E;0PA+EHR3&.;\DX4[O

B





M@0O98
M(S=D&4RWON



MH@UH7
13FTU?DL[9A5*SU

M3V %H*T@HP&Y4C _5





MK:R@6\J&C]V)K*?*7\I1C8&*UG)4K/9DRN+S'31V&BJ:NN3QJ4CB_+;Q6%KE


M!C1

(/W.6BUEL6K M@

?JWC
MI[K(%:_VUFZ=40V7ZPR_IIP^[3BM/)T@9?;[CMD-I
FD[#:S.X+9LEHX\ROE
M\L==Y7+3:8R\[M\.5K[1DJN;UAHZVE6.JTD[YR45=Z@L3A//(7B-Q5UE[$97
M7\X+'5[1K2OTTL ;LK32R\==K3PF Q7^


$5)DVN(UF'
MQ#-*










E#772$X BS;MQR7J


S]O)%[0X


ME H74;)M+W*2A

4OQ3

6N#6$W54T3
M*G;=_6XQ

\3

*6-4W9]-AJ]JYE1N\JF?C
M[%($J]9#CAL2@88%Q]#8BKQ0R;X7NI$JV;YZ!W/N:0SZB)4$



MZ78GH=G0].\NSUK.C;78_1?(IS_$(C#@LC'8P$LE!+@929+!@:
@Y6$2!-BT

TE8


MW\$R

9
M%D4;%I@A40JF
=.P2

1J6$T;B
+4Y=J&H'7:)1M1



'DYNKV

O^93VY_I.T\5T( (K*#94D 57KOF+L0+'(';N+WHAA


^9+JEEH*!JA3+O1F




MXGT VJ6T5*YQ8:H8+\G?KEU=[D/.S]!+:15_Z]D6DMS*3G)6[\99FOO/5!
MNRZE:D)7TXQ3.L^

&UL[;U[
M<^2XD2_Z_XVXWP%W]L:&'5<]_1A[[)Y=^T3IU:Y=M4J6JGO6,7'0151$CTL

MWG[_YCL DPT*H^3A3]\=LE=!MHFB[T6!TD8QB!?_KN&6;?_:\__]__UW_^

M9
\P14HM@YOO']#3ZQ!&F.K;/Y(?7I$?7KUYRZ/KO^&/_GZ1Y%'^?(;'\32(
MEYC^U_^&STW&

65
MY &A[\KDQ)I%G1KP08NQC )-1KER-D8*


M I27:Q/NP@!):



HJQ.:C9

E](_P[G0 TH5M^^T'M74




MB[_C04TMUVA8


M/FF'1/[QWTFU&!*&JVUY1/N&*=XWDF-GI)IJI V&@!*AFUK0ZP@X)GSY&:


MP0\P/YIN;L@/L.+LTB/4@$-:2O0=I+B&#SGN3'^H

($,*MB2)K$9Y;)$V:%TF?)HCX


M:2TE'Q

=BW&1&' D-E6
MS?O^3!OYE46!A7.S';184\9JSTX=6.C8=3XY.IH#G.V5O69.
;1XYS;+D%NT
Y$<'0&:'UF\3.KJ+@/HJC/((9CMUT9^
CBD











MD!!..A;@_X:**]-:Y#7W%2AS













E@7';




?7R*-B%.:2'G?)CI])




6\*[TZ7=PMS[QS#6E'
&WVDQBY$VOF
M3C7&GDL21O3-J5FPZ?/EU:?UA=.COT/:[['KAE[\TW2W;7


&QF:(#I+2\;[KDLD
C
M/ 
8U7-2F;1)2+NXO



F-M$ZQ[-]SQ'NR!*E.K$8@)Z
MM4L1+?NF[[16W*M_)*4;WW0=B]4
?F%




?2
M\MJYW'P/TPB%6-PTY^9QNKA:7)\=]WSXW9CMD&8VNA@:6'\6+6,T4G?OBD





MP9L 8V'HO.P
M?X?QLIL*EGAPR_#X #'#)4Z-$VR




MURHM/_/*5^
F-OG8/4Q)(VH/$;43KZ4*@@XCM31H2$V/4S7[66W/@NSQ
D9?


M8+A

K+379'=*.B3:DFR
MB6+8J
CB/

M^MT_ U1&O:4UNFH9M4NU;5C
+[PJQ-O'I6B@C:5XB3B\
-C;$SJ+;7?;%9
M:B?.][J_M#[#]XW;KXI% (4



M.BCH'PD_(C;=OB/GY^^[H6@?PN_0DG=JCVL:!Z='&VTFL?++($KI7ITJLZF*
MP2K&/D!(2_F]-
5_TMY..\EH^4]/13-FUN=&<UU@QH[E\%
!AZDH#0_H8@%

E;*S6
M.)/98@BW,$UQHK8MA,!),I:.E2
 CJWI
(XK1ZJ0HQT=3T#.&


6EDX7

7')FL
2G*Z5&V]8XKAG'/SRHZ,I-+[ALY\QD,J
ML;\1XS.=LZ0'''*K8LMH?SFB9PZB%FDK7D-XE$F7=U[3!=:0XP@UYSDP ^Y#
M@;KJKA).F;WA/)/GW<8\J8^NR61!R,*\9[$4P=^B[C*PXE=CRIG@MAPDE<Q
MG]SWY
!9%R!J'0 P:4W
MDMI<9NU@;B]UDYCV,+)_,'=Y_?GB;@8'<V6P'O;1057/E<9GRV%<'LP=P-A





M+8\LO([TT&7\0
5PRL6


VH&

M*


M@X??7C$


7WS=

7]Q

]/]J(H%*6/8WLFC?

AW
MY:-$*7.:5J[I[5I11)
7.]_E09K7%TI%L?4$G%Y\6%Y?DS73U27XV\7B=K;A
M5M=
305;+:R_$9


M:?5&H%5+9HHAQ2
H87@-%1L&MQ[55&F#BGDS+1AX8*EB5:


MWT9=95R1MG[G@&&Q;
XUC?+XRE6M5Y .4^=U'A5NE-D.;\E]KAQ
OH*PS9


MV8

M-J#@



E)##+S5%IC!/VY@V66&W7I4-ARF
MWXGP_&$?:SJZ&7Z:V[?&LS8?#DBG_R2/G^DY,-BPBCMR\6N0AH[WY1DT$&0#
MC9D;0[G+[TLC(C1$8AV6^!5D53MN]L5KNF#1WFS*ED0C5&&QS6]B^-ZR&@6




TW

ME
^-V?.3L0EOR^=^$?LE@@22U9#L_%EGS2


+M+$'Y0H(6_\2%4XD:9B_8L&]4&3
M\](](F-;U*95.9U65+QIIVU2-:3A]!;&I!$MO8WACG0KOP\R&!8]L[7J,
Y



!5
2+-0#H4?@]
@($A6

M\ ']^8A)CT./KD7=PCQ*Z:DM






M3[N7[G/QCX/3:DF&68?44D:X4S\=W=E=)TD;';+*QJ2([&JJ\78\\Q[&!ZDH
MS5



7KWB


MJ^BIN.%YS*C15\O0&JP,N^2A-\KRI!?3.UTR!J#+C*AVIDA60R#I0#D_O%

MR [I

%;HE//LRQR)Q'9;I\/3Q ^QV9#VIV0+^,]1_GAVP,:[
M@^FHTIT:9<VD@H3&T<N*7]2X4
/241WL) I7=D?R_'12RUPT3C]S@;(N(DA
MX0T*YH!P!P5[9^ZY)_P!#3*\!!#&VR-\,=!4GJWJ_13M5!4KQ@ZO4!'$ABD
MJI_08B/]
][OAE+
\:K@5G
[/;_ <**L=O,6AXSI*%!O_&)6] 07ZIQ+&XX
MY!XUS?;]LA-NO3O9:L][E)7S,=JN6-VIM,CK;2-7YV1C=,!O&)]SNMB.-WX



M#RA]7I-MNAH'2!1(:IQ(D*9NYPA)+30D

-E\'A
1)U*)&F4OV'


MZ

+4UP<]]GJQ78+-Z3^7BKL%F?2I**#
M9^!QQ'J7&G!Y'3XCS4&=I=TZ6Y-ST3CT#L^[#S2SNH0A3&G%MC07(K ? 6*$

M9_6[9?(I25D1^%\PQ._!PUNVS&YAD*$$O\$S)I-%VH'$OC!ZEF5;+@LAJ1(

SN$6XNE=2&V1'U@+Z/Z*VN=747/C=-UY['I[!--CO=+ML6X
MF0[C2%C*[# @$H


@K1
M7$V#!XZ:)#64 9








+KYNXD


6D!96XH) 7D* !SB&FLXN2LMT!



L5)?T1K/

F@PR#]'HJZZ?N9]_R.9L)


5-C(0=BD^?)]\.W]V@&0NBOKM=BISA3M(EY?_C43W@277\;JG2


#T
MN9ZNJ@]3O62T@F

1M_;?N+9K2%4X/41RR


MT&JG2J3L(:+EK)WT+-@Q944V]:.R:7[&N;D
F
.X(&E]^8A!W% _]HSJSH*[
M#O5/NY7U4P:WA_@JVDJ=GE$B9W:'9$790A.



&4':T
M4!16#*D/N[X[1 (EI*0Y7Q&)6V02D^-UZ1#UBWFFQSPK#

MQWK5GQUV!YPS1D^0=7*E)UFCLC.@FON


M+=)[:+5=A$CS*E?Q\WI--@2DS'L5;;:$9Q4%'Z?]3?J4CV0TXYFBXYJ.5Y6.
MIST=7OG5';E1+4C#[-
^#'*(O_^[-^_5;5R2H%Y(DJ%M8W:]N/L$?GSSH]-Q

M/X^P$G$$IW_ N$2:_&%DFXV&(;UO=X
_RT3









&XQ







2;C8H32/_L6Z+74I2
6K

M:U]8$ZRWD#ABH:'SA:TL/ R

MIT$699\2=$_6U
ERV3+9'W+\9PQD%+-QLZXG];LT[
DP#GW#XKQ\?[5E0R)W



MYP9V7





;


NLY*O\N
'E7DMNLS+\?J)G242ZZL@YE?)*\2+=3__




M[$GM@_

Q8J1+
NSB^Y
MH$?7:$ ;VK!*W^LH?&P$G 8O]O

M=




G2<0FT-RYX9:'<]2Z@)?W0J
-
I:U8701I'


MU(R)%R;=IW@DH1:_E!P+]3NM*6.N9RD



I8VYA4



L$VP?

74ZN(E%WVG@FIJ\TSOW =%I7\IE4CNO30[*
M@\8ZUBZF,TKW(I(VNDL(;#^N./K@ +T@=R@6W.^ =+A$K7QX:H?F_Z8C1-
M:ZW6]]Q%/XQ18UJ;E(T6Y9;7]1NGO5PJ.O 2KX#AKW6%U/WO- KGY-5@$-.

M:\2F9;!2VE\_1GC6%K



#Q[C.(8IJ3#K4*KLB$*ZF-')S$K
M@P#G!C:

EI2[7'#B=W20Y-/N:$7*9I#$(2VM8@H&;5
M'+:
'S6'S!M[Z(
%22K
]IWSNWV

#FZAS




5:DU

M$U1?A)E;65)@C G6PLV[)CGEO,'.RX V!$):W9[6T@RI B+?6J+FF=P_M\



MU)

CH6ZGWUVT_J:78)A'S1DOH



M#L!8
 :4



MN67/^Y?J@*KD2)K?
9;CR9+C




M[?&2\HYY.0(QG3F@^SAZ)S?+M:/)+2EF_:+ZK
5
^DB
QX3'I94761()$B


M3-JM1TXGRV3]!9&%4J4ZC@9QF\!6?&RXX;LW

HZGEGU=S@LY70<E8OCH
MHI=8 _8\M$;=+LPE(RO^^6X6_GD

M%XRL^.8/\_#-(RBU?+.IR5G!INN;6 K_?'/]%,8;'.U0YH:Q&U7/&QXIB_




M1'/'U- 8



M4:^IR)G&J:#\\O88J* CYS)-7?F-A)S#$)[N_65!%D&-NDR;HE&LFL1?_!X
M1=0D7$FD0.\1&G8HRM4+GQKM0B;Q


M!W$
P]-G_KV

P9PA O?P+=AC

2]E
.







MM#HEE2/*Q.W39?T:!?%)N7-/KBNMUVFMF[V
:3Y\@ E
@QC/^!8A.2U


[.X2G@

@



R(QG((5P+QJPH^<


M-3$O*ZY)C[I!F*QV271_R);8:A)22QCGJC)41QG

 /[KKSE
@#$A !1(84_


BBH ]I)S(J78&ZO


/M:F0M 5ERL.UV;EM$

MPX(R9K
VF



M$3 AR84#-\*^@'X%(OI_O



M&/[^SFV;0^-&TT[!S8'S$@RD'I7NY8+2O2 FU:Z@F$/AL9B_+
(P(H\$
9_)
M'/)'E$;_@M

MA%)HO?I!+6DCE5484D\H

NT+Q
W%5[@YD'8T

07T26-R /K9
])Z]30(?R([^UON43&8QOERB= O9#2LN
M=O



MJIVX3M$ODNLI:)]TMFH:!4_ F983%$#9?AO%#BE+M5





&^UKA'

M!*[:OWG^,*60J5X..;%;FFD=[*\]6K-9
=ND)GW49B%N7=SXZ':#%_)Y%4



ELK=TQ



WJ2K/[W

M'&#A025]?UG


+:.O#E#]_!)E\9KNT?60?J
M)_7X3S5H1N)29'1W-F2$2)8.#JB+8V]DR&O^D^&E =#7@D.AIPTVAKE5'*0
M,M%!1F2GIS\\/O(QWD*E3W2,Q+[SP,94SGF1A&Y=LQ3  \?DLLS0+6$2OC2G
M;%NF-9=LH*[JD)]J2Q?MHE'6[NCRLG2OJ9%6]V---A8\9!/O:M F:#9'O6+



M3?'

&.A

M8=6T_$Z[[[#AXQNJOWLV6LR@7:N?]NZXQ/]M#!_-(N-
A@]EH3US)T7Y/1@^










MQ$G@##U+U (T!KT]K;Z/$9FP.\(._ +8SB-S]0N,ZNG'V$JBW_.TGHS2_%

'FE/RT@]







#7K!7-P ZE:\O4
W
##1(06%^PA /(##E3KZ.EU7?QC= R02MC;P
MS<DENG?N22C-5S&'4-NP]XVQ3HE!O_V'3=W\LG?;[ \CT$&
SP^!E\^8AYI
M%



M?BUXHTYNM90\*.F/*!I(V28Y

M*Z;G\'!X;5KSR(E^06:50



M[Z(878+GV!R@-=0H^E;!P&]8Q B6A9.N! V@/,!F)'3,RN]  IY?BF[+A#




M%]UE/6NBQB(I1WK.3;#Y-7B(D@?M8U6=!#0.\G30LG.8JF#FQ2FJ(1B0E(I\
M4WES^WVA[_'GI:P*'7?*.W$).

M)X P A'CY$&7F7X@D)22?%-Z7.D;7()SL 1G@+.1Z^#2



*)5
ML;-PE8[U$Z.2'KG(9[&05E*?OQZ%*LJ?KZ
DB#91$%\'N3!XAX[:;!1FL@/
M4=(:;_N)&M5_R0J4O !A!GXIV#GM:B()%%+3G18H*YP2XF5/R3#1XIKU!F

M&=KM4')7M0;)3H
LVDSR.B#(V1!.UX]S!#94F'JCDC'X'%VC;.O%*&$ .;OB

#$X
3(S


MM'PXUOSU%R E@I3X0(
















M#*ZO URX4'U
(3H9A/D6HF+5GR$UR/0\4GM6'(-JD.E;J





MO:Z(12-RTY004

1GA)@X?09WR1.16+R&@A6UQ?K4QFGH3Q_
T


 U7V
M+LNPZL-YY,JJ03!?G7'9'\381659P%@ZX/0JN)O,]B)5_;,F;\:@5)^:E

(AX A\9:




M3






'PCHM6W7*+BC.RE



MRPIGG X;JEC)8A!]&386CR+-JD08*\[Y;9/=G*M2XH51Y GNSH7$V$V9[%


MIOA]

M3] 

_(









C8]/^IBO!BN=0H8$8]
M_0NRE_


MT_J
YY?H*:1N67) $:UQ##KOE60Z(\&$; (!ZNU
F)DM


&9'%%J4F- BIZZF,:5NK/

^&T2+=4
M



LY:%EZ^L_:]E!L8BH$
M^P9Q4U6=%[ND)53_BOUXXWEJQ\2VVM;?%P%U
WZ:BB=WB58^FCG6)OPBRQ=D

MY8E40Q!4\HK


;@-%;3EZ-T0D(C6?-#^9I\1_J[2GK*J0RA93 :J[LWB%O./^4T

5/GBU:Q;JC+?
<2!3/?66V#=/?8
MF!(\SEU@(3\!XNK;N.^

M4\-F_DB[UB^#153W/1:%T?UG*K.N?Z9V6@^X3'R9B@-(8C=-D$:VQ;_CD-N
M8 *7F22
]X@G+0))SD+9IB\*J@?Q2F92BM/M2B#LCRIKO:T2?)B@PM)D6HZ

M4'F5FN)Q&XH









-G&/QN_W_#04RTO
MR+C4-?6=\.*'EN.)]E2L(=2JI.:(X:NC&'RX;MG1;9#I.-_140\(M]=3U 0

M%35

W8



G3[36FQR\A?Q^]9HENLFHBNG*
&*)?3
M4


<DJ'A:WVE)




ME'J_A80')[7614D=GRV%]LH-ZNU K/+0[(9_C0P3+)FF
()Z2

MZ2&7FT4G8V_:A7O9_@4RU!+@$*I-ZVW*XP-.6J4'U]C_L7!FBTP.9&(BW7C?

/6IH4[5OP]_&R;Y9

5 CTAI)K;UAG9 J7TFC=76^F#M=



Y!NB&_!&48EOT-;1JP9WE17.Z;?PD
M1/ 1^2_.C/R9;:+@#BV?D
_#&9BD8GSC3J(9$7)EY;C03 NHZ9\=&K ]H:







M+9H%!9//&94]\E\'1*\YNX
U-@/VNXR#6T$$3A+0Z44AD_5,4QI/%]ES

W(E-/BA N

M)E7XPK7+J2BOUH-6EF-GJEN#4O(*OM;7 UE@MQ1]K3[[


MY42@)T;X=MYW%-:=(1E#*0\=VNL (]\JB 8S_PPPSKY+]VV28_HIO:CF9A
M]FKF#UFJ(:.W;&_&8LWW*C\6P5,WEFO-/R??^D+/E+!5I*5 &0K_Y$MB;T









?Y)[<=@NY1S\S!HI/E,(B BA


''K(<?T;,.?O=I.%![,!5.&$O*.1/Z'U(RG!M:LPR\<+2-DD/'ISD

(5F
(Y@<*[/TJHS!$,VN+
M9BY;@AXXC6KV+Z XFE'PRR.9IY3A[LX&NSZ

MH) SASXO+7I.?J&

MJ1##.Q1T

5NW
M].3


M;36@!1NE=93:FHC00SH/-?4/F.1NB69T?\0Z[C

%2<%!3/*'*IHW\
ZDD XVPJ6[ R1E64TUD
M:!(O;4IM-(F7







8J:*0_$ZTB B':NHN<



MT^

'R'3'
M\[W=1U2-S

F_MV%;

M]Q2)*!3Q7U73:5-3XYHA%EP=@[
XI.$GY:3WH
1; Z#YKA@5
?2=*_K1_+@G


)]




M+@VKVAT/4EFK@H#JPG#81\ZS=T%M W\MT .L\'O5V@RYW(/0F0ES74) EU8_

M\EEA.&



C Y( -&!*1@?3$N:1*POTIC.[;PG)CN0ZR$!QS-

BP4/T:7P


ML?-S
3U3C'CK&B:0;;7WYV;0S#84J)52043Q]9]459
QASI*JMO*6F[L(+EZ




686JY00Z1*
JWVS^.8

+8*3EOK
MIB
LH=&21D&*;[(L#:W

MB4]+3ZBJ=%2VW3

MA

;A


M3@SR9H[4;L\-1VD]$T&4?\41;50%(_Q
* RN0)??$@+*2P^4@MGL)1](N-47


J'=EPE

MOK)




0'(=@,*FN&1=?;X%3H1@=KM[;OW@GO@R^W2C16 +27

V$\9WOQPG)=9)^O=QEL
M# !D*

V2TKA)MNF%@LX;2UQ2K2EK9L!;+S)Z4..V :C-
M;R*&KW&VG 1\&^H\/4@?: !NC=ZL]5E)O;EW]3]14EJ-#.*\H ?7\N+.HO&/






M[=+QT8P

MG-447WFA4$=M


M\GU#.=G*?Z2 K:).IS5
Y3Y1Q1+OV=[YH(&#

QN



M(7]+V:

4CHZ@RH-(2QB
S#F-3
MEC(=A



M.(O=U%BU\SU%]J.Y=ZG*5Q/






MK =?-=QT@;X:VZ%&S?)H*@&]79\/QX






EUJ^W3WX#LS

[
MS6A!W]4VN29T&VMSW?;-LW0X%1=@U-):SOTKJN9^A=-_2N.X!
E=::?A@)

U9YXHA


J^\
%T=8)J8X\
M847]I=O-@UHE.0 K7:L/_?5QM+-*P&#$=*$^#@NE=Z'  ;KI4IG7UM2(&VI/
MLSM3=$\-FIV$Y(UTE3X/IPF^0KJSF%@3B:$\K];5$DKS2XLI'P^KU=9-55K@







MSI AKG)W'X9
#J[5:-%WFZ[5QR%;6JM$*WZ-8

MC62\+;.54:0
&)]+HRF*@A4I'JKIM:ZU0=;K\Y!3 =3HV@JZ8V60S747=%(.









M&E!U4:UF7 H%1\@;4S$X/RRJ X?PRG(['RIF



M2(_)*0ID4_^J
$&AX\=/QC2I7N+S)YQPZ]YV 
N*
T_0G.QE^P)[B=^?#$PY

)#=,S)







MDTF*3Q.61@&Q\P-D3ZU74'5'G%4T[E(S'&+6]&;


M5WHTJ$EHI2IYBM='+7*_T#[]VWO*[Y



3@Q
C
Q+GAS9%!+ 0(4 Q0    (  B&7$[R_GZ+ A   '[D



C Q.#$R
S%?;&%B+GAM;%!+ 0(4
M Q0    (  B&7$Y(NJ'T]D



