

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-21-003615
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		95
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20201231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20210222
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20210222
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Freshpet
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001611647
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GRAIN MILL PRODUCTS [2040]
		IRS NUMBER:				201884894
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36729
		FILM NUMBER:		21660330
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 PLAZA DRIVE
 1ST FLOOR
		CITY:			SECAUCUS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07094
		BUSINESS PHONE:		201-520-4000
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 PLAZA DRIVE
 1ST FLOOR
		CITY:			SECAUCUS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07094










  

  
 









000


000


732


718


162


148
























































































































































































































































































    &#xa0;

  




WASHINGTON
 D.C. 20549 







December 31
 2020








FRESHPET
 INC. 




400 Plaza Drive
 1st Floor
 



(Registrant&#x2019;s telephone number
 including area code) 






Common Stock
 $0.001 par value per share



 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.&#xa0;&#xa0;&#xa0;&#xa0;




 and (2)&#xa0;has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.&#xa0;&#xa0;&#xa0;&#xa0;




 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company.&#xa0;See the definitions of &#x201c;large accelerated filer
&#x201d; &#x201c;accelerated filer&#x201d; and &#x201c;smaller reporting company&#x201d; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.








 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.&#xa0; &#x2610;






 2020
 the last business day of the registrant&#x2019;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter
 the aggregate market value of the registrant&#x2019;s common stock held by non-affiliates was approximately $


 2021

724
185



 11
 12
 13
 and 14 will be furnished (and are hereby incorporated) by an amendment hereto or pursuant to a definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A that will contain such information.







    &#xa0;







    &#xa0;






    &#xa0;


Freshpet
 Inc. 
   
   
   

     &#xa0;




      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
Market for Registrant&#x2019;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
      

     
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
      


      
      
      


      
      
      


      
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
      


      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      



   




        2







        &#xa0;




   


    &#xa0;

  
  

 results of operations
 plans
 objectives
 future performance and business. You can identify forward-looking statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. These statements may include words such as &#x201c;aim
&#x201d; &#x201c;anticipate
&#x201d; &#x201c;believe
&#x201d; &#x201c;estimate
&#x201d; &#x201c;expect
&#x201d; &#x201c;forecast
&#x201d; &#x201c;outlook
&#x201d; &#x201c;potential
&#x201d; &#x201c;project
&#x201d; &#x201c;projection
&#x201d; &#x201c;plan
&#x201d; &#x201c;intend
&#x201d; &#x201c;seek
&#x201d; &#x201c;may
&#x201d; &#x201c;could
&#x201d; &#x201c;would
&#x201d; &#x201c;will
&#x201d; &#x201c;should
&#x201d; &#x201c;can
&#x201d; &#x201c;can have
&#x201d; &#x201c;likely
&#x201d; the negatives thereof and other words and terms of similar meaning in connection with any discussion of the timing or nature of future operating or financial performance or other events. They appear in a number of places throughout this report and include statements regarding our intentions
 beliefs or current expectations concerning
 among other things
 our results of operations
 financial condition
 liquidity
 prospects
 growth
 strategies and the industry in which we operate. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those that we expected
 including:
  


    
     
     

 our employees
 suppliers
 customers and end consumers
 which could adversely and materially impact our business



     
     
     






     
     
our ability to timely complete the construction of our Freshpet Kitchens 2.0 at our Freshpet Kitchens Bethlehem
 Freshpet Kitchens South and Freshpet Kitchens Ennis (our Freshpet Kitchens Bethlehem
 Freshpet Kitchens South and Freshpet Kitchens Ennis&#xa0;together
 Freshpet Kitchens) and achieve the anticipated benefits therefrom;






     
     
     






     
     
     






     
     
     






     
     
     






     
     
     






     
     
     






     
     
     






     
     
     






     
     
the impact of government regulation
 scrutiny
 warning and public perception;






     
     
     






     
     
adverse weather conditions
 natural disasters
 pestilences and other natural conditions affecting our operations;






     
     
     






     
     
the effect of potential price increases and shortages on the inputs
 commodities and ingredients that we require;






     
     
     






     
     
     






     
     
other factors discussed under the headings &#x201c;Risk Factors
&#x201d; &#x201c;Business
&#x201d; and &#x201c;Management&#x2019;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#x201d; in this report.



  

 we caution that it is very difficult to predict the impact of known factors
 and it is impossible for us to anticipate all factors that could affect our actual results. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations
 or cautionary statements
 are disclosed under &#x201c;Risk Factors&#x201d; and &#x201c;Management&#x2019;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#x201d; in this report. All forward-looking statements are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. You should evaluate all forward-looking statements made in this report in the context of these risks and uncertainties.
  




       3







       &#xa0;




  
  
  
  
  

 Inc. (&#x201c;Freshpet
&#x201d; the &#x201c;Company
&#x201d; we or our) is disrupting the over $38.0 billion North American pet food industry by driving consumers to reassess conventional dog and cat food offerings that have remained essentially unchanged for decades. We position our brand to benefit from mainstream trends of growing pet humanization and consumer focus on health and wellness. We price our products to be accessible to the average consumer
 providing us with broad demographic appeal and allowing us to penetrate multiple classes of retail
 including grocery (including online)
 mass
 club
 pet specialty and natural. We have successfully expanded our network of Freshpet Fridges within leading blue-chip retail chains. The strength of our business model extends to our customers
 who we believe find that Freshpet grows their pet category sales
 drives higher traffic
 increases shopper frequency and delivers category leading margins. As of December 31
 2020
 our household penetration within North America was approximately 4 million
 with a&#xa0;target of&#xa0;11 million households by 2025
 an increase from our prior target of 8 million.&#xa0;Additionally
 we believe that there are opportunities to expand our network into international markets as demonstrated with our recent initiatives in the U.K. market.
  
  
  

 which we estimate will grow&#xa0;at an average compounded annual growth rate of 5.7% from&#xa0;2020&#xa0;to 2025. We believe pet food spending in North America will continue to increase at a similar rate during this same time period.&#xa0;The pet food market has historically been resilient as consumers continue to spend on their pets even during economic downturns.
  
  
  
&#xa0;&#xa0;&#xa0; There are currently approximately 85&#xa0;million pet&#xa0;owning households in the United States
 which represents approximately 67% of total households
 and over 170 million dogs and cats in the United States
 according to the American Pet Products Association.
  
.&#xa0;&#xa0;&#xa0; According to Packaged Facts
 95% of U.S. pet owners view their pets as members of the family. As pets are increasingly viewed as companions
 friends and family members
 pet owners are being transformed into &#x201c;pet parents&#x201d; who spare no expense for their loved ones
 driving premiumization across pet categories. This trend is reflected in food purchasing decisions. According to an American Pet Products Association's Pulse Study published in December 2020
 64% of pet parents feel they are closer/more bonded with their pet due to the COVID-19 pandemic. We believe that pet owners' closer bond to their pets aligns with recent trends
 which the COVID-19 pandemic has further accelerated.&#xa0;
  
&#xa0;&#xa0; &#xa0;Consumers are increasingly purchasing fresh
 natural and organic food products. We believe consumers are seeking simple
 fresh and easy to understand food products from brands they trust and made with ingredients that are transparently sourced.
  

 resulting in high repeat purchasing behavior. As a result
 we believe that as consumers try fresh
 refrigerated pet food
 they are likely to become repeat users of the product.
  
  
  

 conventional pet food sold as dry kibble or wet food in cans has not changed substantially for decades. We believe that the pet food industry has not kept pace with how consumers think about food for their families
 including their pets. As a result
 consumers are searching for higher quality
 less processed food for their dogs&#x2019; and cats&#x2019; meals that measure up to today&#x2019;s sensibilities of what actually constitutes &#x201c;good food.&#x201d; Freshpet was specifically designed to address this growing need with affordable offerings accessible to the average consumer.
  




       4







       &#xa0;




  
  
  

 fresh food to our dogs and cats. And
 we are committed to doing so in ways that are good for Pets
 People and Planet.
  
  
  

 healthy food that we do. Freshpet's carefully selected ingredients and&#xa0;gentle cooking process ensures best-in-class bioavailable nutrition. Hundreds of customer testimonials each year underscore Freshpet's support of a long and healthy life. Further
 since founding Freshpet
 we have donated over five million fresh meals to pets via shelters
 charitable organizations and humane societies.&#xa0;We also participate in Random Acts of Kindness to do our part to improve the lives of pets and pet parents. We also support giving pets a leg-up on living their best life and have donated over ten million fresh meals to pets via shelters
 charitable organizations and humane societies.&#xa0;
  
  
  

 pet parents
percentile). Additionally
 we strive to be good partners with customers
 distributors and suppliers by conducting business with honesty and transparency knowing that we cannot&#xa0;grow without their support.
  
  
  

 tastiest pet food possible. Freshpet Kitchens Bethlehem is a landfill-free facility thanks to state-of-the-art recycling
 digesting
 and waste-to-energy processes. The electricity used in the Freshpet Kitchens Bethlehem and its refrigerators in its over 22
000 retail locations is matched with 100% U.S. wind energy renewable energy credits. Freshpet's chiller fleet efficiency has improved&#xa0;every year with our latest units being up to 7.5x more efficient than units from just 6 years ago. Nature's Fresh became Freshpet's first carbon neutral brand thanks to our carbon offset partnership with Conservation International. These efforts and more help ensure a healthy planet for generations to come.&#xa0;&#xa0;
  

 motivate our team members and attract strong partners
 which allows us to fulfill our mission of delivering the best nutritional product choices to improve the well-being of our pets
 enrich pet parents&#x2019; lives and contribute to communities. Freshpet&#x2014;Pets
 People
 Planet.
  
  
  

 cat food and dog treats. All Freshpet products are made according to our nutritional philosophy of fresh
 meat-based nutrition and minimal processing. Our proprietary recipes include real
 fresh meat and varying combinations of vitamin-rich vegetables
 leafy greens and anti-oxidant rich fruits
 without the use of preservatives
 additives or artificial ingredients. Our unique product attributes appeal to diverse consumer needs across multiple classes of retail where Freshpet is sold. Consequently
 our brand resonates across a broad cross-section of pet parent demographics.
  
  
  




       5







       &#xa0;




  

 with ingredients
 packaging and labeling customized by different classes of trade and are available in multiple forms.
  





       


        &#xa0; &#xa0; &#xa0;&#xa0;
       


       



  


    



         &#xa0;



       



        
      



        
      


        &#xa0;
      



  
  
  
  
  

 refrigerated pet food distributed across North America
 product innovation is core to our strategy. We take a fresh approach to pet food and are not constrained by conventional pet food products
 attributes and production capabilities. We employ a tightly-knit
 creative team of marketing and research and development professionals
 and we consult with outside experts through our Nutrition Council
 which consist of PhD&#x2019;s in nutrition and veterinary nutritionists. Our team often identifies pet parents&#x2019; needs by evaluating emerging demand trends in both pet food and human food. New products are refined iteratively with the help of consumer panel data to arrive at products that we believe can be commercially successful.
  

 refrigerated slice and serve rolls
 and over time have steadily expanded into successful new product forms including bags
 tubs and treats. We also introduced new fresh recipes and ingredients
 such as proteins and grain-free options never before seen in pet food that cater to the specific dietary requirements of pets.
  

 which is part of our Freshpet Kitchens
&#xa0;helps us ensure that we remain capable of strong innovation including creating new product platforms to expand the breadth of our fresh pet food offerings. We expect that new product introductions and the introduction of new cooking techniques will continue to delight our consumers and drive growth going forward.
  
  
  
 All of our products are manufactured in the United States. We own and operate what we believe to be the first fresh
 refrigerated pet food manufacturing facility in North America
 Freshpet Kitchens Bethlehem. This 240
000 square foot facility was built to United States Department of Agriculture standards and currently houses five&#xa0;production lines customized to produce fresh
 refrigerated food. We are currently in the process of commissioning the sixth and final line which is expected to go live by the first half of 2021.&#xa0;
  

 titled Freshpet Kitchens South. Freshpet Kitchens South currently has one production line with the space to add more production lines in the future.&#xa0;
  




       6







       &#xa0;




  

 approximately 99% of our product volume was manufactured with Freshpet owned equipment.
  
 Due to the continued growth of the Company&#x2019;s fresh pet food sales
 the Company has&#xa0;plans to continue expanding its manufacturing capacity.
  

 located in Ennis
 Texas
 began in 2020.&#xa0;We expect initial production to begin by the first half of 2022.&#xa0;
  
  
  
 Our products are made with natural and fresh ingredients including meat
 vegetables
 fruits
 whole grains
 vitamins and minerals. Over 60% of our ingredients are sourced locally from within a 200 mile radius of the Freshpet Kitchens
 and 96% are from North America. We maintain rigorous standards for ingredient quality and safety. By volume
 our largest input
 fresh chicken
 represents approximately 48% of total ingredients. In order to retain operating flexibility and negotiating leverage
 we do not enter into exclusivity agreements or long-term commitments with any of our suppliers. All of our suppliers are well-established companies that have the scale to support our growth. For every ingredient
 we either use multiple suppliers or have identified alternative sources of supply that meet our quality and safety standards.
  
 Outbound transportation from our facility is handled through a third-party refrigerated freight broker. We expect to be able to leverage certain distribution costs as volumes grow. For certain retailers
 we use national and regional distributors.
  
  
  

 consistency and safety from ingredient sourcing to finished product. Our company-owned manufacturing facility allows us to exercise significant control over production. Our quality assurance team includes 13 salaried quality assurance supervisors
 specialists and analysts
 and 32 quality technicians&#xa0;with significant experience in pet and human food production.
  

 calibrate instruments
 record data and perform corrective actions. Our on-site laboratory has microbial and composition testing capabilities. Quality control approvals are based on a positive release strategy
 wherein a batch can only be shipped when it passes control point record reviews and laboratory testing. Before commencing production
 quality assurance professionals swab equipment to test for potential contaminants.
  

 which is the highest standard determined under the Global Food Safety Initiative Benchmarks. We believe our systems and standards for product quality and safety can support our growth and ensure continued success in the market.
  
  
  

 Canada
 and the United Kingdom
 generating the vast majority of our sales in the United States. The strength of our business model makes us an attractive partner for leading blue-chip retailers
 who we believe find that Freshpet grows the sales of their pet category
 drives higher traffic
 increases shopper frequency and delivers category-leading margins. Our Freshpet Fridge locations have been consistently increasing as we add new retail accounts and add stores in existing accounts. We are in approximately 22
700 stores and believe there is opportunity for us to install a Freshpet Fridge in at least 30
000 stores in North America. We sell our products through the following classes of retail: grocery (including online)
 mass
 club
 pet specialty and natural.
  

 our largest distributor by net sales
 McLane Company
 Inc.
 accounted for 18% of our net sales and our largest customer
 Target
 accounted for 8% of our net sales.
  
  
  




       7







       &#xa0;




  
  
  

 the Freshpet Fridges. Our Freshpet Fridges are typically four feet wide by seven feet high and replace standard shelving in the pet aisle or an end-cap of a retail store. Our Freshpet Fridge designs are constantly evolving with all new models featuring prominent edge-lit LED headers
 LED interior lighting
 crisp black interiors and frameless glass swing doors for aesthetics and easy access. We use state-of-the-art refrigeration technology and environmentally friendly refrigerants to minimize energy consumption and environmental impact.
  

 produce
 install and maintain the Freshpet Fridge through a combination of in-house resources and world-class partners. We source our Freshpet Fridges from five leading global commercial refrigerator manufacturers with whom we have a collaborative approach to refrigerator design and innovation. Once ordered by us
 Freshpet Fridges are shipped to distribution centers for delivery and installation in retail stores.
  

 and at any given time less than 0.5% of the network is out of service for maintenance. Moreover
 to ensure quality
 cleanliness and appropriate in-stock levels
 we employ brokerage partners to conduct a physical audit of the Freshpet Fridge network on an ongoing basis
 with photographic results of our Freshpet Fridges transmitted back to Freshpet for review by members of our sales team.
  

 calculated by comparing our total current costs for a refrigerator (including installation) to our current margin on net revenues. We believe our attractive value proposition to retailers and pet parents will allow us to continue penetrating store locations of existing and new customers. The Freshpet Fridge provides a highly-visible merchandising platform
&#xa0;allowing&#xa0;us to control how our brand is presented to consumers at point-of-sale and represents a significant point of differentiation from other pet food competitors. Our total chiller fleet at retailers covers over one million cubic feet of space.&#xa0;&#xa0;
  



     


       
     
     



  
  




       8







       &#xa0;




  
  
  

 digital and public relations to reach consumers through multiple touch points and increase product trials.
  

700 retail locations within blue-chip retailers helps to introduce consumers to our brand and instantly distinguish Freshpet from traditionally merchandised pet food. We have effectively used national TV advertising to drive incremental consumers to try Freshpet products. We expect to realize greater benefits from national TV advertising as we continue to grow the network of Freshpet store locations nationwide. We have also expanded our online presence to better target consumers seeking information on healthy pet food. We reach consumers across multiple digital and social media platforms including websites
 blogs and online reviews
 as well as with tailored messaging on popular digital hubs including Instagram
 Facebook
 Twitter
 TikTok and YouTube.&#xa0;
  
  
  
  
  

 Nestl&#xe9; and Big Heart Pet Brands (part of The J.M. Smucker Company). We also compete with specialty and natural pet food manufacturers such as Colgate-Palmolive and General Mills. In addition
 we compete with many regional niche brands in individual geographic markets.
  

 with limited shelf space and a significant number of competing products
 competitors actively support their brands through marketing
 advertising
 promotional spending and discounting.
  

 ingredients
 brand awareness and loyalty
 product variety
 product packaging and design
 reputation
 price
 advertising
 promotion and nutritional claims. We believe that we compete effectively with respect to each of these factors.
  
  
  

 healthy and safe workplace
 while creating work environment policies that promote diversity
 equality and inclusion for our valued employees. We believe that when we create a workplace where our colleagues are engaged
 committed and empowered for the long-term
 we are better positioned to create value for our Company
 as well as for our stockholders. We are proud of our focus on promoting human rights across our operations - from our supply chain to our products - and are committed to build our business on a foundation of ethics.&#xa0;
  

 we invest in our employees through high-quality benefits and various health and wellness initiatives
 and we have created a healthy work environment in our offices. In order to incentivize and engage our workforce
 Freshpet provides:
  



     


     
     


     
     
     

 including pet insurance



     
     
     





  
  

 2020
 we had 591&#xa0;employees
 of which all but seven&#xa0;are located in the United States. None of our employees are represented by a labor union or by any collective bargaining arrangements with respect to his or her employment with us. We believe that our employee relations are good.&#xa0;
  




       9







       &#xa0;




  
  
  

 1st Floor
 Secaucus
 New Jersey 07094.
  
  
  

 annual proxy statements and related proxy cards are made available on our website at the same time they are mailed to stockholders. Our annual reports on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 periodic reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports that we file or furnish pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#x201c;Exchange Act&#x201d;)
 are available through our website
 free of charge
 as soon as reasonably practicable after they have been electronically filed or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#x201c;SEC&#x201d;). Our website also provides access to reports filed by our directors
 executive officers and certain significant shareholders pursuant to Section 16 of the Exchange Act. In addition
 our Corporate Governance Guidelines
 General Code of Ethics
 Code of Ethics for Executive Officers and Principal Accounting Personnel and charters for the committees of our board of directors are available on our website as well as other shareholder communications. The information contained in or that can be accessed through our website does not constitute a part of
 and is not incorporated by reference into
 this report. The SEC maintains a website
 www.sec.gov
 which contains reports
 proxy and information statements and other information that we file electronically with the SEC.
  
  
  

 or for which applications are pending
 with the United States Patent and Trademark Office including
 among others
 Freshpet
 Vital
 Nature&#x2019;s Fresh
 Roasted Meals
 Fresh From The Kitchen
 Freshpet Dog Joy
 Dognation
 Homestyle Creations and Pets People Planet.
  

 Freshpet Fridges and manufacturing operations.
  

 recipes and formulations
 continuing innovation and other trade secrets to develop and maintain our competitive position.
  
  
  

 distributors
 and ingredients and packaging suppliers
 we are subject to extensive laws and regulations in the United States by federal
 state and local government authorities. In the United States
 the federal agencies governing the manufacture
 distribution and advertising of our products include
 among others
 the Federal Trade Commission
 the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (&#x201c;FDA&#x201d;)
 the U.S. Department of Agriculture
 the United States Environmental Protection Agency and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration. Under various statutes
 these agencies
 among other things
 prescribe the requirements and establish the standards for quality and safety and regulate our marketing and advertising to consumers. Certain of these agencies
 in certain circumstances
 must not only approve our products
 but also review the manufacturing processes and facilities used to produce these products before they can be marketed in the United States. In addition to agency regulation
 we are required to comply with state feed control requirements in the United States. We are also subject to the laws of Canada
 including the Canadian Food Inspection Agency
 and the United Kingdom
 including the Food Standards Agency
 as well as provincial and local regulations.
  
  




       10







       &#xa0;




  

 laws governing advertising
 privacy laws
 safety regulations and other laws
 including consumer protection regulations that regulate retailers or govern the promotion and sale of merchandise. Our operations
 and those of our distributors and suppliers
 are subject to various laws and regulations relating to environmental protection and worker health and safety matters. We monitor changes in these laws and believe that we are in material compliance with applicable laws.
  
  
  

 customer service
 accounts payable
 accounts receivable
 purchasing
 asset management and manufacturing. Our order management process is automated via Electronic Data Interchange with virtually all our customers
 which feeds orders directly to our ERP platform. We complement the ERP system with a Warehouse Management System
 which allows us to improve tracking and management of ingredients and streamline manufacturing.
  
  
  

 the Company has began to upgrade its ERP system. This upgrade process&#xa0;is expected to run through Q4 of 2021.&#xa0;
  
  




       11







       &#xa0;




  
  
  

 uncertainties and assumptions that we believe are material to our business
 which should be considered in conjunction with&#xa0;the other information contained in this report
 including our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. If any of the following risks actually occurs
 our business
 financial condition
 results of operations or cash flows could be materially adversely affected. While the risks are organized by headers
 and each risk is discussed separately
 many are interrelated. In any such case
 the trading price of our common stock could decline
 and you could lose all or part of your investment.
  
  
  
The COVID-19 outbreak has had a material impact on the U.S. and global economies and could have a material adverse impact on our employees
 suppliers
 customers and end consumers
 which could adversely and materially impact our business
 financial condition and results of operations.&#xa0;
  

 a novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19) was reported and by March 2020
 the WHO had characterized COVID-19 as a pandemic. While the COVID-19 outbreak has not negatively impacted our sales to date
 it is impossible to predict the impact of the pandemic going forward. Continued quarantines
 government restrictions on movements
 rollout of vaccines or other governmental or societal responses could impact our business in the future
 perhaps materially.&#xa0;
  

 which may negatively affect our operations. These third parties include those who supply our ingredients
 packaging
 and other necessary operating materials
 contract manufacturers
 distributors
 and logistics and transportation services providers. As a result of the continued COVID-19 outbreak
 global supply may become constrained
 which may cause the price of certain ingredients and raw materials used in our products to increase and/or we may experience&#xa0; disruptions to our operations.&#xa0;
  

 and may in the future
 affect many aspects of our business. If a significant percentage of our workforce or any key employees are unable to work
 including because of illness or travel or government restrictions in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic
 our operations
 including manufacturing at our Freshpet Kitchens
 may be negatively affected. Additionally
 the Company has incurred
 and may continue to incur
 additional costs related to initiatives that increase workplace safety and attempt to minimize potential manufacturing shutdowns.
  

 among other things
 our ability to maintain and increase sales volume with our existing retail customers and consumers
 and to attract new customers and consumers. Our ability to implement our advertising
 increase our distribution
 and innovate new products that are designed to increase and maintain sales volumes may be negatively affected as a result of decreased retailer traffic
 modifications to retailer shelf reset timing or other activities during the COVID-19 outbreak. Retailers may also alter their normal inventory receiving and product restocking practices during pandemics
 epidemics or disease outbreaks such as COVID-19
 which may negatively impact our business.&#xa0;
  

 such as decreases in per capita income or the level of disposable income
 increased unemployment or a decline in consumer confidence as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak
 could have an adverse effect on distributor
 retailer and consumer demand for our products. Consumers may shift purchases to lower-priced or other perceived value offerings during economic downturns. Prolonged unfavorable economic conditions
 including as a result of COVID-19 or similar outbreaks
 and any resulting recession or slowed economic growth
 may have an adverse effect on our sales and profitability.&#xa0;
  

 consumer demand for our products surged
 primarily as a result of our end consumers stocking up on our products and increased pet adoption during the pandemic. During the initial surge
 we could not fulfill&#xa0;demand for all of our product orders. If future surges outpace our capacity&#xa0;build or occur at unexpected times
 we may be unable to fully meet our consumers' and customers' demands for our products. We cannot guarantee that the additional demand we have experienced for our products during COVID-19 will continue when the pandemic ends.&#xa0;
  




       12







       &#xa0;




  

 including the duration of the pandemic and governmental and societal responses
 are impossible to predict and could materially impact our business
 financial condition and results of operations.&#xa0;
  
  
  
  
  

 in large part
 on our ability to implement our growth strategy&#xa0;by attracting new consumers to our brand
&#xa0;expanding distribution through the installation of new Freshpet Fridges&#xa0;and launching new products. Our ability to increase awareness
 consumer trial and adoption of our products
 and to implement this growth strategy depends
 among other things
 on our ability to:
  



     
     
     






     
     
     






     
     
     






     
     
     






     
     
     






     
     
continue to compete effectively in multiple classes of retail
 including grocery (including online)
 mass
 club
 pet specialty and natural; and






     
     
     



  

 financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected if we fail to implement our growth strategy or if we invest resources in a growth strategy that ultimately proves unsuccessful.
  
We expect to need capital in the future for business development
 and we may not be able to generate sufficient cash flow or raise capital on acceptable terms to meet our needs. 
  

 we expect to rely on our cash flow from operations
 our credit facilities
 and other third-party financing. Third-party financing in the future may not
 however
 be available on terms favorable to us
 or at all. Our ability to obtain additional funding will be subject to various factors
 including general market conditions
 our operating performance
 the market&#x2019;s perception of our growth potential
 lender sentiment and our ability to incur additional debt in compliance with our&#xa0;contractual restrictions.
  

 our ability to make payments on and to refinance any indebtedness and to fund planned expenditures for our growth plans will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. If our business does not achieve the levels of profitability or generate the amount of cash that we anticipate or if we expand faster than anticipated
 we may need to seek additional debt or equity financing to operate and expand our business. From time to time
 we may seek to raise additional capital by accessing the debt and/or equity markets to fund capital expenditures or otherwise. We cannot assure you that our business will generate cash flow from operations in an amount sufficient to enable us to fund our liquidity needs. Further
 our capital requirements may vary materially from those currently planned if
 for example
 our revenues do not reach expected levels
 or we have to incur unforeseen capital expenditures and make investments to maintain our competitive position. If this is the case
 we may seek alternative financing
 such as selling&#xa0;additional debt or equity securities
 and we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so on favorable terms
 if at all. For additional possible effects of such offerings
 see Future offerings of debt securities, which would rank senior to our common stock upon our bankruptcy or liquidation, and future offerings of equity securities, which may be senior to our common stock for the purposes of dividend and liquidating distributions, may adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
  




       13







       &#xa0;




  
  
  
The pet food product category in which we participate is highly competitive. If we are unable to compete effectively
 our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
  

 with competition based primarily upon brand recognition and loyalty
 product packaging
 quality and innovation
 taste
 nutrition
 breadth of product line
 price and convenience. We compete with a significant number of companies of varying sizes
 including divisions or subsidiaries of larger companies. We face strong competition from competitors&#x2019; products that are sometimes sold at lower prices. Price gaps between our products and our competitors&#x2019; products may result in market share erosion and harm our business. A number of our competitors have broader product lines
 substantially greater financial and other resources and/or lower fixed costs than we have. Our competitors may succeed in developing new or enhanced products
 including fresh
 refrigerated pet food
 that are more attractive to customers or consumers than our products. These competitors may also prove to be more successful in marketing and selling their products or may be better able to increase prices to reflect cost pressures. We may not compete successfully with these other companies or maintain or grow the distribution of our products. We cannot predict the pricing or promotional activities of our competitors or whether they will have a negative effect on us. Many of our competitors engage in aggressive pricing and promotional activities. There are competitive pressures and other factors which could cause our products to lose market share or decline in sales or result in significant price or margin erosion
 which would have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.
  
Our operating results depend
 in part
 on the sufficiency and effectiveness of our marketing and trade spending programs.
  

 due to the highly competitive nature of the businesses in which we compete
 we must execute effective and efficient marketing investments and trade spending programs with respect to our businesses overall to sustain our competitive position in our markets. Marketing investments may be costly. Additionally
 we may
 from time to time
 change our marketing and trade spending strategies
 including the timing
 amount or nature of television advertising and related promotional programs. The sufficiency and effectiveness of our marketing and trade spending practices is important to our ability to retain or improve our market share or margins. If our marketing and trade spending programs are not successful or if we fail to implement sufficient and effective marketing and trade spending programs
 our business
 financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.&#xa0;
  
  
  
  
  

 manufacture
 marketing and distribution of pet food products. If consumer demand for our products decreased
 our business would suffer. Sales of pet food products are subject to evolving consumer preferences and changing demographics. A significant shift in consumer demand away from our products or a decline in pet ownership could reduce our sales or the prestige of our brand
 which would harm our business
 financial condition and results of operations.
  

 the technical capability of our product&#xa0;development staff in developing and testing product prototypes
 including complying with governmental regulations
 and the success of our management and sales team in introducing and marketing new products. Additionally
 the development and introduction of new products requires substantial research
 development and marketing expenditures
 which we may be unable to recoup if the new products do not gain widespread market acceptance. Efforts to accelerate our innovation may exacerbate risks associated with innovation.&#xa0;Failure to develop and market new products that appeal to consumers and meet our objectives could negatively impact our business
 financial condition and results of operations.
  




       14







       &#xa0;




  
If we fail to develop and maintain our brand
 or the quality of our products that customers have come to expect
 our business could suffer. 
  

 increasing awareness of our brand
 creating and maintaining brand loyalty and increasing the availability of our products.
  

 our brand value could diminish significantly due to a number of factors
 including consumer perception that we have acted in an irresponsible manner
 adverse publicity about our products (whether or not valid)
 our failure to maintain the quality of our products
 product contamination
 the failure of our products to deliver consistently positive consumer experiences
 or the products becoming unavailable to consumers. The growing use of social and digital media by consumers increases the speed and extent that information and opinions can be shared. Negative posts or comments about us or our brands or products on social or digital media could damage our brands and reputation. If we fail to maintain the favorable perception of our brands
 our business
 financial condition and results of operations could be negatively impacted.
  
The loss of a significant customer
 certain actions by a significant customer or financial difficulties of a significant customer could adversely affect our results of operations. 
  

 ten customers
 who purchase either directly from us or through third-party distributors
 collectively accounted for approximately 70% of our net sales. This percentage&#xa0;may increase if there is consolidation among retailers or if mass merchandisers grow disproportionately to their competition. We expect that a significant portion of our revenues will continue to be derived from a small number of customers; however
 these customers may not continue to purchase our products in the same quantities as they have in the past. Our customers are not contractually obligated to purchase from us. Changes in our customers&#x2019; strategies
 including a reduction in the number of brands they carry
 shipping strategies
 a shift of shelf space to or increased emphasis on private label products (including &#x201c;store brands&#x201d;)
 a reduction in shelf space for pet food items or a reduction in the space allocated for our Freshpet Fridges may adversely affect our sales. Requirements that may be imposed on us by our customers
 such as sustainability
 inventory management or product specification requirements
 may have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Additionally
 especially during economic downturns (including due to the COVID-19 pandemic)
 our customers may face financial difficulties
 bankruptcy or other business disruptions that may impact their operations and their purchases from us and may affect their ability to pay us for products purchased from us.&#xa0;To the extent customers seek to reduce their usual or customary inventory levels or change their practices regarding purchases in excess of consumer consumption
 our sales and results of operations could be adversely impacted in that period. If our sales of products to one or more of our significant customers are reduced
 this reduction could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.&#xa0;
  
If we are unable to maintain or increase prices for our products
 our results of operations may be adversely affected. 
  

 including competition
 our competitors&#x2019; pricing and marketing
 aggregate industry supply
 category limitations
 market demand and economic conditions
 including inflationary pressures. During challenging economic times
 our ability to increase the prices of our products may be particularly constrained. Additionally
 customers may pressure us to rescind price increases that we have announced or already implemented (either through a change in list price or increased promotional activity). If we are unable to maintain or increase prices for our products (or must increase promotional activity)
 our results of operations could be adversely affected. Furthermore
 price increases generally result in volume losses
 as consumers purchase fewer units. If such losses (also referred to as the elasticity impact) are greater than expected or if we lose distribution due to a price increase (which may result from a customer response or otherwise)
 our business
 financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
  




       15







       &#xa0;




  
If our products are alleged to cause injury or illness
 be mislabeled or misbranded
 or fail to comply with governmental regulations
 we may suffer adverse public relations
 need to recall our products and experience product liability claims. 
  

 including voluntary recalls or withdrawals
 and adverse public relations if our products are alleged to cause injury or illness or if we are alleged to have mislabeled or misbranded our products or otherwise violated governmental regulations. For example
 we have had legal claims brought against us in California for our use of the word &#x201c;natural&#x201d; in describing certain of our products. We may also voluntarily recall or withdraw products that we consider below our standards
 whether for taste
 appearance or otherwise
 in order to protect our brand reputation. Consumer or customer concerns (whether justified or not) regarding the quality or safety of our products could adversely affect our business. A product recall or withdrawal could result in substantial and unexpected expenditures
 destruction of product inventory
 and lost sales due to the unavailability of the product for a period of time
 which could reduce profitability and cash flow. In addition
 a product recall or withdrawal may require significant management attention. Product recalls
 product liability claims (even if unmerited or unsuccessful)
 or any other events that cause consumers to no longer associate our brands with high quality and safe products may also result in adverse publicity or legal challenges
 hurt the value of our brands
 lead to a decline in consumer confidence in and demand for our products
 and lead to increased scrutiny
 fines
 or other penalties by federal and state regulatory agencies of our operations
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.
  

 our insurance may not be adequate to cover all liabilities we may incur in connection with product liability claims. For example
 punitive damages are generally not covered by insurance. In addition
 we may not be able to continue to maintain our existing insurance
 obtain comparable insurance at a reasonable cost
 if at all
 or secure additional coverage (which may result in future product liability claims being uninsured). A product liability judgment against us or our agreement to settle a product liability claim could also result in substantial and unexpected expenditures
 which would reduce profitability and cash flow. In addition
 even if product liability claims against us are not successful or are not fully pursued
 these claims could harm our brand image
 be costly and time-consuming and may require management to spend time defending the claims rather than operating our business.
  
  
  
Our manufacturing capacity and expansion plans could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 
  

 the Company is expanding its manufacturing capacity. See Item 1. Business and Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations - Recent Developments - Supporting Freshpet's Growth.&#xa0;If our growth exceeds our expectations
 we may not be able to increase our own manufacturing capacity to
 or obtain contract manufacturing capacity at
 a level that meets demand for our products
 which could prevent us from meeting increased customer demand and harm our business. If we overestimate our demand and overbuild our capacity
 we may have significantly underutilized assets
 and we may experience reduced margins. If we do not accurately align our manufacturing capabilities with demand
 it could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.
  




       16







       &#xa0;




  
Adverse weather conditions
 natural disasters
 pestilences and other natural conditions can disrupt our operations
 which can adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 
  

 among others
 meat
 vegetables
 fruits
 carrageenans
 whole grains
 vitamins and minerals) are vulnerable to adverse weather conditions and natural disasters
 such as floods
 droughts
 frosts
 fires
 earthquakes
 tornadoes and pestilences. Adverse weather conditions may be impacted by climate change and other factors. Adverse weather conditions and natural disasters can reduce crop size and crop quality
 which in turn could reduce our supply of ingredients
 lower recoveries of usable ingredients
 increase the prices of our ingredients
 increase our transportation costs or increase our cost of storing ingredients if harvests are accelerated and processing capacity is unavailable. Additionally
 the growth of crops
 as well as the manufacture and processing of our products
 requires significant amounts of water. Drought or other causes of a reduction of water in aquifers may affect availability of water
 which in turn may adversely affect our results of operations. Competing manufacturers may be affected differently by weather conditions and natural disasters depending on the location of their supplies or operations. If our supply of ingredients is reduced
 we may not be able to find enough supplemental supply sources on favorable terms
 if at all
 which could impact our ability to supply product to our customers and adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations. Increased costs for ingredients or other inputs could also adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations as described in &#x201c;&#x2014;The inputs
 commodities and ingredients that we require are subject to price increases and shortages that could adversely affect our results of operations.&#x201d;
  

 adverse weather conditions
 natural disasters or other natural conditions affecting our operating activities or major facilities could cause an interruption or delay in our production or delivery schedules and loss of inventory and/or data or render us unable to accept and fulfill customer orders in a timely manner
 or at all. If our operations are damaged by a fire
 flood or other disaster
 for example
 we may be subject to supply or delivery interruptions
 destruction of our facilities and products or other business disruptions
 which could adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations. For example
 during Q4 2020
 we experienced a delay in our distribution chain due to winter storms in the Northeastern United States
 which negatively impacted our results of operations for Q4 2020.
  
If the operating capacity or reputation of our Freshpet Fridges is harmed
 our business
 financial condition and results of operations may suffer. 
  

 known as Freshpet Fridges. If the operating capacity of our Freshpet Fridges is harmed by external factors
 such as adverse weather or energy supply
 or internal factors
 such as faulty manufacturing or insufficient maintenance
 our products contained in those fridges may be damaged and need to be discarded. In addition
 if our Freshpet Fridges fail to operate as intended
 for any reason
 the reputation of our Freshpet Fridges with customers and the reputation of our brand with consumers may decline. In such event
 customers may choose to discontinue
 or not to expand
 their use of Freshpet Fridges and our products and consumers may choose to forgo purchasing our products. Additionally
 growing concern about the environmental impact of refrigerators could likewise harm the reputation of our Freshpet Fridges with customers and our brand with consumers. Any such harm to the operating capacity or reputation of our Freshpet Fridges could adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations.
  
  
  

 our profitability and growth depend significantly on our efforts to control our operating costs. Because many of our costs
 such as energy and logistics costs
 packaging costs and ingredient
 commodity and raw product costs
 are affected by factors outside or substantially outside our control
 we generally must seek to control or reduce costs through operating efficiency or other initiatives. If we are not able to identify and complete initiatives designed to control or reduce costs and increase operating efficiency on time or within budget
 our results of operations could be adversely impacted. In addition
 if the cost savings initiatives we have implemented to date
 or any future cost-savings initiatives
 do not generate expected cost savings
 our business
 financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
  




       17







       &#xa0;




  
The inputs
 commodities and ingredients that we require are subject to price increases and shortages that could adversely affect our results of operations. 
  

 commodities and ingredients that we use include meat
 vegetables
 fruits
 carrageenans
 whole grains
 vitamins
 minerals
 packaging and energy (including wind power). Prices for these and other items we use may be volatile
 and we may experience shortages in these items due to factors beyond our control
 such as commodity market fluctuations
 availability of supply
 increased demand (whether for the item we require or for other items
 which in turn impacts the item we require)
 weather conditions
 natural disasters
 currency fluctuations
 governmental regulations (including import restrictions)
 agricultural programs or issues
 energy programs
 labor strikes and the financial health of our suppliers. Input
 commodity and ingredient price increases or shortages may result in higher costs or interrupt our production schedules
 each of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Production delays could lead to reduced sales volumes and profitability
 as well as loss of market share. Higher costs could adversely impact our earnings. For example
 fuel prices affect our transportation costs for both ingredients and finished product. If we are not able to implement our productivity initiatives or increase our product prices to offset price increases of our inputs
 commodities and ingredients
 as a result of consumer sensitivity to pricing or otherwise
 or if sales volumes decline due to price increases
 our results of operations could be adversely affected. Our competitors may be better able than we are to implement productivity initiatives or effect price increases or to otherwise pass along cost increases to their customers. Moreover
 if we increase our prices in response to increased costs
 we may need to increase marketing spending
 including trade promotion spending
 in order to retain our market share. Such increased marketing spending may significantly offset the benefits
 if any
 of any price increase and negatively impact our business
 financial condition and results of operations.
  
If the ingredients we use in our products are contaminated
 alleged to be contaminated or are otherwise rumored to have adverse effects
 our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
  

 for any reason
 we may need to find alternate ingredients for our products
 delay production of our products
 or discard or otherwise dispose of our products
 which could adversely affect our results of operations. Additionally
 if this occurs after the affected product has been distributed
 we may need to withdraw or recall the affected product and we may experience adverse publicity or product liability claims. In either case
 our business
 financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
  
Restrictions imposed in reaction to outbreaks of animal diseases could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 
  

 such as bovine spongiform encephalopathy
 or &#x201c;mad cow disease.&#x201d; As a result of extensive global publicity and trade restrictions imposed to provide safeguards against mad cow disease
 the cost of alternative sources of the protein-based ingredients we use in our products has from time to time increased significantly and may increase again in the future if additional cases of mad cow disease are found.
  

 such as foot-and-mouth disease or highly pathogenic avian influenza
 also known as &#x201c;bird flu
&#x201d; impacts the availability of the protein-based ingredients we use in our products
 we may be required to locate alternative sources for protein-based ingredients. Those sources may not be available to sustain our sales volumes
 may be more costly and may affect the quality and nutritional value of our products. If outbreaks of mad cow disease
 foot-and-mouth disease
 bird flu or any other animal disease or the regulation or publicity resulting therefrom impacts the cost of the protein-based ingredients we use in our products
 or the cost of the alternative protein-based ingredients necessary for our products as compared to our current costs
 we may be required to increase the selling price of our products to avoid margin deterioration. However
 we may not be able to charge higher prices for our products without negatively impacting future sales volumes.
  




       18







       &#xa0;




  
  
  

 from time to time
 a co-packer may experience financial difficulties
 bankruptcy or other business disruptions
 which could disrupt our supply of finished goods or require that we incur additional expense by providing financial accommodations to the co-packer or taking other steps to seek to minimize or avoid supply disruption
 such as establishing a new co-packing arrangement with another provider. During an economic downturn (including due to COVID-19)
 our co-packers may be more susceptible to experiencing such financial difficulties
 bankruptcies or other business disruptions. A new co-packing arrangement may not be available on terms as favorable to us as the existing co-packing arrangement
 if at all.
  
If we do not manage our supply chain effectively
 including inventory levels
 our business
 financial condition and results of operation may be adversely affected. 
  

 co-packer
 third-party distributor or transportation provider to deliver or perform for us in a timely or cost-effective manner could cause our operating costs to increase and our profit margins&#xa0;

 as well as having too much inventory on hand that may reach its expiration date and become unsaleable. Changes in the availability and cost of freight may affect our supply chain and ultimately the pricing and availability of our products. If we are unable to manage our supply chain effectively and ensure that our products are available to meet consumer demand
 our operating costs could increase and our profit margins could decrease.
  
  
  

 shipment tracking and freight dispatch services. Our use of transportation services for shipments is subject to risks
 including increases in fuel prices
 which would increase our shipping costs
 and employee strikes and inclement weather
 which may impact the ability of providers to provide delivery services that adequately meet our shipping needs
 including keeping our products adequately refrigerated during shipment. Any such change could cause us to incur costs and expend resources. Moreover
 in the future we may not be able to obtain terms as favorable as those we receive from the third-party transportation providers that we currently use
 which in turn would increase our costs and thereby adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations.
  
Disruptions in the worldwide economy may adversely affect our business
 results of operations and financial condition. 
  

 customer and consumer demand for our products. In addition
 our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with our suppliers
 contract manufacturers
 distributors
 customers
 consumers and creditors may suffer. Consumers have access to lower-priced offerings and
 during economic downturns
 may shift purchases to these lower-priced or other perceived value offerings. Customers may become more conservative in response to these conditions and seek to reduce their inventories. For example
 during the economic downturn from 2007 through 2009
 customers significantly reduced their inventories. Our results of operations depend upon
 among other things
 our ability to maintain and increase sales volume with our existing customers
 to attract new consumers and to provide products that appeal to consumers at prices they are willing and able to pay. Prolonged unfavorable economic conditions may have an adverse effect on our sales and profitability.
  




       19







       &#xa0;




  
  
  
Government regulation
 scrutiny
 warnings and public perception could increase our costs of production and increase legal and regulatory expenses. 
  

 processing
 labeling
 packaging
 storing and distributing pet products are activities subject to extensive federal
 state and local regulation
 as well as foreign regulation. In the United States
 these aspects of our operations are regulated by the FDA
 and various state and local public health and agricultural agencies. The FDA Food Safety Modernization Act of 2011 provides direct recall authority to the FDA and includes a number of other provisions designed to enhance food safety
 including increased inspections by the FDA of domestic and foreign food facilities and increased review of food products imported into the United States. In addition
 many states have adopted the Association of American Feed Control Officials&#x2019; model pet food regulations or variations thereof
 which generally regulate the information manufacturers provide about pet food. Complying with government regulation can be costly or may otherwise adversely affect our business. Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could subject us to civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions
 recalls or seizures
 as well as potential criminal sanctions
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.
  

 both in the United States and elsewhere. Issues such as national security or health and safety
 which slow or otherwise restrict imports or exports
 could adversely affect our business. In addition
 the modification of existing laws or regulations or the introduction of new laws or regulations could require us to make material expenditures or otherwise adversely affect the way that we have historically operated our business.
  
  
  

 including consumer class actions
 alleging that our product claims are deceptive
 such as products being mislabeled or misbranded. Regardless of their merit
 these claims can require significant time and expense to investigate and defend. Whether or not a false marketing claim is successful
 such assertions could have an adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations
 and the negative publicity surrounding them could harm our reputation and brand image.
  
From time to time
 we may be subject to litigation
 government investigations or governmental proceedings
 which may adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition.
  

 we have been and may continue to be involved in various legal
 regulatory or administrative investigations
 negotiations or proceedings arising in the normal course of business. In the event of litigation
 government investigations or governmental proceedings
 we are subject to the inherent risks and uncertainties that may result if outcomes differ from our expectations. In the event of adverse outcomes in any litigation
 investigation or government proceeding
 we could be required to pay substantial damages
 fines or penalties and cease certain practices or activities
 which could materially harm our business. For example
 as&#xa0;an employer
 we may be subject to various employment-related claims
 such as individual or class actions or government enforcement actions relating to alleged employment discrimination
 employee classification and related withholding
 wage-hour
 labor standards or healthcare and benefit issues. Such actions
 if successful in whole or in part
 may affect our ability to compete or could materially adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations.
  




       20







       &#xa0;




  
  
  
If we are not successful in protecting our intellectual property rights
 our business
 financial conditions and results of operations may be harmed. 
  

 copyright
 trade secret
 patent and other intellectual property laws
 as well as nondisclosure and confidentiality agreements and other methods
 to protect our intellectual property rights as well as the intellectual property of third parties with respect to which we are subject to non-use and non-disclosure obligations. We may need to engage in litigation or similar activities to enforce our intellectual property rights
 to protect our trade secrets or to determine the validity and scope of proprietary rights of others. Any such litigation could require us to expend significant resources and divert the efforts and attention of our management and other personnel from our business operations. The steps we take to prevent misappropriation
 infringement or other violation of our intellectual property or the intellectual property of others may not be successful. In addition
 effective patent
 copyright
 trademark and trade secret protection may be unavailable or limited for some of our trademarks and patents in some foreign countries. Failure to protect our intellectual property could harm our business
 financial condition and results of operations.
  

 and we have registered or applied to register many of these trademarks. We cannot assure you that our trademark applications will be approved. Third parties may also oppose our trademark applications
 or otherwise challenge our use of the trademarks. In the event that our trademarks are successfully challenged
 we could be forced to rebrand our products
 which could result in the loss of brand recognition and could require us to devote resources&#xa0;to advertising and marketing new brands. Further
 we cannot assure you that competitors will not infringe our trademarks
 or that we will have adequate resources to enforce our trademarks.
  

 ingredients sourcing
 cooking techniques
 packaging
 transportation and delivery. It is possible that others will independently develop the same or similar know-how or otherwise obtain access to our proprietary know-how. To protect our trade secrets and other proprietary know-how
 we require employees
 consultants
 advisors and collaborators to enter into confidentiality agreements. We cannot assure you that these agreements will provide meaningful protection in the event of any unauthorized use
 misappropriation or disclosure of our trade secrets
 know-how or other proprietary information. If we are unable to maintain the proprietary nature of our recipes
 methods and other know-how
 we could be materially adversely affected.
  

 to the extent we develop
 introduce and acquire products
 the risk of such claims may be exacerbated. Any such claims
 even those without merit
 could (i) require us to expend significant resources
 (ii) cause us to cease making or using products that incorporate the challenged intellectual property
 (iii) require us to redesign
 reengineer or rebrand our products or packaging
 including our Freshpet Fridges
 (iv) divert management's attention and resources or (v) require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements in order to obtain the right to use a third-party's intellectual property
 which may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. Any of such events may adversely impact our business
 financial condition and results of operations.&#xa0;
  
  
  
  
  

 we have expanded our global footprint by entering into new markets and may expand into additional markets in the future. For example
 we currently do business with three retailers in the United Kingdom
 where our products are selling in 390&#xa0;stores.&#xa0; As we expand our business into new countries
 we may encounter regulatory
 personnel
 technological and other difficulties that increase our expenses or delay our ability to become profitable in such countries. This may have an adverse effect on our business.
  

 our expansion into new countries may require significant resources and the efforts and attention of our management and other personnel
 which will divert resources from our existing business operations. As we expand our business globally
 our success will depend
 in large part
 on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these and other risks associated with our operations outside of the United States and Canada.
  




       21







       &#xa0;




  
  
  
We are subject to environmental regulation and environmental risks
 which may adversely affect our business. Climate change or concerns regarding climate change may increase environmental regulation and environmental risks. 
  

 we are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations. Many of these laws and regulations are becoming increasingly stringent and compliance with them is becoming increasingly expensive. Changes in environmental conditions may result in existing legislation having a greater impact on us. Additionally
 we may be subject to new legislation and regulation in the future. For example
 increasing concern about climate change may result in additional federal and state legal and regulatory requirements to reduce or mitigate the effects of green-house gas emissions. Compliance with environmental legislation and regulations
 particularly if they are more aggressive than our current sustainability measures used to monitor our emissions and improve our energy efficiency
 may increase our costs and adversely affect our results of operations. We cannot predict the extent to which any environmental law or regulation that may be enacted or enforced in the future may affect our operations. The effect of these actions and future actions on the availability and use of pesticides&#xa0;could adversely impact our financial position or results of operations. If the cost of compliance with applicable environmental laws or regulations increases
 our business
 financial condition and results of operations could be negatively impacted.
  
  
  
  
  

 some of which are managed by third-party service providers. We rely on our information technology systems to effectively manage our business data
 communications
 supply chain
 order entry and fulfillment
 and other business processes. The failure of our information technology systems to perform as we anticipate could disrupt our business and could result in transaction errors
 processing inefficiencies
 and the loss of sales and customers
 causing our business and results of operations to suffer. In addition
 our information technology systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from circumstances beyond our control
 including fire
 natural disasters
 power outages
 systems failures
 security breaches
 cyber-attacks and viruses. Any such damage or interruption could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.
  
  
  

 employees
 suppliers and others
 including personal identification information. Security breaches could expose us to a risk of loss or misuse of this information
 litigation
 and potential liability. We may not have the resources or technical sophistication to anticipate or prevent rapidly-evolving types of cyber-attacks. Attacks may be targeted at us
 our customers and suppliers
 or others who have entrusted us with information. Actual or anticipated attacks may cause us to incur increasing costs
 including costs to deploy additional personnel and protection technologies
 train employees
 and engage third-party experts and consultants. In addition
 data and security breaches can also occur as a result of non-technical issues
 including breach by us or by persons with whom we have commercial relationships that result in the unauthorized release of personal or confidential information. Any compromise or breach of our security could result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws
 significant legal and financial exposure
 and a loss of confidence in our security measures
 which could have an adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.
  




       22







       &#xa0;




  
  
  
We may be unable to use some or all of our net operating loss carryforwards
 which could adversely affect our financial results.
  

 2020
 we had federal net operating loss (&#x201c;NOLs&#x201d;) carryforwards of approximately $239.8&#xa0;million and state NOLs of approximately $189.8&#xa0;million that we may use to offset against taxable income for U.S. federal and state income tax purposes
 respectively. In general
 a corporation that undergoes an ownership change&#xa0;is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its &#x201c;pre-ownership change&#x201d; NOLs to offset future taxable income. In general
 under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended (the &#x201c;Code&#x201d;)
 an ownership change occurs if the aggregate stock ownership of certain stockholders (generally 5% stockholders
 applying certain look-through and aggregation rules) increases by more than 50 percentage points over such stockholders&#x2019; lowest percentage ownership during the testing period (generally three years). Purchases or sales of our common stock in amounts greater than specified levels
 which are generally beyond our control
 could create a limitation on our ability to utilize our NOLs for tax purposes in the future. Limitations imposed on our ability to utilize NOLs could cause U.S. federal and state income taxes to be paid earlier than would be paid if such limitations were not in effect. In addition
 under the tax reform bill commonly known as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act
 (i) the amount of NOLs generated in taxable years beginning after December 31
 2017 that we are permitted to deduct in any taxable year is&#xa0;limited to 80% of our taxable income in such year
 and (ii) NOLs generated in taxable years beginning after December 31
 2017 cannot be carried back to prior taxable years. Furthermore
 we may not be able to generate sufficient taxable income to utilize our NOLs before they expire. If any of these events occur
 we may not derive some or all of the expected benefits from our NOLs. In addition
 NOLs incurred in one state may not be available to offset income earned in a different state. Furthermore
 there may be periods during which the use of NOLs is suspended or otherwise limited for state tax purposes
 which could accelerate or permanently increase state taxes owed.
  
  
  
Certain of our variable rate indebtedness uses LIBOR as a benchmark
 which is subject to regulatory uncertainty that could increase the cost of our variable rate indebtedness.
  

 international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. In 2017
 the U.K.'s Financial Conduct Authority
 which regulates LIBOR
 announced its intention to phase out LIBOR by the end of 2021. It is unclear if LIBOR will cease to exist at that time or if new methods of calculating LIBOR will be established. If LIBOR ceases to exist or is materially altered
 this change could have an adverse effect on our financing costs by&#xa0;increasing&#xa0;the cost of our variable rate indebtedness.
  
  
  
Our quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly and could fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors due to seasonality and other factors
 some of which are beyond our control
 resulting in a decline in our stock price. 
  

 including because of the risks described in this Risks Factors section. Accordingly
 results for any one period&#xa0;are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for any&#xa0;future period. In the future
 operating results may fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors. In that event
 the price of our common stock would likely decrease.
  
  
  

 and may continue to be
 volatile
 and you may not be able to resell your shares at or above the purchase price. Such volatility could be based on various factors relating to our Company and industry

 Times

  <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

    <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 55%; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0

     <td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

  <p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times

  <p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times

  <p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times

     <td style=width: 25%; text-align: center; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 42%; text-align: center; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 33%; text-align: center; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=border: thin solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=border: thin solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

     <td style=vertical-align: top; border: thin solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=border: thin solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=border: thin solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica


 0

     <td style=border: thin solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=border: thin solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

     <td style=border: thin solid rgb(0
 0

  <p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times

  <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

    <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=22 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr class=finHeading style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=22 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

  <p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times

  <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

    <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=22 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr class=finHeading style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=22 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

  <p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times

  <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

    <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: right; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: right; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

  <p style=margin: 0pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

  <p style=margin: 0pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

  <p style=margin: 0pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

  <p style=margin: 0pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

  <p style=margin: 0; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

  <p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times

  <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

    <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: right; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: right; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

  <p style=margin: 0pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

  <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

    <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: right; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

  <p style=margin: 0pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

  <p style=margin: 0pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

  <p style=margin: 0pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

  <p style=margin: 0pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

  <p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times

  <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

    <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

  <p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times

  <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

    <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

  <p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times

  <p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times

    <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

     <td colspan=18 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

     <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: right; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: right; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0


    <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

     <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

  <p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times

     <td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

  <p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times

  <p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times

   <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=5 rowspan=1 style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

   <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

   <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 9pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 7%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 9pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

   <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


     <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

      <td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

  <p style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

  <p style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

  <p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <p style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <p style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <p style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <p style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <p style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <p style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

     <table class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

   <p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times

   <p style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

   <p style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=6 rowspan=1 style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=6 rowspan=1 style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

   <p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times

   <p style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

   <p style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

   <p style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
<p style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=9 rowspan=1 style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

   <p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times

   <p style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

   <p style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

   <p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times

   <p style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

   <p style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=6 rowspan=1 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

   <p style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
<p style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

   <p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times

   <p style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

   <p style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 <p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <p style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <p style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 <p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <p style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <p style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

   <p style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

   <p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times

   <p style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

   <p style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 52%; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

   <p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times

   <p style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

   <p style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 52%; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

   <p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times

   <p style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

   <p style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

   <p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times

   <p style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

   <p style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=7 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=1 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=1 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=1 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

   <p style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

   <p style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

   <p style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=14 rowspan=1 style=width: 9%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

   <p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times

   <p style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

   <p style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

  <p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times

     <td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

     <td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<body style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times

 Times

 Times


<p style=margin-bottom: 0; text-align: left; margin-top: 0; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times

<body style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times

 Times

 Times


<p style=margin-bottom: 0; text-align: left; margin-top: 0; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times

<body style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times

 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width:100%;font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times

			<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times

			<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width:100%;font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times

			<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times

			<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width:100%;text-indent:0;font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times

			<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times

			<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times

			<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times

			<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times

			<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times

			<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times

			<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times

			<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times

			<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times

			<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times

			<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times

			<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times

<body style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times

 Times

 Times


<p style=margin-bottom: 0; text-align: left; margin-top: 0; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width:100%;font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times

			<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times

			<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width:100%;font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times

			<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times

			<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width:100%;font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times

			<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times

			<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times

<body style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times

			<td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 73.2%; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0

			<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times

<body style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times

<body style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times

 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times

<body style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times

 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

<body style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times

 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 Times


<p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times

N
  X0DE- ^T

M               .$))300*       !   X0DE-)Q        H  0
M   .$))30/U      !( ]F9@ ! &QF9@ &       ! ]F9@ ! *&9F@ &
M       ! #(    ! %H    &       ! #4    ! T    &       !.$))
M30/X      !P  #_____________________________ ^@     ________
M_____________________P/H     /____________________________\#
MZ     #_____________________________ ^@  #A24T$       $
M  $   )    0      X0DE-!!0       0    !.$))300
      9Y
M 0   '    !(   !4   7H    9= !@  ?_8_^  $$I&248  0(! $@ 2
M_^X #D%D;V)E &2      ?_; (0 # @( D(# D)#!$+@L1%0\
# \5&!
3
M%1
3&!$
# P
# P1# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P

')9)3\.'Q8W

MTE7B9?*SA
4I(6TE<34Y/2EM<75Y?569G:&EJ:VQM;F]C='5V=W

58W





M'A%3_]#U51U\E)
DI;7R2U\DZ22EM?)+7R3I)*6U\DM?).DDI;7R4;7.:SVQ


MDI:4I3I)*6E*4Z22EI2E.F24L]^QA=$QP/$]@FK:6
 .KN7$=R=7?])#W.NM
YGYV]'31J;^B&KGDBNN!/OCQ_-=_+8FH<VC']3:27.V


R*;  'MWN_

M(S'J8!#07-'T]H!)B-WM#4E/_]+U51^]230DI;[TOO23%S1S]W=(D#=2_P!Z


MJ


9'3*
MKZ#4XU.EECK;+=1W]-C;&N=_7WU_

M6WU-Q!;N.SVL]I_X7_K:NFNC'8;&4@;1Q6T;C_5#5\MI('BZW]4CP?J6OUG/

MC^O8TLWHK&-8W:V8U.I+CKYNE?*Z22GZJ3'A?*R22G__V0 X0DE-! 8

10 ! 0  #$A
:6YO A   &UN=')2

M          #VU@ !     -
M2% @(


   &$


M960   -

   0
M)'1E8V@   0P    #')44D
   0\   (#&=44D
   0\   (#&)44D
   0\

M9R!#;VYD:71I;VX@:6X@245#-C$Y-C8M
BXQ               L4F5F97)E

0
M                        =FEE=P      $Z3^ !1?+@ 0SQ0  ^W
  03

 : !M
M '( =P!\ ($ A@+ )  E0: )\ I I *X L@W +P P0#& 
L T #5 -L
MX #E .L \ #V /L! 0$' 0T!$P$9 1\!)0$K 3(!. $^ 44!3 %2 5D!8 %G
M 6X!=0%\ 8


6 R$#+0
X T

#X /L _D$

@A&

$@PJ
M#$

7 QU#(X
IPS #-D

-W@WX#A
.+@Y)#F0.

OA[I'Q,?/A]I'Y0?OQ_J(!4@02!L()@@Q#P(1PA


MG2G0*@(J-2IH*ILJSRL*S8K:2N=*]$L!2PY+&XLHBS7+0PM02UV+:LMX2X6
M+DPN@BZW+NXO)]:+Y$OQR_^

M.% XC#C(.04Y0CE_.;PY^3HV.G0ZLCKO.RT[:SNJ.^@\)SQE/*0\XSTB/6$]

Z

M8TFI2?!*-TI]2L1+#$M32YI+XDPJ3')




ME&3I93UEDF7G9CUFDF;H9SUGDV?I:#]HEFCL:4-IFFGQ:DAJGVKW:T]KIVO_

M%'1P=




J-
8V8
MC?^.9H[.CS:/GI &D&Z0UI$_D:B2$9)ZDN.339.VE4BI3TE5^5R98TEI^7

MH-BA1Z&VHB:BEJ
&HW:CYJ16I

2I-ZFIJARJ



11Q

MRK?+-LNVS#7



MG.XH[K3O0._
\%CPY?%R\?_RC/

M @) P)0P1PH+$14/# P/%1@3$Q43$Q@1# P
# P
$0P
# P
# P
# P
M# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P!#0L+#0X-$ X.$!0.#@X4% X.#@X4$0P
# P
M$1$
# P
# P1# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
#/_  !$( @4#
M( 
!(@ $0$#$0'_W0 $ #+_Q $_   !!0$! 0$! 0         #  $! 4&
M!P@)@L!  $% 0$! 0$!          $  @,$!08' D*Q   00! P($ @4'
M!@@% PPS 0 $0
$(1(Q!4%181


M!34!  (1 R$Q$@1!46%Q(A
%
H&1%*&Q0B/!4M'P
R1BX7*DD-3%6-S-/$E
M!A:BLH,')C7TD235*
79$55-G1EXO*SA


 P$  A$#$0 _ /4?09_J!_Y%
M+T&?Z@?^11$DE(_09_J!_P12]!G^H'_ )%$224B..P_+R'_ )%+T&?Z@?\
MD45))2/T&?Z@?^12]!G^H'_D41))2/T&?Z@?^12]!G^H'_D41))2/T&?Z@?^
M12]!G^H'_D41))2/T&?Z@?\ D4O09_J!_P11$DE(_09_J!_Y%+T&?Z@?^11
M$DE(_09_J!_Y%+T&?Z@?^11$DE(_09_J!_Y%-]GKF?X#_P BBI)*1^@S_4#_
M 
BEZ#/]0/\ R*(DDI'Z#/\ 4#_R*7H
_P!0/_(HB22D?H
_U _\BEZ#/]0/
M_(HB22D1QV$1_ ?^13^@S_4#_P BB))*1^@S_4#_ 
BEZ#/]0/\ R*(DDI'Z
M#/\ 4#_R*7H

MO#B/\U)2;T&?Z@?^12]!G^H'_D41))2+T&?Z@?\ D4ACLDGQ\A_Y%%224C]!



MZA@X0!R\BN@.^CZC@V?AN4\?)Q\FL6X]K+JSP]A#A][4E+^@S_4#_P BEZ#/

MRYC*J3MML+AM:?W7N_-^DDIGZ#/]0/\ R*7H

M


_U _\BEZ#/]0/
M_(JE_P XNA?^6&/_ -N-_O5ZNVNVMME3@]CA+7-
@CR(24MZ#/\ 4#_R*7H
M_P!0/_(HB@VVMUCJPX%[(+V@ZB?H[A_*24MZ#/\ 4#_R*;T&?Z@?^114DE(A

MR*7H
_U _P#(HB22D?H

_U _\

_U _\ (HJ22D0Q

_U _\ (HB22D?H

BB))*1^@S_ % _\BEZ



%9/IA\[M7N=^E9^9:JK
M^@]8=TKJ^

M8


M01_

NQGLR



U



M
.Q='5V1+=[^S?4_PCO6QUG_DC-_XBS_J2L_%Q^JVYE#K.GXN!14=USF[;
M7O

PNB8GVKI]Y


M7 ?FT

9]




MI))))2DDDDE*22224I))))2DDDDE*22224T^H=3HP/2%C++7WN+*ZZ6[W$@;
<


M+6MKJ=O^G?4_?8QGYB2GLR]H!)( &I/@JXLQ.HX&\CU
3(820X0'


=U;7NLAK?7L?8]UU]/\ .?S:W\EN/T[ZLVC :-@H



_6

MNL9.]G];V*GUIOVB_IV'&YMV0++!&FREKK3N_M[$E-RSJ&-6[&:27'
.VC:)

[T+*W6#H]=H



MFQH#QNKW.;^\U8UV?2Q]EW3WW4=0N?\ I^DV
+V6/)V/W-V_H][/^U%;]B/T
M[K'3L;*ZD^]Y%]F06LH:USG%E36TU-K:UOYVUVQ)3M
ZEAOP3U!M@.*&%Y?Q




M


?8
MJ8QZ

MJW
+^I

MBJK_ 
(A5Y&/7F7Y=+7W6[;\CU=MC


KC+L04?:12PMSL/#QJFV-:76-:_P#IF35^
M^YM=FWVJYT)N'B7W9;
H.Q QE3G-H=32ZQSO8Z7V6.MO_

MM

MW


BG?ZFZMW^#24]I*#EYE.'C/RKI]*L2XM$G4[
M?:/FN

RW5O^@]6L7&8*6UT
MV&S%S

IR77-JG]7L-5A(@;@



MSGH6N]MFQ860[]H8-&/TECW5].Q;'.=M+?TIJ./7CMW ?IMMEKK$L]PZEBM9



DDI:$H3I)*6A1LIKM %@W!I#@#Q(^BII)*
M6A*$Z22EH\TH3I)*62A.DDI:$H3I)*6A*$Z22EDH3I)*6A*$Z22EH2A.DDI2
M2222E))I5?/S&86


M-]OT4E-I))))2DDDDE*22224I))))2DDDDE*22224I))))2DDDDE*4+.!\6_


.TDF!(_=6NZC

M+M6LL=[6V/9]#^6J/)'.9$Y#(P(TXOEMBQ&9/JNJ88W1KJNDG!=8UKG/99#9




8
M6#&$$$^J[?\ IO\ BVC9[%4KR\HLJS+'O?C5
K;8!8&V;S8ZI[GU5MVV_F_G




N][=[FEW]9)3?22224

M16MC62?BJ_5*O6PGL])U_!#&.VOD$.WUN_?K^FU/C$1B(C8EP%FOCOZ*.F
ML-1K;@EP#0= 7[O:UP?[_5]3]_WHV55A5LL?EG=7:]IVNDPX#:T5-;[MWM_
M697@Y=_16LR*2^^NRMV/ZC6BT
#JMS[-OM;9M;9_+]-7.I







M#

MC\J2G__6]522224I))))2DDDDE*43ZDZ1'G*DFW#Q24Q_2_R?Q2_2_R?Q4MP
M\0EN'B$E
(24Q_2_R?Q2_2_R?Q4MP\0EN'B$E


MQ4MP\0EN'B$E
(24Q_2_R?Q2_2_R?Q4MP\0EN'B$E
?TO\G\4OTO\G\5+
(24Q_2_R?Q2_
M2_R?Q4MP\0EN'B$E



U
M\;\EV[7LT?16A^E_D_BE6&5L:QL!K1 'P4MP\0ECAP1 ^W^\?F*HBA2PW_G1

M97Z]55KB]SH!M/MK:YK'
[?GN8BXG4W9%U;36&59 L=CN#I)%3MCO4;'LW_3
M8DIR






MUC56V.ZUU-MM!Q[JVV-WA\R^K]&R_Z7H?I/_12UNL7WU8;VXX?ZEDL-K&EQ
MK$%SK=K?Y/T/Y:2F Z0X8U6&,AQQ:V5L?66@EWIG=+;=U?J1[_I_P#!J5'3





M




GIU]UE=





MB[Z1M+G5M+/I
V[_ -(M#!IO%^1E7L%3L@LBL$.@
;L]SV_O.24WDDDDE*22
M224I))))2DDDDE*22224I))))2DDDDE*22224I0MG:(U
C3YJ:A9P/BW\J2G

M*7J#P=]Q4TDE

MJ#P=]Q4TDE

MP=]Q4TDE

M]Q4TDE

M4TDE

MDE

M

/

/4'

/4'@[



$_/L%
M5Z/0YF.;K/YW(/J./D?HJ')ZIQQ]/GG_ '8_+_C+9:D#ZEN[_)WW%+U!X.^X
MJ:2F7

D'(O'Z












MO#[U


M

MTC;??_
K1RG75LW4&NL2776V@D-:!J[:TLWNT_?24Y0Q'XXJ&$
GUPRIE=A$




MX-^\_P!R7Z3P;]Y_N24NA95(OI=47NJG4/8=K@1KRB#?^='R5/K36/Z=:VRP
MU




=M]WN24JWIE-C]]MK

MFXV-72.6CW?$_25%K1F=5)&M.&('.KRM/TV^!^\J''ZYRGT'HAY#YC_C+1J2

ME






M_.M9!W^W\W=]-6

9S[7
M/.4V\W5N


?63+6


MDI22222E))))*4DDDDI22222E))))*4DDDDI22222E*%G ^+?RJ:A:8:#SJ/
MRI*?_];U5))))2DDDDE*22224I1+23](C[O[E)1+V@P9^XI*6V']]WX?W);#
M^^[\/[D_J-\_N*7J-\_N*2EMA_?=^']R6P_ON_#^Y/ZC?/[BEZC?/[BDI;8?




M]]WX?W);#^^[\/[D_J-\_N*7J-\_N*2EMA_?=^']R6P_ON_#^Y/ZC?/[BEZC




MWS^XI*6V']]WX?W);#^^[\/[D_J-\_N*7J-\_N*2EMA_?=^']R6P_ON_#^Y/

M#^^[\/[D_J-\_N*7J-\_N*2EMA_?=^']R6P_ON_#^Y/ZC?/[BEZC?/[BDI;8



ML!)X[?)4^D4O-3LJPD6Y+MQXG;^:H]5L^T64X-9/Z5VZW0Z


M%;K#A738S0%P?6YLUEY#7;/56=7U;+.'38[(  98Y]YJ@FQ@:^O%MK/T+'-=

]K30T!A8YQJ];:]VM[=UF]B2D5?2\ZNFR@US]K%









MROI*622
QIRLTMZ[)A]




QN%BOR7-W!D0)@2XA@W._


 =^BMAWJ.MG]#6B#K-3L








)L_='W_[$IL_='W_[%-))
M3;/W1]_^Q*;/W1]_P#L4TDE,)L_='W_ .Q*;/W1]_\ L4TDE,)L_='W_PQ
M*;/W1]_^Q3224PFS]T??_L2FS]T??_L4TDE
)L_='W_[$IL_='W_ .Q3224P
MFS]T??\ [$IL_='W_PQ3224PFS]T??_ +$IL_='W_[%-))3;/W1]_^Q*;/
MW1]_^Q3224PFS]T??_L2FS]T??\ [%-))3;/W1]_P#L2FS]T??_ +%-))3
M;/W1]_\ L2FS]T??_L4TDE
)L_='W_[$IL_='W_[%-))3;/W1]_^Q*;/W1]
M_P#L4TDE,)L_='W_ .Q*;/W1]_\ L4TDE,)L_='W_PQ*;/W1]_^Q3224PFS
M]T??_L2FS]T??_L4TDE
)L_='W_[$IL_='W_ .Q3224PFS]T??\ [$IL_='W
M_PQ3224PFS]T??_ +$IL_='W_[%-))3;/W1]_^Q*;/W1]_^Q3224PFS]T?
M?_L2FS]T??\ [%-))3;/W1]_P#L2FS]T??_ +%-))3;/W1]_\ L2FS]T??
M_L4TDE




MJJZ+7=/P[V7LNJ#VY0 O:9AP:-K9_JI?8







6M+VM&W\[VH0ZRV'-=0]MX=6UM!+=Q-L^G+@[96[V/]1C_Y


M6F-KW5?SK6Z[DE+Y72L3)IMK+ UUQ+B_4D/+/0%FV?S:TU72
*NEM6PDMVGU
M-SM^Y@V


M%HEH!\1^5)3_ /_2]522224I))))2DDDDE*42P$S)^\J2B7P8VDI*6]


MREZ8\3]Y2WG]UWW);S^Z[[DE*]




MG[REZ8\3]Y2WG]UWW);S^Z[[DE*]



MQXG[REZ8\3]Y2WG]UWW);S^Z[[DE*]


M]

MKTQXG[REZ8\3]Y2WG]UWW);S^Z[[DE*]


ME*]

M*5L;XN^\K

MSG%QM


MMY_==]RN

MW);S^Z[[DE*]


MCFEAJ-3VQ_W_ -/8JM61=;TFH




=4(]OILL_.24

JA[S8





ME

MZ222E))))*4H6$  GQ'Y5-0L ( /B/RI*?_3]522224I))))2DDDDE*2242'
M3HZ/* DIDDH;7_OG[@EM?^^?N2F:2AM?^^?N6U_P^?N2F:2AM?\ OG[@
MEM?^^?N2F:2AM?^^?N6U_[Y^X)*9I*&U_[Y^X);7_OG[@DIFDH;7_OG[@E
MM?\ OG[@DIFDH;7_ +Y^X);7_OG[@DIFDH;7_OG[@EM?^^?N2F:2AM?^^?N
M6U_[Y^X)*9I*&U_[Y^X);7_ +Y^X)*9I*&U_P^?N6U_[Y^X)*9I*&U_[Y
M^X);7_OG[@DIFDH;7_OG[@EM?^^?N2F:2AM?^^?N6U_P^?N2F:2AM?\
MOG[@EM?^^?N2F:2AM?^^?N6U_[Y^X)*9I*&U_[Y^X);7_OG[@DIFDH;7_O
MG[@EM?\ OG[@DIFDH;7_ +Y^X);7_OG[@DIFDH;7_OG[@EM?^^?N2F:2AM?
M^^?N6U_[Y^X)*9I*&U_[Y^X);7_ +Y^X)*9I*&U_P^?N6U_[Y^X)*9I*&
MU_[Y^X);7_OG[@DIFDH;7_OG[@FAW[_X!)3-5
WJ%.+#3[[G?0J;R2J]_4+[
M;#C=/_2V?GV$#:U&P^F




TE#:_P#?

+J'HUW75W&*;*


M;O\ YW9_A$/IU=[+VW64OJ:S'IQBT@3O:7%[F[3_ #3-W\XJ-G3LZS&JQQ2[
M=AMMW.
 6;K66L;49]WJLK]VY)3MX'V/T/U./2DS$SN_.W[O?O\ ZZLJCTYE








V$D;7

M8S:K*2E))))*4DDDDI22222E))))*4DDDDI22222E))))*4DDDDI2A:8:#SJ
M-!\5-0LX'Q;^5)3_ /_5]522224I))))2DDDDE*43ZDZ1'S4DDE
/TO\G\4O
MTO\ )_%3224P_2_R?Q2_2_R?Q4TDE
/TO\G\4OTO\G\5-))3#]+_ ?Q2_2_
MR?Q4TDE,/TO\G\4OTO\ )_%3224P_2_R?Q2_2_R?Q4TDE,/TO\G\4OTO\G\5
M-))3#]+_ ?Q2_2_R?Q4TDE
/TO\G\4OTO\ )_%3224P_2_R?Q2_2_R?Q4TD
ME
/TO\G\4OTO\G\5-))3#]+_ ?Q2_2_R?Q4TDE,/TO\G\4OTO\ )_%3224P
M_2_R?Q2_2_R?Q4TDE,/TO\G\4OTO\G\5-))3#]+_ ?Q2_2_R?Q4TDE
/TO\
MG\4OTO\ )_%3224P_2_R?Q2_2_R?Q4TDE


MR3QY#Q2Z#]']W_OD/66I8?I?Y/XI?I?Y/XJ:2E7
/TO\G\4OTO\G\5-))3
M#]+_ ?Q2_2_R?Q4TDE,/TO\G\4OTO\ )_%3224P_2_R?Q2_2_R?Q4TDE,/T
MO\G\4OTO\G\5-))3#]+_ ?Q2_2_R?Q4TDE
/TO\G\4OTO\ )_%3224P_2_R
M?Q2_2_R?Q4TDE
6[OSH^2I]9979TZUMCG
9[27-;OB'!WNK_ #J_])_(5Y5L


IQ8:W4O+&VL:X@S6^=C_;]'Z/N8@GK=

W93Z1MQGW31 AI&QC;'5M_=


MY_[A^\);G_N'[PDI7I


\

\$O29X);G_N'[PEN?^X?O

M_PX?O?#'& TU)WD?FDD #97I

VO&JR&W.WY@MW@P17MM94

MM#*WO


_

M_I-G\YLWJQ=TO
N-F


M&TL)!_F;6AWTJM/T?YB$+NB!V0XL:T.:_P!5Y8=KVM.V_P!

M (12P
;
KN;=?4&%E-6-M#@9V%Q?=_Q?N^C_ #BIOZ1GOHKQ]K6_8Q9Z3R[2




/59X_E2]5GC^5

/59X_E2]5GC^53224P]5

/59X_E2]5GC^53224P]5GC^5+U6




DICZK/'\



EI.5D[01I76&_-4_V%?_ *:O[G?W+HDDV7*8I?,3W
B



'I#C?6;0\

U6U5P*\9M3GX]GKUQ<^X
MNW%SOH^YP_=V[%:24I))))2DDDDE*22224I))))2DDDDE*22224I))))2DDD
MDE*4+0T \2/RJ:A80 )\1^5)3__T?54DDDE*22224I))))2E$A\Z. ^2DFW

6?O#[O\ :E%G[P^[_:I;F^(2
MW-\0DIC%G[P^[_:E%G[P^[_:I;F^(2W-\0DIC%G[P^[_ &I19^\/N_VJ6YOB
M$MS?$)*8Q9^\/N_VI19^\/N_VJ6YOB$MS?$)*8Q9^\/N_P!J46?O#[O]JEN;

6?O#[O\ :E%G[P^[_:I;
MF^(2W-\0DIC%G[P^[_:E%G[P^[_:I;F^(2W-\0DIC%G[P^[_ &I19^\/N_VJ
M6YOB$MS?$)*8Q9^\/N_VI19^\/N_VJ6YOB$MS?$)*8Q9^\/N_P!J46?O#[O]

6?O#[O\ :E%G[P^[
M_:I;F^(3;AXA)2T6?O#[O]J46?O#[O\ :J^1U+#Q]++!N_=;J?P57[?G9/\

MV;6V?XJ Z4ZX[L[(=:?W&G:U7:

MXM$6=9ROH-;BUG\YPEWW*3.BU%WJ9-CLA_\ +X^Z5I;F^(2W-\0B
$=YDY#_














'W?[5+<WQ;</%)2T6?O#[


@




8YZV
'/L


MYIEK;&N8XAOYKU:24I))))2DDDDE*22224I))))2DDDDE*22224I))))2DDD









_='W);&?NC[DVY_

_='W);&?NC[
IB/K_ -ZCW@?EC.7^#P_]/A=G
M:SP'W(-N5A4B;;:V1^\0%F?LZTSEYE]WB X-'_?D6KZO=
K
G&]0^-CMR50


M #7(;]6

,<!H!K+WW=N_PNQS&[%#I%@]8




M]L.MTQ


T27%_P#//)'TL<#Y



#ZV

^WXJ]^':7^)-Z5-*YS_G
M2#&&=/\ A0N;R.K9+LL6NN=O)DN#C[9^CMU3HX)'?1;+F-0(1E

MZ/(27*5_67)-+)^S@P)LLM@DC\[T]R&_ZQW'1V=BU?U0]_Y&N0]F7@N&:Q8A
M


P^HG^:Z#


M4.@
W7%]-!)'W3!?$02;O4\38J









RIQ



LX





H/W7?<4MX_==]Q4TDE
/4'[KON*7J





M^_\ -24G5.WJN

MT#]@]['D%OT?48_;^^Q5
+$OS
*

MZ_YQ)3.PY&6RJS

M9



M'ZG_ !B2FSDY-6-5ZMDQ(:UK02YSG':QC&C\YSEGY'5;'&JZIL=/.ZK+M/ML


&TV;J;34^VRT.#A=6&&S)Q3'Z7U=GYWY_O6Z

B?%.DDDI22222E))))*4DDDDI222BY[&1

M=Z?[VS^;L62ZJ@YC

^BUE3&O]3_@[?324Z.1
MU%]KJW
TZ9>TTVWCVV5VO)K9+3[J_3
MFQOI_H\:VM_T;+

MNDDDDI22222E))))*4DDDDI222J9W4:
/&=D.FUK'!I;7[G23KH/W&^])3:E


M[-I^T7!K;F


MYWI@O:VM[7?1]7?L]1R2D?2 ]N4!70['K=3&57MBH7
+6LLH=]!_K5[OYO\


VQ6<+I[

;[*Z

271/]I%2224I))))2DDDDE*22224I))))3!U

W-K#M=K'N]3TOZC'#V*TG224I))))2DDDD


EU_J



MV2B)))*4DDDDI22222E))))*4DDDDI22222E))))*4DDDDI22222E))))*4D

MI^JDE\JI)*?JI)?*J22GZJ27RJDDI^JDE\JI)*?JI)?*J22GZJ27RJDDI^JD
ME\JI)*?JI)?*J22GZJ27RJDDI^JDE\JI)*?JI)?*J22GZJ27RJDDI^JDE\JI
M)*?JI)?*J22GZJ27RJDDI^JDE\JI)*?JI)?*J22GZJ27RJDDI^JDE\JI)*?J
MI)?*J22GZJ27RJDDI^JDE\JI)*?JI)?*J22GZJ27RJDDI^JDE\JI)*?JI)?*
MJ22GZJ27RJDDI^JDE\JI)*?JI)?*J22GZJ27RJDDI^JDE\JI)*?JI)?*J22G
MZJ27RJDDI^JDE\JI)*?JI)?*J22GZJ27RJDDI^JDE\JI)*?JI)?*J22GZJ27
MRJDDI^JDE\JI)*?JI)?*J22GZJ27RJDDI^JDE\JI)*?JI)?*J22GZJ27RJDD
=I^JDE\JI)*?JI)?*J22GZJ4+.!\6_E7RPDDI_]D!
end







begin 644 fp02.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_X0 L17AI9@  34T *@    @  0$Q  (

$1@5&AD8%1@7&QXG(1L=)1T7&(N(B4H*2LL*QH@+S,O*C(G*BLJ
M_]L 0P$' @*0H4PL4*AP8'HJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ
M*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ_\  $0@ 3 #T P$B  (1 0,1 ?_$
M !\   $% 0$! 0$!           ! @,$!08' D*__$ +40  (! P,! 
%

MA87&!D:)28G*DJ-#4V-S@Y.D-$149'2$E*4U155E=865IC9&5F9VAI:G-T

M @
1! 4A
08205$'87$3(C*!!1D:&QP0DC
U+P%6)RT0H6)#3A)?$7&!D:

MA(6&AXB)BI*3E)66EYB9FJ*CI*6FIZBIJK*SM+6VM[BYNL+#Q
7&Q\C)RM+3
MU-76U]C9VN+CY.7FY^CIZO+S]/7V]_CY^O_:  P# 0 $0,1 #\ ^D:*** 


I/\ WR3_ %KH[^6_MQ*D4\/.D\
M11@?H:WC44AIIENBC-%:CBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH *#THI#]TT 8'B?QKHGAW676[P1&09CB12TC_11SCW-8ND?%SPUJ]]#:
M

MNE6Z[89+FXF.V&WB&6D;^@]37/#PEJ'B&X%WXLNVV=4L+=L)&/0GN:[(JI;)

OQ

M*Z7XH_\ )-=8_PN/]17+? #_D3[[_K[/\J'O8RD[SY65+CX):R6M/'%_NZ



T32Y=(L1:2Z


D5$*BGL(FHHHK084444 %




8  /YYK?\+VW


M)!K.^%_A#6M:\*O=:-XON]'C^T.KV]O$&&X?Q$YZGBNDU;X.:SKL*1:UXYO+


8/&OP4U:_BC\F9(O+G@SGRW!'?N*C_9_5?\ A$K]


M'M'+6Q=KQN6M UV#7-'2^C^3&1*A_@8=:YC_ (2/6/%6M2V/AJ:.SM(?]9=N
MNXD=
@?RK\,3SV_@?QT1( 48(XP2#3_!&B7NIV-S+I^M3:=MDLD: [N.
9S<*%L2;=N06STR:U<:B4D](V'J<WX'M_$
NES_P!@WMG;0K-A



M]MO.
^S5[1XZ./ .N?\ 7C+_ .@FMA-/LX[@SQVL*3$DF18P&)/7GK4SQ)+&









M0H5#Q ,$1@5&AD8%1@7&QXG(1L=)1T7&(N(B4H*2LL*QH@+S
O*C(G*BLJ
M_]L 0P$' @*0H4PL4*AP8'HJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ
M*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ_\  $0@ C0#/ P$B  (1 0
1 ?_$
M !\   $% 0$! 0$!           ! @
$!08' D*__$ +40  (! P


! 0$!
M 0$! 0$        ! @

1 #\ ^D:CGGBM
MHS).X1!U)J2J&M)YFENON/YU



LI/TK;GCW(LS6H
MK


M+8Y.
]



ZY9?+/]W.:

M]?ZTWPKK$FM:/#?2V\EJTA(\MQCH

R^&_&WFZ=YMQ=WUQ)9*


-G&2?Q6
MKVKI%=VMK*T#XEQF*XA)8 A3A@



$TH5%-^Z.4'!:FIBH








M8.BT;?V(&UAMGF

Y_6H;&]-P)
1S*$
IK*=2#9<8S6A1U2\^SAFEGAR<[%?


MJFC7-F9;C3;Z2'RA\R+V'J*YW-29$XSY;VT.O\(Z[]LUDV%_ ]K?B%\JPX;'




]&-7GDHU$=4UY

@(/(.:Y


'-3:UIUR;2:^@OU8S(4

LDQ9V=\##)N^Z/\\5Z+BXOE




MPPWTT*


D=_0922.YETWS/M)$MPVY$C4$@D?=YR
 #MCH?6M83(%!+#!
KI (XI&,C,K2$MC<J9XR%ZM[M&75M]NI
MC4K




]*P)[[6



M=$9Q6C
9PENCUVT&+.$?[ _E4M1VQS:Q8Z;!_*I*]);'&%
1$8@I$O








M/FQ[KJZS'92.RMD##J6&YOJ3_05C4BJ7\5V-5[_P##U*IC=5!964=B1@4Q


M6MY8=6C*


M#B(IC &

 ^./BYJFJ:O<:?X7NC::= QC^T1?ZR<C@D-_
MOICGO7KGQ!U1]&^'VMWT+[)8[1PC9Z


M7P
&M? ;7
V2/4D5A:=]SYR5*I:YT5U9Z
M/:36T-VEG%)=.4@5XU^=@

]-@KDK6XL[_7GOYM-E2[M;4E




M?WS4PC96EJ;UZ$Z


M:+-::-$MJNTJ/

M6FR6PBC:24A5498D]!6G+5;N['%4ITY[-GE]S;R6]S:_:=.N!/(R3@(I+RC&





M'UXJ*UFU-5DG\P=22K$@9Z=/I3N[V/.J14F7+G_3;N26UNY()(=(:SW- 3

=J[ 7.IJ^?M!(
MWDX







ZR*3
M^ !_G0G[/7B)% _M/23SG)
G_P 37T-14\B.OZ_7[_@?/DO[/WB&6-5_M#2$


M%25.2E'='RQX;\(^(= UF[@U?2+NV_=??
1*$ANSC*GOWKH_LLO_ #S;\C7T



M
4O[.3^T/ZZ_Y3YPU+1(]4M?(NHY0 P9'C8JR

MQ'@J\09@/K7U116L
)*FK1G^!$L4I:N)\WVVG/I]G%#Y=Q=
#EY6&69NI8TY


)8

5%61S8C$3Q$^:1_]D!
end







begin 644 img02.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_X0 L17AI9@  34T *@    @  0$Q  (


%

MA87&!D:)28G*DJ-#4V-S@Y.D-$149'2$E*4U155E=865IC9&5F9VAI:G-T

M @
1! 4A
08205$'87$3(C*!!1D:&QP0DC
U+P%6)RT0H6)#3A)?$7&!D:

MA(6&AXB)BI*3E)66EYB9FJ*CI*6FIZBIJK*SM+6VM[BYNL+#Q
7&Q\C)RM+3
MU-76U]C9VN+CY.7FY^CIZO+S]/7V]_CY^O_:  P# 0 $0,1 #\ ^D:*** 
MBBB@ HHHH *\0\6_'36- \9:IH]II-C)#8S^4KRL^YOE!R

E]96]J;1XU7R68[MP)YS]*[G[5)V5?SKQ

_4TP C([4OUZ4N


MS68;=N/3ZUQD?[0VKQH6N-!LW'HDSK_
&M#X_C&DZ))W%Q(O_CH_PKP^63



MHHH **** BBB@ HHS1F@ KY7^+L*Q?%36!GYF:-_P XU-?5&:^7?CQ;?9OB
ME/*F?])M(93]0G\E%(#A22.V:B8Y[8ID4YZ-5H*&Z4#/9?V?!_Q+]=.
_O8





MJ0IQWKI/.(7H3CT/6J&JW:C3KM) 48V\F-W4_*:$YW6HG&-C!_9^DW:9KF1_





MMXPH'J?7


T3+M/0GJ/:FS^+
(+B3;NTR


&0 I/3BM

L:)U=


]9

M!\@KYY\9MFTM3Z2./TKWSP_%Y_PMTR



MH$Y)/4N^'=-TZT\):6Z:%IUWYLA1PR0B7EOO9DZ@=
#GGMBL7Q196NG^/V2S
J

MF89'(D'KC^]^-*FCV;1;FTF9&S]TRC)^8CLWH
_0^O%5[7D+V;/+_+U=9N



MYUJ?9A_*M*

S$GIJ$I_\=2M.;1S;2&2/1XKH%F\L2;G* -PZ[<YR

M'/;BNMK4.AOP:[9M
L3W+!BVW#P.NX^Q(I?$

RGU!B.*P8


M;2^(Z9UC@AWKJ





TAE9K




M_P!\)7=HVGS+

8[=!7
_$
MJ:WG^'+O9E39XMNT8 &?3M6DNI9@M#:*0@0* I  [=.GM5#Q(=/G\(ZM;7

K9 V^Q


M&]6-I-RGS%F7YAN.0/E.

MVH.@DOD\&:A&MEJ-G;3I(XQ%) Q!88Q_

MU%.L;;Q0+J)KYX43?&950H5*A5$BXQGDY(]






M_#/XBO
D?V+I:@G[%!U/RUPGP8_P0;K?_ %^1_P#HH5TSVOB8SW 2[H[3%L
MH1&&V[1C)VC=Q71'8^?QJ4<3-+NR2&;PM/+%' ;.1IDWIMY!7UST%)
GA:1







M^58'N#U%5((M6M+:.WMO$5\D
*A(U


QWO_ 'Y@


=Y_WYA_^(J(S
M:T?^9BO/^_


[/UZU!!X6U
M*UQ
MX;\2HVX^6$M'/RXX!..N?PKZQHH ^3I/!^L222^1X=\2
FUC'OLV!9L?*#^/

7@LO_E7W


M0H5#Q ,$1@5&AD8%1@7&QXG(1L=)1T7&(N(B4H*2LL*QH@+S
O*C(G*BLJ
M_]L 0P$' @*0H4PL4*AP8'HJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ
M*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ_\  $0@ C0#H P$B  (1 0
1 ?_$
M !\   $% 0$! 0$!           ! @
$!08' D*__$ +40  (! P


! 0$!
M 0$! 0$        ! @






]THKQ!?&OB/OJLO_ 'RO^%=!


(+@J1]U?_015#[.&JH?CZR@

'U%739@T^.S_P!(B*]?
7^8JGL:RDN5

U/EV6%0''4?44;0&XZ?0T@!4'&:Y
M?Q9X\L?MQ%:SV\]S=3 ,J1KA54G&YF/ Z'UJ]+$I-O0Z@X^ASZ5#

M]*\UUWXBZG?1I;^%Y+6WNF8






_96SWKIOA_;%/%!SQ_



OT Z5Z07
M'7%-I(6H$D5#<D.-IS@=ZE.3[4PQ;CFI&0QLJ#$:DGUJ[8*WGL6_N]*K-Y5N
M,MR?2I]-E\Z9V[ 8JZ7QH4OA-.BBBO1.<**** N3\3*/[0_[9C^9KK*Y+Q1

MQ?YUSD




MK7@;K]HD_P#0C5D;3TKG;IBFL7A!P?M$G_H1JW!?


MZJN7\5C]]$WI&?YUS8K^&;4?C/'/$=Q%;^(+@2-@MTP





X!ZH3Q['GK6[X?FG;4XDN(!&Y:)
=/](%KKM\PW-LY/ .-NTKSUS72ZK86QD-[<Q;Y8V





D



M[MS##$#KR.
C\*QKFZ\

Y[GBUZZ#6;Q2Z[_M$AVYY^\::DB'D.I^AI]]%&VL7C%%+?:)!G'/

UKD[9(
MXY#M4 MU-=O\/P/^$F'_ %[O_
5GC/\ =YW[%Y=;Z[3MW/2!$%-4/$5M]J\.
G';CK5/1+.T\-^)IMV]I'(WGVI0@-
#P%;/4CH.O






/E)]




'/O7/7=G#I]V/DE6VD7EA




MF-OD]!C/!P!W]*^TA4?*D?G4J$5)RZ_(MQ714%I)X#@9^7)P



M7WGVAB46K
?+;'F$D1=
;B1MW*1WR
MEUO7_ +#8MIXU2XN(C+=77FV6P2(I
/9(K.62UMO*E:66WXP 2R(Q3!#':=V1N) XXT;OPW
M9_8!;ON1+E0UVP/?J0
XY/M[55FT+2+^21Y80KW+R.QB8C.X;3DE/0]^
FB
MR)NKV


;










MM


*
^84QDL3CCH

23DXNV&








AP*L_V-8173HJ_O47@?;9<\
M\\Y[$XJ]:ZE -*EDDV^7)MPP&57C(/&


B!P


MXY\O'EZ2C =


MP^;^F*D:.&52LD993U!08_E4.M-._
RE'O'\3I[^6?47BN[2^-K+&F$^S2EE




M*HFY:'7/J^X%F;J








- 8%%%%:D!1110!__V0$!
end







begin 644 img05.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_X0 L17AI9@  34T *@    @  0$Q  (

$1@5&AD8%1@7&QXG(1L=)1T7&(N(B4H*2LL*QH@+S,O*C(G*BLJ
M_]L 0P$' @*0H4PL4*AP8'HJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ
M*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ_\  $0@ G #6 P$B  (1 0,1 ?_$
M !\   $% 0$! 0$!           ! @,$!08' D*__$ +40  (! P,! 
%

MA87&!D:)28G*DJ-#4V-S@Y.D-$149'2$E*4U155E=865IC9&5F9VAI:G-T

M @
1! 4A
08205$'87$3(C*!!1D:&QP0DC
U+P%6)RT0H6)#3A)?$7&!D:

MA(6&AXB)BI*3E)66EYB9FJ*CI*6FIZBIJK*SM+6VM[BYNL+#Q
7&Q\C)RM+3



MV.X_X6WX=S_J[[_OR/\ XJE'Q9\/MTBOC_VR7_XJO)YM+.[*GCMD54ELI4R5


MMW'_ 


MD?1*_&GPHW_/\/K;_P#UZOV'Q0\.ZDCM;-=80X.Z'']:^:UAN5ZPOTS]T]*Z


Y_6IH_B3H
B

=[9Q7
.?+


MY^JU(SE_$4B77B!4'RNT:*![FH8]$GE :-XV!;;D.


E6++D;BR\9K7\+W*2ZE=L
@.N0/^!42

M-Q&N$ X J5-




C[0#
MCG=_AFIOL=MY7FK!.(L[=^&*[L'CK]*[*M.\D[
^4;?
RY%J5MDF23+-&
Y#


M$
RQ1Q

MM2VE\MQ



FGB?4%O =YE/ED=0 '.!P

/I[5RSJW5K'=3P_*^:YRM_=RW5]/))(#O/(


:9(J7L+1%QN1L@JX]0PX(^E=OX01KKP;KUD.3L+*/<QG^JBJ^
MAVAUGX=7=M.I?[-<@VQSR=IVC/KN(_X%7CJC&45;=H]%U&F[]#F+2](PKM_

M[J%[^?4O

M+;1[2UPMG;(A]57FNGU#PRND:/IM^9V)O(]TD;#&QNOY8/Z5U6K6(U;1]5-E
P\.R7#I/:6IS<3#YE8#8#]<D8]Z




&MJ;2IO%?@7288&16B

M[6



M'ARY&LZ3K^HWFGA8[B'












F2


GA8W'R

$@XX]*EA&)(P/[PK-6.1F3&0
E@_



RBN\;HA
M7S&.2_0^F*T-.\
Z9#JT=H)86D

U





]RU7
?$B9[?X:Z]+$Q1ULG*L.QQ73UR?Q1./A;X@_Z\WIETOXD?4^2

7'GW-T






CZ63\+76WX]?N\SBO%^NR^*_!VC

\465J(=.OYI]\
MMJ''ERRQOQ)%Z[PO(_\ UGQV4UI#8]3/W&K6LSN/#\QE\.P8_ARF,8S@UHQ
M&.]U^3PZEHQFBMA-'/&OWFQRI/N?6L'P:[R:=+%&76;@*O/(KO;2_6VF%SI




%9XD<$R_.=A^\!ZU99YX




M R_../?IZU;\5RSOI[WNE31O$^Y6C92I (PP/YY%:'AT-_8MH8DROE$!3QD$
4?.9#GVYKHK/3HK6/<ZX2,8_SZUS
ML@9M2=W&TA)&.G-<V
U2

/;F=BY_;DJMC9&O/4DU


MX8#&3Z?E4SPM*


MH#R%7!EE8 *#QC%8\L4]KE\TGLSF-+C::\M%EF=6F 5I$X8 C!Z=.M7_  K/

5&T]-OU+HRYH:GT1IXQIML/^F*?

MS


YQ^.*\VT

T?Q=J.(H$^2V@//\


ZJST[3]&C%M80(A( PH^9C[GO6YI\#V\1DE
M(


A 4R5?\YI^VDN@G
M)LI^$[62VM[2Y3;

M






M6(EY\]HSZ;
UL0X XKW
Z5IW_/A:_P#?E?\ HFT'29/OZ;:G_MBO^%3]1EW
M#ZTNQXTGK^E/ S7K_P#PCFB_] NU_P_0H_X1W1_^@9:_P#?L4_J4NX?68]C

M/ZUAWMN;B
0]BML3_2M*R\(:ZDJM'I%\RDCG[.0!S]*^C!15K KK(EXI]B
M.W4BUB##! $'MQ3S&AZHI^HIU%=]CD(#96K'+6T)/O&*C;2[!_OV5L?K$O^
M%6Z*+(=V4/[#TO\ Z!UK_P!^A2C1=

M0H5#Q ,$1@5&AD8%1@7&QXG(1L=)1T7&(N(B4H*2LL*QH@+S
O*C(G*BLJ
M_]L 0P$' @*0H4PL4*AP8'HJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ
M*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ_\  $0@ I@$W P$B  (1 0
1 ?_$
M !\   $% 0$! 0$!           ! @
$!08' D*__$ +40  (! P


! 0$!
M 0$! 0$        ! @




M

M ZD#ZFD\Q/[R_G5+48/.*^PK)DLY%/ - '1[U_O+^=+O7^\/SKELR1'N/K5J

E4WNX3;F6(-.,E0(AN+$=J?J5Z;%XG*[D8X-8$?AO39+<.EY,D:AB<
MOM@@#MC&










MJ


2


-W!4BJ6FB.7VTD^61Z?J7C30=

EAT[X
MQSD8//!]#6:/BEX7-DER9KD!CM:
0$LA]QGOV(KR*YM[G1K'2;S5+.064T[3
MQ)+P'C!7Y3GIG!./0Y[U=\?^
#C!XSWXKQ?4M
M;=];UJ_M=Q$8V
Z_PEF &?3O^(H;'6FM&F?0MCXBT:_NA:6VJ6LUUCF)9!N)

Z\G_$UU&@W5
MIJFF)+9ZA#?X)#RQ2;N<]^!CZ8J8R;=K I)ZH-I^7</PJ[%.1UYJ
7%B;K[
M
+RW


M

#M73

CJ'_I7)ZCIT&M::^G7TL\4


;9/



M
Z&]C]KLN9)%F^9Y7_O9X^;L

M)('U'YT6

M5'ILA\7:BUS*ZHT-O(N9+?.3AGQ\QQCCG'(K'\&?#QK+69=?\1QJ+YY/-M[(




-W!
M(Y&/3I7+S^$_$OQ'U[39M?T4:!IED5
J

M[J+/HQVG]:UE




M1K%'&NU(T&%4#H /2LK7]






M\4Z)8^&?A[IUU]EAG



M9;3][+*?











MQ[52M[6+S%*SK+N.#@$8JZ;6)[=7\IL$=Y0
38QQT[<TU+
MN5&5MRK_ 






G\*FO=/CM8;EHG:3R) G*8!!'7.?7M



M(=W;J$U&VCN5'&^/Y&_+I_*MR+X@Z+

33
M5KW]256FCZ7T*YCO-$M;F [HI4WH2
G=7BBBK&%%%% ''?$<XT:U/_ $W_ /937GG6O2?'ZP_V+&]PKLL;E]J=




?
M3I7N.Z

M (3:#GKW)P/7KTKH+[1;*\:9KA'D$K;FC9SLR2I/'OL7/_US44?ANP:
HZ2'




M34;L
6DU

M@_Z^8)(S+I

/
!/[Q0
CMC!J:339';/VACQ_&#43:

MW%'^%'T1Z
?A04445J4%%%% '%_$R[CM-&M7EF2$&?&78#/RGUKQ&XLM&;6$

?YTU
M]8AI.-_-?Y&<L-?6E.YWEMI-EFU+6
 C!^7KR#_ $'YDU :3I&DW-WJPP




M7Q2P\FVMHR5
'0D9^4<C\<8KN^O5H[V81=ST[2OB;
MI5ZXCOO


M]PF=GED8YQTZ]?Y5R_BJ_&B6S9E58B^P1A
NV1V''3!K/;P]J#
D^I+/;V7F
M&/SX6W%5 .64'*HQZ=^!7.:EHMY;O(VGRW,EFDY3_3&&X'/RN!@A@
]..]
M91P5._.Y:=BG6G:R1T BEO/![V\#!C-
S(Q^4




MUZE3!U%%.#N=

FLF?1EWG8YRT9

XC@FBFDA*DR

7]IP2
L
3



49P![^U<SISA'F6[.A3BWRDWC


I;L 
9_




M0W%O.HWVMR0$!!^\OK_.N*\416#W

MTY/'X=36DIN( 9)+=M@&2R

TDK$$Y4M
M\N!P24//^Z



M/]P?UKS_ %'5KZUT7^S98_)=[@S2DC#$C&!CM79AZ+DU)F%6HHIHSX/+\N]M
_M7(ZS('E
M?R74'(8E6Q\V.<5C75[=Q+&OG J4!4[!Q[O7DKGFPJ.#NC8\3WF@W%S-)IE

[R2%I&+
3R36S


MN23&1FJVKL'FM)X@-VPJP7J/8_K1:7!\V

M\-A9.&;


-D9 8C('Y5S=EI21![MUQ&0 O'K79M
MI
]T1;V^_




MJ
-JC&6/')R:Z(S-W$VX[62ZA%Q$PC# !8G;(95X&??WI8BT+;)QL?\ N/W^

MH *T])\)76@_%K0[36K9DEGN(;E8QR I.[\2

9XP
MV+-&'W3CE\]\9P/Q]J]0UW1+/4HH)[B!6N;-_

MFB2:;(
7B8M3YNY]A_#X8




X?5%&6NK#6?%5QJG



MT\#=\S9X^;PIT^2

!!LP.A[UA

MSM_(5O:-\/?&LE]!+!X4UAL2 AC9NH'/J14S5XM&M&7)5C+LT=/
B2:;-YR(



K@-L()QS]*]S'P#\)(V89]4B] MR#

M?XU$B[9

ME273H3$?E



0


CB
MVD?

MNL(W+AAP:\^^%U[(VAW-F[!TLI0%8'^%QNQ^!S^==X]RBXSDY]!74GH7%\RN


MO&+_ -!KI*P/ EM/9^ -$MKR%X)XK.-)(Y%VLI Y!':M^NE;%1V04444QA11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
D !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 ?__9
end







begin 644 img07.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_X0 L17AI9@  34T *@    @  0$Q  (

$1@5&AD8%1@7&QXG(1L=)1T7&(N(B4H*2LL*QH@+S,O*C(G*BLJ
M_]L 0P$' @*0H4PL4*AP8'HJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ
M*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ_\  $0@ K ] P$B  (1 0
1 ?_$
M !\   $% 0$! 0$!           ! @
$!08' D*__$ +40  (! P


! 0$!
M 0$! 0$        ! @

FXXS48UT*;A<1[?7=7-^(3K)#<@1K@55613:^6O!S



M3EU.R8$K=1G'7YJX
$-@$?0^E.4A!L0=!P

_
?_?5
M']HV?_/S'_WU7%*Y49;@^E DP?7GI3]O+L'LD=I_:5EC/VF/_OJI8KNWG)$

0HHHH ***
,51:YM_)+ARNP')V'%<AJ.O2
M7DSLMT5@4_ND:/[ON?4UQU\3@KO=DSGRH[DR)






T--'RKR9_PN
M9_QJ+


M:0IQP


;:?!+QK
MD(P&

/?BIK6-]1NELDFC$K\@'@-


M1QTQZ5ZE*')&QZ








@'^J8_



;O[KX]Q^H-=J5S'%]365FF9LZ


A+!1M:+N


F/2_LMU;V]P\48ACG6XDC=E#

Y(S6KI&HC5='MKM5(\Y
L%&=IZ']:O2K)):RI;EH9F0A)-F=IQ

P/6

*NQPZFCJS7F<6GE%/*X
W.)/7TXI3;ZFVGB(W










- &W*FXXZCGC!XK6F^@.[U/2?V=M;9?$&K:?*1_I-NLJ]LE&Y_1C
M^5?1 <%83_MG^5?(_P )-=L] \=Q7^HM/]G%M*A6(RN25X^4<U]1:'JT7B#

%Y.3@]\'(^A
M]*]&U


012WY


G7H.:V)#%=




M]?K5O[/+Z _C6B4NI%TR)E5U*NJLIX(89!J@WA_1CJJZI_9=I_:)L6Y$(WJ
MN
E@,9/VGLV=)HEP4TN)
M)!\X4;P/7O\ I4YB6[N7D)_<K\S8^G3]*SK<3QHB #<O+YJ[&=F8TSL'W5_

M.7)/WF__ %TDRNC-L ;8-S8'?%$92MH)I7.8U#6-5T:^5(K@7ML\AM,N2.
MH)%7;7QE97#JEP# Q. P8



MMTMQ$]U$D4\*SIM)$IN'H(RVX@MC&.5 YZD#I[V/2O/^VSC[+

PY-<^=6O4N;=)9PC($6:






V9GF9A\H_=@]

MK@GDN5A
BQ\2[6X4^F?7G_.*]3^%EY'=27DD;-_J!PQ&1\XXKH'^#NE2(^;2
M8%GW[5O7 R3S_#6KX?\ AW:^&&FDTFV8/




M[.


KM3I




8F!&)8.
Y_O+_7%9O@K5+;2=3G35+^&U#*$





0
M832JJ

MJ9+J2#RF&SS[@'S

\Q^
=KKG



M:LD%I#$J[%CC50/0 8Q4PG4=#4B$U!-]L1U'M4^CSM/IZB1MTD9*
WKCH?RJ



D


O/%

_NS]3U'T-9U_
M
9[-9+9U










9W$8Q5GPUIWVZ\^V2%D\AE(']

@




end







begin 644 img08.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_X0 L17AI9@  34T *@    @  0$Q  (

$1@5&AD8%1@7&QXG(1L=)1T7&(N(B4H*2LL*QH@+S,O*C(G*BLJ
M_]L 0P$' @*0H4PL4*AP8'HJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ
M*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ_\  $0@!- (? P$B  (1 0,1 ?_$
M !\   $% 0$! 0$!           ! @,$!08' D*__$ +40  (! P,! 
%

MA87&!D:)28G*DJ-#4V-S@Y.D-$149'2$E*4U155E=865IC9&5F9VAI:G-T

M @
1! 4A
08205$'87$3(C*!!1D:&QP0DC
U+P%6)RT0H6)#3A)?$7&!D:

MA(6&AXB)BI*3E)66EYB9FJ*CI*6FIZBIJK*SM+6VM[BYNL+#Q
7&Q\C)RM+3

M!?
\1?\ /#3_ /OX_P#A4P?6=O
-KN[X8XI]]J\%A )IDE*8!)51QE@ #D]R

MZ'U/48?FDTB5U_Z9.K'/TS5F;5;6VF
=RYA.]44N



M'3)^E5[5+XDT!HT54@U2SN

U:G%JZ8$U%
GO63KTUU+C
M4MD=33'E2,9D=4'JQQ5+^S[B9<7-_*P(((C 3O\ YZYIPT:RW$O$9<9+L3S


Y.% ^I.*1[[5]X6
M+2A@_P ;3J



M(NE*]2

9[TL6K6$T+RI=1[8T\Q]S



M%9OG:I #YEM'.



;4X1C:D
MK?1
?SQ6#?:U8Z;*8[MW4B![AFQE512 2?Q851/B:)FV0V%U-)YS1)=N_L

M4P=X(YG61RIC+$AD)*XRO'?/M2:?=ZPRA-1TY(G$&XB/E6?/W=VXXXQV/KQT



MSD7&@:QXBUQ/%E\+=[._-M:C^TI8
Q[5/W1(!]YL9Q6S+8V6A3

M/]%O+@7$2C' *O\ 
!R#D





/\ /2J)L<Y9:QXAL+Z2\LK^\6:5MTDD




D#KT'T^E6;*XDO662YTT

'A*QO[/[1X0O3IUT&#-;2R$HV!C&3R._7.2:I1V^OZ=.

Z517@?2*



M5FT^U=MSP*S;_




;:

85 % )SQ]33JHZO=_8]-DD#
C'JRH6VD]\J48QV0

MV\O^D
$\P*I.&&1M. .



6&?8$8SCGV




M

MIU4I4X5%-1M;?_ACB_#_ (DU6ZM8SJ]K#%APINRQ17 ZMM//;TQG-=O#=0W4
M:RVDJR(1PR

T=_;Q_(VT_9Q


PCO)A!T?:44D$





XQ_%
MD$9^HS5;_A'(KU]2M-+MPLJVRRVOF2 2R




L]_I%SI3I*8UBN/O




M[!G ^

:T268?:/*&=XP6P!V)VX_&I$N






6I0;3ZHVAAJ

M4(FDLY5E1'*%EZ CM7CZ^&/%MY

MO9*UCS'Q?I5S'XA\0W[6K)97%A:1;&%=Q.,CZ@5KZQI=YKVKRRZ5'+;1PZ=
M-:F22/8)'8XC/)''7&/2NNOKVU*T:UO8Q+S*Q0DC)!!'3W JP.*Y:F'52

M3Q&&%(V\Z
H2P7!P#SP1UQ]*U:*NG15-W105F:S-Y$
;








+





T 1R@66




P7OG'0F
O04<MMBTDB%W6[



M=)MK6Y=V_P!:ZCY5& /+/&Y2
''/4G KDY5S*/0]BDDE*7:WD:WA#0-4U^\^
MU0K 8Y$$D=V'+)!D\J$R

^GK3_CRA_ZYK_*IJ@L


9=-PRC@X(/6NJKE_B5
M_P DVUS_ *]C_
4 ?..H^

J_

ME+5NYY





G1ZE:VNG6D,K3L%82WD@<#G)CL!S

J ?



M8B5'!:&


MG_
0MP?:!!_[+7J





M0W_Q-=/\

M
*;LGL I_^)J-/B[XPB/RZ[</_


MY@4_OG@CDQZL25Z^_I70^/?ECX#O+:TUSDDEN(C*ICN 0HSC^[ZYKD;\0B
M&=K4
L7EY0

M2*$5T\#8B=@1W64FKMGXGU+3IO


+R?4SX/B;




C^TIQGTLV-


5 ?B7XO/37;T?0?_ %JW)?@_J(V[

G^%8JKAK\NES3V5:USGO\ A9/C

&D_P#B:Y_Q9\+[_P (

VJBU9#_PM3QAL*MK
[ C!W(#G]*A


/&7+=7+4*K5^ARM[XHU'4+8V]VZ/&3G&W


KAES^(QCWK+$7]B['1AE!UH\^Q[=X+NI-2T&W(EA@




^6\L%-J]

M:Z\I[DWURJD9D.2V.. W _(8Q6OX5TF..ZCU;RT D%R//4%HB0=Z8[C'(;L
M?K7*\0IU4XO0ZJ=*$:$HM:GI,MK)]C:VGN+AP[#:[(I;C'R=,%2%/YFL?Q9J
M]AX2\.F_UF\NI,*(H8Y'R\KX. H4 9QW X SVKG[GX@2O=1_V=!:K:1@GRY%
M8R ]@Q)P/4CMZU2\4:GI?B2TTV[UWDM;JU9IT6-_O%AMW#OGCT[UUSQ-&.M

M();BZAV1@_*MD!M)]!YF/QZU1T:(:3X:N8=
N[DW371GF3R-Z294$@\':NW_



Z_
M3BJNM7VHZ=IULNE73/&-L1$ML/+A+



 )(0<\'<I. 1U]QP
52TCQ-J&-VI&*YF2%/.\F #:=QRV54


6D)OB
=Q^]F

MA!







[ A5EY/!Z8/M6JM;78J

MF9'



M-B:X!0JR.AR#GD8.1_6O/Q%:M'%1@OA

M0_:8[.9F8&\CBW!N


?<@[5^]MV@GG)XP 

\=N_3U
MJ_H7B&PU;POJ.LWL\5L=-8M/$\D;.0HSM7(7=GITZ]Z\Y5L8TTOR.!1J-;')


M-)'O$&N:;?DWUZ\MN[#:8E8XQZX'MBN$^
UP+SP!8V6B^9/]CN?
E**1LC$;




QI+MR#&.HZ
M9SD?A6L-8MM)L8[31_M;PR.WF2(J2
*^7E*


M'R[J7^SYU&[

M[


M1BW8\VLA_P 22S/_ $UE_P#9:ETY

M'?YFX_$U[SW/+/LZT_X\X?\ KFO\JEJ*U_X\X?\ KFO\JEH *YOXA_\ )/=8




MGUK2TS6/ -QI
4\\9#)MAF9RR_O=FYN-W3@\]

+


M\;HH%0L

MU^SH)U4

M'5O3%;?AY$T6%$F83M']V0)R?FR
Y/\ *O3+KPQH5I&&ET]?F.%57?+'(Z9/



MGKZUZ /!JPH[GQ#?\@DKB/YOKQ7$?$RS_LC3K6;SH+D[V+Q@
&4#C([?

M


#CC))P



MBY?18X](L8


Q_*I+J]U,V[27%VSQ[P K1[2&!SG.!Z#O79EB*E55)R6F_]6)K4:^%2IS:








9P 


MZJ$^L7/Y5G:X/^)E!C_G@_\ 

M)Q=XG1_\)WIQ

MZ



?*N(XMC1C&
J W'&!@DC@5!JGQ(O9IYS8VE
ML4E0C

M:E8Q:)I&DZ?'+;
[XL8FR=V
_

+R/3H9$MRL+31O


MR-(6)]OO?I76NES$[ZT^#=W#I]K!)=V[21VZPRNC$;L



AQW[%2.]8FL?!K4;VP@M
M[+4;:(K*TDGF%B&RJ@8POL?SKAO^%F^-BK
-8EPG#?NUXYQZ5&WQ0\:(P#ZS
M


27^IV]S/#(Y20$C:I50
M 


HV*-K
M



DC;Y@T+$C!*CN!Z5E:#DZ:./^6KC_ 


_F:J: 
:2?43./UKK.8^R+;_CTA_P!Q?Y5+
M45M_QZ0_[B_RJ6F 5R7Q../A[J&._EC_ 
?%=;7)?$X;O -Z/]N+_P!#6@#Y
MHUY/].L%_P!B7_T&N\\!WKV/@N[$
X225#'M'WE!D8;Q]

MMWIDNFZC=:?.)D/E0AOWC!6&25'( /ZUTMEI=O:7#3/9[&N9&1IFN=P8DX&
O/<UCZI\4;J.8KH

Z
11E5KRY%H=O!:VVC17$TC);P
M1Q[I)Y)2650



L==\36VOVU^R/':K;QJ4
M!




M0R55$4.S+84[\Y/!&!CL0:GN?%_BF+P_P*KB]N[:YN('=K2
Q*J)'%+MD*
ML


%Z]YYZ*C
P
EVNC:=J-E82.D.I(L<^YP3A22
M
G_  # \%&YMM<MK^&*%[)VDO0[J<C))P


M


MR!UXZ\G/IBJ.H^&-/LHM9F9GGCB+A]RD,0,BN_#8NG\#O=G-B\13K2CR-_,
MXF\+(@8=,#'YN^\4:58Q?#OPEJRRI#J-W;1VQ1YHE@D-@ Y@\_\  >^*
MYFY\.WURTBV
M0




^:
MHZG!X<M=+*6D$FI%I(T*B\D218U.1@L@')PS#/) /85+%=Z8+WAB#QRN@9P


V*SQ
 N'QTP.O0?3BN-^+
M^_7O5M::3;$R6\_GN@89*!&' ZDY(XK<M==LWFAB?0IMIBWB5+O<@&W/7;V
U)SA=TS#
M .<8&/Z5Z-X4U61=!T^_O%BN VV*6.24194C$9# ' &.XYSZUU5:O++[F
*

B7


LVB31&+^-[H[,XR&V]/\^]97B:Z07$362*B%9

_SX[C



M=&M


M8YUAY'SY:X^S01KR!.WZA*T=#7_B4RX[7$G\ZZ3XCZ)IV@^*M/@TBV2V@DC6
M1E0L06+$9Y/HH_*N?T53]AN4Z;;J7G\:TC)37
C-KE=C[!M?^/.'_KFO\JEJ


@=MQ52N6.&;.


VZ_-<0.JQX+,S9( /MBN?B\:74!8KS10,  ,/ZTX^/=5\PD1VPC(QL\
MLG]<YIOZC+65[F<L?)NZ-?0]6M)HTDTXZ9G(#6ZJ@^I+
3CZ 4SQA9R:M:6




5SQ(

MZS MXUVFDZ?'



LX55=8 %V'
M:
Y+'/;!P!7E6GZA.GQ&GU5@IG_M S@8PI;:YKK8KW3XM0NKTZ'9RS73
TGF
M
Y 9OO
HSP3GKUKJQ56G&
C2MANOR




7) ) Y^;CG)P*RM
OM0T61Y2A6


MEVDCVJ

MK?UKV%N8
Y'2$*V.G



MC?




MR..:L?#35-7UC6);F[1!I[0






+1H1A
M*FK7N6-%YLK(#O$O_H-
UZ/_ (GD/M82G_QY:FT1?]#T\CO$G_H-2:O'N\08



M4/%\ISG




6%QG/;[M54JN=*7H0J?).)ZBJPF$%-I!'!7
MO6C:M;1VL
3SQ))Y0;87 ;'/./3@_D:YV#5HRKDF
HH 5=V79^H&!QSVYY.*



;@1Q@=L#'IR3ZUUW.6P:ND*:BN[8#Y(../4\U!9Q(^I1[%S\K8_
M*HO$-]';ZU%#)*L;O;!E+$;1][J
@]JCTJ^6:^'F;0R19;RY

#R!MI5
M7!.[D8^N58?@?2JDMY+-%M%G
9%8X\N50PSG!R']?SJ);J);JV$$JW

MX8[B



M'O#T::C-$OD
#*4A+A?

5
)+20&/9&/L2;5<

RV5]Y
M;'+




M'XCWFE^+-+TNUTB&ZAN@)99Y2R* 3M(4E@

MC&S








M'U)S4DEMKIC(DCO&3OG)%4I9;RSC$4OVB%

E-_IUQBMEM/
MU:UAC0V]Q'%\L







OKB*6R8+(TT.J1





UO0=2GUR[N[5=
MZ2J$VDJ6 &




MBKJR
AS*P(FL[9]P
M.<Y=C6'NV\UD=


M:WUO93
0J27&
OV&]S_P!^6KIOA^S'
V47:NT'[IYY.,BJ7A+1K
2,^G&,5PUWX@UJ=9(A<1LL+Y4^R*
RM@YW@@[
'

:U!8Q31^9 US';N#N






-S 5+
. _LNT   8%
M=SXAFNK/0=.2UO[=/(@9GA^1GZ'G![9QCI7GWA+4&NO*@O;JXBECEQD;AD^Y



8YSFN?75)0V
M$M_
M(E)*M#E=V2002
YP0.

MI[YK
$(Y([N:;-RP99&[[#SC P:[:52522



*X




TK;E97;[V#G('L.!S6O;:KIVG0O%9B+3XMVYEB)4.




Q'-NC?
(?
M$F@VSK;V=R]R@'[Q'@8'=GK\PZ8QTK!257U'5Y$&U6T4J!V!B6NGSE)VET

MC_\ 0:O^(./$IYS_ 
D:UJ?V#Q+=J)6
M4%E9A_




MA3R!VK'VKU]XXY4TI-6.?\1S1?#WP;IPL5-T;.585=7\MG+ @L2/8D5Y=X#\

_UKR33SC2[OU\
MR/\ ]&K7='6
6SCEHVCZGT_4D2
03

?BY&D*RVLL849)QG\

8X^F?QK$M+/P\I N-.1P
D@3C)'/&2

MD@[L9P !G/UK7NM=UJSN7BE72\I&')!?C]:\N\76\MI\=-&_X1^8.+J)$\MG

MJA1A.34CHXGO?W5Q*RW:Y8K \ZM&S,22V#@MCKQA?2M739O$#0F&
6;K'N



M$LW2%RRG:Y(;)]=U01'_ $_6L_\ 03N?_0S6?K4U[)\0KG^TPJW*:DJ
J$$









W( /?GT-7'!8:24DG;U
$LL<83S&(/4M7,^--T1[C2;[1=


M$?ABPF\1 
]Q;0SZHT#1I&7


M]%_Y^S_W[:N/\4Z)8^'_ !I?Z=M9+6
+)#&[AF164-M8^HSC\
UJZ)H?AXZ^






M;F56$)Z2*:2O:2O;WOR7K+PA&=HW8)*CJ?Q%=AX=THF!]5NK7R&1F-N&D&]@






MY$&J-[':):R3/% FV










M
]SF-=?%YI9SC;:9S_P-J]5:?1=3U2[DN[U8F1E;8)!EAM!!QGI@@UEZ+\*$


MGB



GKC]*Y*_\Z-J.MT_MLK/<HL

.86VI%O&TKD$Y]\=.E9UOX<\.K&[O<.@3<
GGGIC&
]3BL
XD7RK<HTOEA0<G(7'S9' ]*ZS_A8?PS'2_L?;_1&

MTLWGVEP7=
\1N

M
7)+R0
2




%[-*PZTZS^-+?_(B

.IZ+X4TJWTVWEL6

$$XQUKE+#2H;;1(H[FQ
6NHMHMK]HOBT958SVC!#'+;03QD<8)!KBH/
M%WB*[A$MIH#3Q'@210R
I_$5T5Z&

-U/.?7C

95JLFV^IU


M!GJ?I6-3#8FK*
I6NO
ZZ.
Q%.G*
(Z




%X=3N



MNKF




=Z]DO-6
ML-


M#L


LJS9EEA8L=N!'QCG=\WUQR1Q






F 6.6 8
M \GG\:KWSX\P?].#_R&M;R,%N='HK%9+ ?[*?RJ]XEE_P)S$0?O:=(/_'U
MK*TF3%U8CV7^56?%
















MPI\%7





M&


M9W4*PK:)(4BA P=R@=6)'5L^G3BJ+1(^AQ:2XE-I%C8F\=CD9XYQZUZ2S'#I










M=\UTW]HWB+$9Y]






XQC]:N0K+%;QW


O#$4XQY9,\^EA6UOANP0'X!':N@L+
MBRN+I8YU<I@DB$+N_P#'N*WKKP!:7*\ZC.ISD'R5./UJ+X<VL4JM_:DS ')


L

MMVUP8@^$



M'FE6MG]EN_$'AV*%(PL


CA=L2[8RPVL1QU'*_UKI)


0&.
M/F)&
CM H&Q'4

M3:SI[


MHYWZ&\

3


C2X9D91N$8(;H3P?E*]3GVW].\?^


MN/\ BJ
_#75#_=5&_P#'UKL*Y3XGC/PQUSVM\_DPH ^3M;D+7%J?0/\ R%);

!






@60-&8\KNY9
9

*_\

ML!@X(Z_0]O2O'Q^/EAJJA*?5G31H1G%MGDW^K'65BA:0WXF+H  7\XY4_C

4[J['2P\:B=SQ2#Q'XON[Y+.W





1Q]K



5Y_XD?Q-:7

D&;.5SZ8KK(/!GC?Q3'+J

M^56]#Q5R)-26IX_'\+?BT5#+<V; C(/VM#G_QVLCQ/X<^)7@Z


MZ/PK\0[+0M+N;/3[6-HYYPTQ#L0N(U5\' YR#STKO_[0LHY+?4= M+:6VDMR





M9&
K@YJI2NB8H\L\M
9



M

MT_3(X6EMX3@.^SY


4U*Y\VW7PZ\2VG
MBAO#QTR2;45C$OEPD
I3^]NZ8[9/?BK\_P (?&5K%YEQI&%Z 9?R!KZ TY

MDNQ:/NPR#R1[#%==8:O::IID-_92

=4GT[R%(F^RR*
MPWJC




FCTZTE*+2E8ZO1=%N9[Y+JXD6V


M16%HWBV2YB53*&A9?F+Y0+@=


M5D:;XA\-S^






M-AE





+[34)


M95B;[W/)SUIVHP7






CCKSU-?-NHJ5DN0





M$C:C!+NN-SKYD32)'G&  3GMT! YZ=*QJQ?M(:?A^IZ&'?\ L\_\_P!#HM4:

MI ABM2WR@]



_L=8OI-.M99YI+)M@C7<0,@;L 'N*PD
MFE+0J/QQ/04TWQJ)$<189!O+HQ; ')):MW3&\91ZIO:Q

2*RD=C['

#_0

KM$[$E@?]I5&
8[D]

MGC(7 &T@Y'?KTI_CWQ1?OHUM_P (U'JGVCS\2WLG)[3R=R'C.*=2$F[6.&
M
XQ5WJ3)X=\+&VG
ECACCWR2UR5Y7MMY//2M9OAQI#1CRK.T#2
V#]G3 &
M..


C/0



K

M)EW?5JPJ4XU5RS5T.R:U/1/^%DZ7_%I5Z/\ MNO_ 
12#XG:'_SXW?\ X$)_
M\37GZM&3RZ?BPJ
O#DC*?I7-]2P_\HN2/8]%/Q
T(_\ +I=@^\J'^E-_X65H



9QFNE;XCZ(.@G/X#_&O-BL)&
)CZ


$\
M=ZT3\2=&_N7!_!?\:\V



M'1E'XU:P5!;1'R1['I
OQ4M&0A-$E0Y!!$^3P








M[ZR4?Q7*#\W%4!-M/RR ?C6OHOS:WIG.=US#GW^=::$?=*C:H'H
4M%%:DA7
M(?%@X^$_B'_KT/\ 




M2=KYO^_@_P :5_


H-NR)


MG]AOC_[ 4'16'_[ I?[%N/\ G^;_ +['^-(=&N/^?T_]]BB_F%O(0Z
V.@_[
MX%-.DOZ#_O@4O]D7/_/X?^^Q0=(N!UO3_P!]BG?SPG]E..P_P^!2_V4WH/
M^^!1_9-Q_P _I_[[%)_9-Q_S^-_WV*=_
5A?[+D_NC_O@4O]FR#^$?\ ? IO


WZHQH
 7_ (_5


_S?]]BB_F'




M?^_8I/[




ME_L?2^U['_W\--^SZ?^6\7Y'_D^QZ?\ EYC_ /'O\*D=AW]BZ=VO4_[^



M?\__F:BEL--=3MND5NW)IW8$6-L:J.=HQG/6MC58O*M=()SF2P5^O\ MN/Z
M5C#:L:JN%& 1WKI/%$?E6'AHX WZ-&W_D:6J)

 
2
U8_
MLK2#TO(?^^V_PJO%'I[L/[1E2
J


M!_W\'^-*+'3@?^/E?SIWV/3_ /GNOYFB[$
_LB ?\O8_[^?_ %Z@ELDM=S+
M)0RD !\XJR;/3N]PGYFJDMK:P2;K:99=P(P#TIB)8O\ 6'Z&GA5?Y'(4
I!8
M]NE
B&YVQV4FG+L(/G$,C#$]AWJ@1;72])C-[3CKN;_E_LG2CTO8_P#O

MD]KU?^^S2'2]+[7@_P^Z+A8:=%7_G^'_?T?XTG]CK_S_#_OZ/\ &G?V7IG_
M #^#_OND_LO3?^?L?]]T[BL)_8Z=[T?]_11_8\?_ #_?^111_9FG?\_8_P^




M


\.GJR_P#?NO=#^R[I9_YF2[_\!D_QII_9:TK_ *&6\_\  5/\
M:7('


M^ J?XT?\
LZ7_P!#-=_^ J?XTN1]PYEV/#/L_AWM*OY&F?9?#YZ3+GZ&O=?^


L:5G
M_D9;O_P%3_&CD8N9'@IM]%'64?D:3R-$[2C\C7O?_#+.E_\ 0S7?_@*G^-+_
M 

LZ7_T


LZ7_T
MUY_XI_C1_PRQI?_ $,]Y_XI_C1RL+GSX0JQH%^[C@^HKJ_&0VZ;X2(&0=

?\ @*G^--_X9:TO
M_H9KS_P%3_&ER!S'AN/#A_C _P &E\OPY_ST7_ODU[A_P 


M
M:7_T

M:9V\378_[=$_QHY'W#F78\(-GH6W/G

!4_P :3_AEC2O^AEN__ 5/\:.1]PYE
MV/!_LNA_\]U_6D^S:'_SV'ZU[S_PRQI7_0RW?_@*G^-'_#+&E?\ 0RW?_@*G


M+_Z&6[_\!4_QHY&'

LZ5_P!#+=_^ J?X
?^ J?XT#]EG3%;*^*+T'_KV3_&CE871X-IR^9<3 <XMY6_):C4+
MY9


L0_P :






M9;TP=/$]X/\ MU3_ !I/^&6]

NQX
;?0.TP_(TGD:#_S
H_(U[W_P ,M:3C_D9;S/\ U[)_C2?\,LZ7_P!#-=_^ J?X
MT<C%S(\$\K0STD'Y&D\O1!_RT'Y5[Y_PRSI?_0S7G_@*G^-'_#+6E_\ 0S7G
M_@*G^-/D8<QX'LT0?\M!^5)C1,_ZS_QVO??^&6M+_PAFO/_  %3_&G#]EO2
M/XO$E\?I;H*.45SY[F32B ;:3]X#P-O6K6B'/B+3.Q^V0\?]M!7OR?LN:-
M_B#46^D:#^E=UX


   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;a href=# id=notes title=notes/&gt;Note &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;1&lt;/em&gt; &#x2013; Nature of the Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b/&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Nature of the Business&lt;/b&gt; &#x2013; Freshpet, Inc. (hereafter referred to as &#x201c;Freshpet&#x201d;, the &#x201c;Company&#x201d;, we or our), a Delaware corporation, manufactures and markets natural fresh meals, and treats for dogs and cats. The Company&#x2019;s products are distributed throughout the United States and other international markets into major retail classes including Grocery (including online), Mass and Club, Pet Specialty, and Natural retail.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;/&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b/&gt;&lt;b&gt;Basis of Presentation &lt;/b&gt;&#x2013;&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt;The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. (&#x201c;U.S. GAAP&#x201d;). All amounts included in the consolidated financial statements have been rounded except where otherwise stated. As figures are rounded, numbers presented throughout this document &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/em&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; add up precisely to the totals we provide and percentages &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/em&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; precisely reflect the absolute figures.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b/&gt;&lt;b&gt;Principles of Consolidation&lt;/b&gt; &#x2013; The financial statements include the accounts of the Company as well as the Company&#x2019;s wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b/&gt;&lt;b&gt;Segments&lt;/b&gt; &#x2013; The Company operates as a single operating segment reporting to its chief operating decision maker.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b/&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Equity method investment&lt;/b&gt;&#160;- The Company utilizes the equity method to account for investments when the Company possesses the ability to exercise significant influence, but &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; control, over the operating and financial policies of the investee. The ability to exercise significant influence is presumed when an investor possesses more than &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;20%&lt;/em&gt; of the voting interests of the investee. This presumption &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/em&gt;be overcome based on specific facts and circumstances that demonstrate that the ability to exercise significant influence is restricted. The Company applies the equity method to investments in common stock and to other investments when such other investments possess substantially identical subordinated interests to common stock. The Company has elected to record its share of equity in income (losses) of equity method investment on a &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;one&lt;/em&gt;-quarter lag based on the most recently available financial statements.&#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;In applying the equity investment method, the Company records the investment at cost and subsequently increases or decreases the carrying amount of the investment by our proportionate share of the net income or loss.&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;/&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b/&gt;&lt;b&gt;Variable interest entities (VIEs) -&#160;&lt;/b&gt;In accordance with the applicable accounting guidance for the consolidation of variable interest entities, the Company analyzes its variable interests to determine if an entity in which it has a variable interest is a variable interest entity. The Company's analysis includes both quantitative and qualitative reviews to determine if we must consolidate a variable interest entity as its primary beneficiary.&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b/&gt;&lt;b&gt;Estimates and Uncertainties&lt;/b&gt; &#x2013; The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Estimates are used in determining, among other items, trade incentives, share-based compensation and useful lives for long-lived assets. Actual results, as determined at a later date, could differ from those estimates.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b/&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/b&gt; &#x2013; The Company at times considers money market funds and all other highly liquid debt instruments purchased with an original maturity of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;three&lt;/em&gt; months or less to be cash equivalents.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b/&gt;&lt;b&gt;Trade Account Receivable&lt;/b&gt; &#x2013; The allowance for doubtful accounts is based on the Company's assessment of the collectability of customer accounts. The Company regularly reviews the allowance by considering factors such as historical experience, credit quality, the age of the accounts receivable balances and current economic conditions that &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/em&gt;affect a customer's ability to pay.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b/&gt;&lt;b&gt;Restricted Stock Tax Withholdings&lt;/b&gt;&#160;&#x2013; To meet payroll tax withholdings obligations arising from the vesting of restricted share units, the Company withheld 32,611 shares totaling $2.6 million in &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020,&lt;/em&gt; 32,096 shares totaling $1.3 million in &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2019,&lt;/em&gt; and 14,169 shares totaling $0.3 million in &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2018.&lt;/em&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;


   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;/&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b/&gt;&lt;b&gt;Inventories&lt;/b&gt; &#x2013; Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market, using the &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;first&lt;/em&gt;-in, &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;first&lt;/em&gt;-out method. When necessary, the Company provides allowances to adjust the carrying value of its inventories to the lower of cost or net realizable value, including any costs to sell or dispose and consideration for obsolescence, excessive inventory levels, product deterioration and other factors in evaluating net realizable value.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b/&gt;&lt;b&gt;Property, Plant and Equipment&lt;/b&gt; &#x2013; Property, plant and equipment are recorded at cost. The Company provides for depreciation on the straight-line method by charges to income at rates based upon estimated recovery periods of 7 years for furniture and office equipment, 5 years for automotive equipment, 9 years for refrigeration equipment, 5 to 10 years for machinery and equipment, and 15 to 39 years for building and improvements. Capitalized cost includes the costs incurred to bring the property, plant and equipment to the condition and location necessary for its intended use, which includes any necessary delivery, electrical and installation cost for equipment. Maintenance and repairs that do &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; extend the useful life of the assets over &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;two&lt;/em&gt; years are charged to expense as incurred. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the term of the related lease or the estimated useful lives on the straight-line method.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b/&gt;&lt;b&gt;Long-Lived Assets&lt;/b&gt; &#x2013; The Company evaluates all long-lived assets for impairment. Long-lived assets are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/em&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to estimated undiscounted future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated undiscounted future net cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. Recoverability of assets held for sale is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset or asset group to their fair value less estimated costs to sell. Estimating future cash flows and calculating fair value of assets requires significant estimates and assumptions by management. If the carrying amount is &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; fully recoverable, an impairment loss is recognized to reduce the carry amount to fair value and is charged to expense in the period of impairment.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b/&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income Taxes &lt;/b&gt;&#x2013; The Company provides for deferred income taxes for temporary differences between financial and income tax reporting, principally net operating loss carryforwards, depreciation, and share-based compensation. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;A valuation allowance is appropriate when management believes it is more likely than &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not,&lt;/em&gt; the deferred tax asset will &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; be realized. At &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2020&lt;/em&gt;, and &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/em&gt;, the Company determined that full valuation of its net deferred tax assets and liabilities&#160;is appropriate.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;/&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b/&gt;&lt;b&gt;Treasury Stock&lt;/b&gt;&#160;&#x2013; The Company &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/em&gt;purchase or withhold shares of stock to satisfy statutory employee tax obligations upon the issuance of restricted stock units to employees. Such repurchased or withheld shares are treated as treasury stock and carried at cost on the Consolidated Balance Sheet in Stockholders&#x2019; equity. As of&#160;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2020, &lt;/em&gt;the Company had $0.3 million of treasury stock related to employee tax withholdings.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b/&gt;&lt;b&gt;Share-based Compensation&lt;/b&gt; &#x2013; The Company recognizes share-based compensation based on the value of the portion of share-based payment awards that is ultimately expected to vest during the period. The Company estimates grant date fair value of its options using the Black-Scholes Merton option-pricing model. Share awards are amortized under the straight-line method over the requisite service period of the entire award. The Company accounts for forfeitures as they occur.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b/&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b/&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/b&gt; &#x2013; Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#x201c;FASB&#x201d;) guidance specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based on whether the inputs to those valuation techniques are observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect market assumptions. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;1&lt;/em&gt; measurement) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;3&lt;/em&gt; measurement).&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;/&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;The &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;three&lt;/em&gt; levels of the fair value hierarchy are as follows:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 27pt; font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9pt; font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#x25cf;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Level &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;1&lt;/em&gt; &#x2013; Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity has the ability to access at the measurement date. Level &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;1&lt;/em&gt; primarily consists of financial instruments whose value is based on quoted market prices such as exchange-traded instruments and listed equities.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt; &lt;p style=margin: 0pt; font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 27pt; font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9pt; font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#x25cf;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Level &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2&lt;/em&gt; &#x2013; Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;1&lt;/em&gt; that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly (e.g., quoted prices of similar assets or liabilities in active markets, or quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; active). Level &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2&lt;/em&gt; includes financial instruments that are valued using models or other valuation methodologies.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt; &lt;p style=margin: 0pt; font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; text-indent: 0px; font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 27pt; font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9pt; font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#x25cf;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Level &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;3&lt;/em&gt; &#x2013; Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. Financial instruments are considered Level &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;3&lt;/em&gt; when their fair values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flows or similar techniques and at least &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;one&lt;/em&gt; significant model assumption or input is unobservable.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;The carrying amounts reported in the balance sheets for cash and cash equivalents, other receivables, accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate their fair value based on the short-term maturity of these instruments. Certain assets, including the equity method investment, right-of-use assets and property and equipment are also subject to measurement at fair value&#160;on a non-recurring basis if they are deemed to be impaired as a result of an impairment review.&#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;As of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2020&lt;/em&gt;, the Company only maintained Level &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;1&lt;/em&gt; assets and liabilities.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;/&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b/&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Debt Issuance Cost&lt;/b&gt;&#160;- During the &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;first&lt;/em&gt; quarter of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020,&lt;/em&gt; the Company paid the outstanding balance of the Delayed Draw Term Loan associated with the Fourth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement and wrote down $0.6 million of the related fees to interest expense.&#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;During the &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;second&lt;/em&gt; quarter of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020,&lt;/em&gt; as part of the Fifth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (as amended, the &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/em&gt;&#160;Loan Agreement), the Company incurred an additional $0.8 million of fees associated with the debt modification, of which $0.6 million of the fees were related to the delayed draw term loan with the remaining balance relating to the revolving loan facility. The Company's policy is to record the debt issuance cost related to the delayed draw term loan, net of debt, for the portion of the delayed draw term loan that is outstanding, with the remaining amount recorded within assets. As of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2020, &lt;/em&gt;there was $0.9 million of debt issuance cost that were recorded to other assets and less than $0.3 million was recorded to other current assets.&#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;The Company amortizes debt issuance costs categorized as assets on a straight-line basis over the term of the loan and amortizes the debt issuance costs that are categorized net of debt using the effective interest method, over the term of the loan.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;/&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b/&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenue Recognition and Incentives &lt;/b&gt;&#x2013; Revenues primarily consist of the sale of pet food products that are sold to retailers through broker and distributor arrangements. These revenue contracts generally have single performance obligations. Revenue, which includes shipping and handling charges billed to the customer, is reported net of applicable trade incentives and allowances. Amounts billed and due from our customers are classified as receivables and require payment on a short-term basis and, therefore, we do &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; have any significant financing components.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;Revenue from product sales is recognized when obligations under the terms of the contract with the customer are satisfied, which occurs once control is transferred upon delivery to the customer. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for transferring goods.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;The amount of consideration the Company receives and revenue the Company recognizes varies with changes in trade incentives the Company offers to its customers and their consumers.&#160;Trade incentives consists primarily of customer pricing allowances and merchandising funds, and consumer coupons are offered through various programs to customers and consumers. Estimates of trade promotion expense and coupon redemption costs are based upon programs offered, timing of those offers, estimated redemption/usage rates from historical performance, management&#x2019;s experience and current economic trends.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;/&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;Sales taxes and other similar taxes are excluded from revenue.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;There were no contract assets as of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2020 &lt;/em&gt;and &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/em&gt;.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;Information about the Company&#x2019;s net sales by class of retailer is as follows:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

     &lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; text-indent: 0px; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Twelve Months Ended&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;December 31,&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;(Dollars in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2018&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 55%;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Grocery (including Online), Mass and Club&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;272,008&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;206,550&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;158,506&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Pet Specialty and Natural&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;46,782&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;39,312&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;34,731&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Net Sales&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;318,790&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;245,862&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;193,237&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
&lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenue Recognition and Incentives &lt;/b&gt;&#x2013; Revenues primarily consist of the sale of pet food products that are sold to retailers through broker and distributor arrangements. These revenue contracts generally have single performance obligations. Revenue, which includes shipping and handling charges billed to the customer, is reported net of applicable trade incentives and allowances. Amounts billed and due from our customers are classified as receivables and require payment on a short-term basis and, therefore, we do &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; have any significant financing components.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;Revenue from product sales is recognized when obligations under the terms of the contract with the customer are satisfied, which occurs once control is transferred upon delivery to the customer. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for transferring goods.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;The amount of consideration the Company receives and revenue the Company recognizes varies with changes in trade incentives the Company offers to its customers and their consumers.&#160;Trade incentives consists primarily of customer pricing allowances and merchandising funds, and consumer coupons are offered through various programs to customers and consumers. Estimates of trade promotion expense and coupon redemption costs are based upon programs offered, timing of those offers, estimated redemption/usage rates from historical performance, management&#x2019;s experience and current economic trends.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;/&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;Sales taxes and other similar taxes are excluded from revenue.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;There were no contract assets as of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2020 &lt;/em&gt;and &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/em&gt;.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;Information about the Company&#x2019;s net sales by class of retailer is as follows:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

     &lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; text-indent: 0px; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Twelve Months Ended&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;December 31,&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;(Dollars in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2018&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 55%;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Grocery (including Online), Mass and Club&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;272,008&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;206,550&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;158,506&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Pet Specialty and Natural&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;46,782&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;39,312&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;34,731&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Net Sales&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;318,790&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;245,862&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;193,237&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

     &lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; text-indent: 0px; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Twelve Months Ended&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;December 31,&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;(Dollars in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2018&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 55%;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Grocery (including Online), Mass and Club&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;272,008&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;206,550&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;158,506&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Pet Specialty and Natural&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;46,782&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;39,312&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;34,731&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Net Sales&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;318,790&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;245,862&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;193,237&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;3&lt;/em&gt; &#x2013; Inventories: &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;Inventories are summarized as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

    &lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; text-indent: 0px; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;December 31,&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;December 31,&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 rowspan=1 style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; text-align: center;&gt;(Dollars in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 70%;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Raw Materials and Work in Process&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;9,347&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;4,453&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Packaging Components Material&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;1,872&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;1,419&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Finished Goods&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;8,365&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;6,842&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;19,584&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;12,715&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Reserve for Obsolete Inventory&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;(465&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;(173&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;)&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;19,119&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;12,542&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

    &lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; text-indent: 0px; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;December 31,&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;December 31,&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 rowspan=1 style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; text-align: center;&gt;(Dollars in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 70%;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Raw Materials and Work in Process&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;9,347&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;4,453&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Packaging Components Material&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;1,872&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;1,419&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Finished Goods&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;8,365&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;6,842&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;19,584&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;12,715&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Reserve for Obsolete Inventory&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;(465&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;(173&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;)&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;19,119&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;12,542&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;4&lt;/em&gt; &#x2013; Property, Plant and Equipment: &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

    &lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; text-indent: 0px; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;December 31,&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;December 31,&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 rowspan=1 style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; text-align: center;&gt;(Dollars in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 70%;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Refrigeration Equipment&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;107,703&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;97,568&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Machinery and Equipment&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;106,176&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;54,274&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Building, Land, and Improvements&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;101,786&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;25,621&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Furniture and Office Equipment&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;5,687&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;4,932&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Leasehold Improvements&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;1,301&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;395&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Automotive Equipment&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;160&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;309&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Construction in Progress&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;44,497&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;58,587&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;367,310&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;241,687&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Less: Accumulated Depreciation&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;(86,237&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;(76,400&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;)&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;281,073&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;165,288&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;

   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;Depreciation and amortization expense related to property, plant and equipment totaled approximately $20.8 million, $15.6 million, and $13.8 million,&#160;for the years ended &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2020, &lt;/em&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/em&gt; and &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2018&lt;/em&gt;, respectively; of which $9.6 million, $6.4 million, and $6.1 million&#160;was recorded in cost of goods sold for &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/em&gt;,&#160;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/em&gt; and &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2018&lt;/em&gt;, respectively; with the remainder of depreciation and amortization expense being recorded to selling, general and administrative expense.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;/&gt;&lt;p style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

    &lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; text-indent: 0px; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;December 31,&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;December 31,&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 rowspan=1 style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; text-align: center;&gt;(Dollars in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 70%;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Refrigeration Equipment&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;107,703&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;97,568&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Machinery and Equipment&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;106,176&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;54,274&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Building, Land, and Improvements&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;101,786&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;25,621&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Furniture and Office Equipment&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;5,687&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;4,932&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Leasehold Improvements&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;1,301&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;395&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Automotive Equipment&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;160&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;309&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Construction in Progress&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;44,497&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;58,587&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;367,310&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;241,687&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Less: Accumulated Depreciation&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;(86,237&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;(76,400&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;)&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;281,073&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;165,288&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;6&lt;/em&gt;&#160;&#x2013; Income Taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;A summary of income taxes as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

    &lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; text-indent: 0px; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Year Ended December 31,&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2018&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;Current:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 rowspan=1 style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;(Dollars in thousands)&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Federal&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;State&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;65&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;144&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;77&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;International&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;65&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;144&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;77&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;

   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt 7.2pt; text-align: left;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;The provisions for income taxes do &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; bear a normal relationship to loss before income taxes primarily as a result of the valuation allowance on deferred tax assets.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: left;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;The reconciliation of the statutory federal income tax rate to the Company&#x2019;s effective tax is presented below:&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

    &lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; text-indent: 0px; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Year Ended December 31,&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2018&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 55%;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Tax at federal statutory rate&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;21.0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;21.0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;21.0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;State taxes, net of federal&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;39.2&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;36.6&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(1.2&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Permanent items&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;284.4&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;312.2&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(2.4&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Other&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;5.6&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;5.6&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;State rate change&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;0.2&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(24&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;15.8&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;(352.5&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;%)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;(362.7&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;%)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;(34.5&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Effective tax rate&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;(2.1&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;%)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;(11.6&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;%)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;(1.5&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;%)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;

   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;In assessing the realizability of the net deferred tax assets, the Company considers all relevant positive and negative evidence to determine whether it is more likely than &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; that some portion or all of the deferred income tax assets will &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; be realized. The realization of the gross deferred tax assets is dependent on several factors, including the generation of sufficient taxable income prior to the expiration of the net operating loss carryforwards. The Company believes that it is more likely than &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; that the Company&#x2019;s deferred income tax assets will &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; be realized. The Company has experienced taxable losses from inception. As such, there is a full valuation allowance against the net deferred tax assets as of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2020, &lt;/em&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/em&gt; and &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2018.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;/&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

    &lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; text-indent: 0px; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Year Ended December 31,&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2018&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;(Dollars in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 55%;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Net operating loss&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;60,268&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;49,626&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;45,831&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Stock option expense&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;6,454&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;5,063&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;1,155&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Property and equipment&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(11,941&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(10,372&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(9,688&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Other&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;1,194&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;966&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;552&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Less: Valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;(55,975&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;(45,283&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;(37,850&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Net deferred income tax assets&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

    &lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; text-indent: 0px; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Year Ended December 31,&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2018&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;Current:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 rowspan=1 style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;(Dollars in thousands)&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Federal&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;State&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;65&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;144&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;77&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;International&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;65&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;144&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;77&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

    &lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; text-indent: 0px; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Year Ended December 31,&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2018&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 55%;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Tax at federal statutory rate&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;21.0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;21.0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;21.0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;State taxes, net of federal&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;39.2&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;36.6&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(1.2&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Permanent items&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;284.4&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;312.2&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(2.4&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Other&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;5.6&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;5.6&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;State rate change&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;0.2&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(24&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;15.8&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;(352.5&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;%)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;(362.7&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;%)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;(34.5&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Effective tax rate&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;(2.1&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;%)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;(11.6&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;%)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;(1.5&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

    &lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; text-indent: 0px; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Year Ended December 31,&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2018&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;(Dollars in thousands)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 55%;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Net operating loss&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;60,268&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;49,626&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;45,831&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Stock option expense&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;6,454&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;5,063&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;1,155&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Property and equipment&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(11,941&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(10,372&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(9,688&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Other&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;1,194&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;966&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;552&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Less: Valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;(55,975&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;(45,283&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;(37,850&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Net deferred income tax assets&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;7&lt;/em&gt;&#160;&#x2013; Accrued Expenses:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

    &lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; text-indent: 0px; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 rowspan=1 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(Dollars in thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr class=GFJY4-DFU-com-rdg-thunderdome-client-resources-CssResource-html-lineItem-v2v-addition style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 70%;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Legal Contingency&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;10,100&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Accrued Compensation and Employee Related Costs&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;8,185&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;6,391&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Accrued Chiller Cost&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;2,049&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;1,576&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Accrued Customer Consideration&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;502&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;635&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Accrued Freight&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;1,002&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;703&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Accrued Production Expenses&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;705&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;414&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Accrued Marketing&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;684&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;1,188&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;Accrued IT/Systems&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;805&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Other Accrued Expenses&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;1,439&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;1,127&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;15,371&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;22,133&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

    &lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; text-indent: 0px; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 rowspan=1 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(Dollars in thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr class=GFJY4-DFU-com-rdg-thunderdome-client-resources-CssResource-html-lineItem-v2v-addition style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 70%;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Legal Contingency&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;10,100&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Accrued Compensation and Employee Related Costs&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;8,185&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;6,391&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Accrued Chiller Cost&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;2,049&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;1,576&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Accrued Customer Consideration&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;502&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;635&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Accrued Freight&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;1,002&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;703&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Accrued Production Expenses&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;705&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;414&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Accrued Marketing&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;684&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;1,188&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;Accrued IT/Systems&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;805&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Other Accrued Expenses&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;1,439&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;1,127&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;15,371&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;22,133&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;8&lt;/em&gt;&#160;&#x2013; Debt:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;On &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; April 17, 2020, &lt;/em&gt;the Company entered into the &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/em&gt;&#160;Loan Agreement, which amended and restated in full the Company's Fourth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; May 15, 2019. &lt;/em&gt;The &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/em&gt;&#160;Loan Agreement provided&#160;for a $165.0 million senior secured credit facility (the Credit Facility), encompassing a $130.0 million delayed draw term loan facility (the Delayed Draw Facility) and a $35.0 million revolving loan facility (the Revolving Loan Facility), which replaced&#160;the Company's prior $55.0 million delayed draw term loan facility and $35.0 million revolving loan facility.&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;The Credit Facility had a maturity date of&#160;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; April 17, 2025 &lt;/em&gt;and borrowings thereunder bored interest at variable rates depending on the Company's election, either at a base rate or at LIBOR,&#160;in each case, plus an applicable margin. Subject to the Company's leverage ratio, the applicable margin varied&#160;between 0.50% and 1.00% for base rate loans and 1.50% and 2.00% for LIBOR loans.&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;Borrowings under the Credit Facility were&#160;secured by substantially all of the Company's and certain of its subsidiaries' assets.&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;During the &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;first&lt;/em&gt; quarter of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020,&lt;/em&gt; the Company borrowed an additional $20.9 million under the Credit Facility, which consisted of $13.9 million related to Delayed Draw Term Loans, net of unamortized debt issuance cost of less than $0.1 million, and $7.0 million related to the Revolving Loan Facility, bringing the total outstanding debt to $76.0 million. Subsequent to the additional borrowings, the Company paid down the total outstanding debt on its Credit Facility of $76.0 million during the &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;second&lt;/em&gt; quarter of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020.&lt;/em&gt; As a result, the Company had no debt outstanding under the Credit Facility as of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2020.&#160;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;Net borrowings under our credit facilities totaled $54.5 million at &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2019, &lt;/em&gt;of which $40.5 million net of unamortized debt issuance cost of $0.6 million, related to the Draw Term Loans and $14.0 million related to the Revolving Loan Facility.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;In connection with entering into the Credit Facility, the Company incurred $0.8 million of debt issuance cost which is capitalized on the balance sheet and amortized over the life of the Credit Facility. As of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2020, &lt;/em&gt;there was $1.2&#160;million of the remaining debt issuance cost from the Credit Facility as well as fees incurred from the prior credit facilities.&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;Interest expense and fees totaled $1.2 million, $1.0&#160;million and $0.2&#160;million for the years ended &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2020, &lt;/em&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/em&gt; and &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2018&lt;/em&gt;, respectively. There was $0.1&#160;million accrued interest on the credit facilities as of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2020&lt;/em&gt;, $0.3 million of accrued interest on the credit facilities as of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2019, &lt;/em&gt;and less than $0.1 million of accrued interest on the credit facilities as of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31,&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2018.&lt;/em&gt; See Note &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;16,&lt;/em&gt; Subsequent Events, for additional information on our new credit facility that was executed on &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; February 19, 2020.&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;9&lt;/em&gt;&#160;&#x2013; Commitments and Contingencies&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Commitments &lt;/b&gt;&#x2013; The Company&#x2019;s obligations include leases for office space under non-cancelable operating leases, manufacturing processing and utility servicing that expire at various dates through &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; April 1, 2027.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Leases:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;We have various noncancellable lease agreements for office and warehouse space, as well as office equipment, with original remaining lease terms of &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:c69268284&gt;two&lt;/span&gt; years to &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:c69268285&gt;nine&lt;/span&gt; years, some of which include an option to extend the lease term for up to &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:c69268286&gt;five&lt;/span&gt; years. Because the Company is &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; reasonably certain to exercise these renewal options, the options are &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; considered in determining the lease term and associated potential option payments are excluded from lease payments. The Company&#x2019;s leases generally do &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; include termination options for either party to the lease or restrictive financial or other covenants.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years) and discount rate related to operating leases were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:center;margin:0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31,&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0

 238

 255

 Helvetica
 sans-serif; text-indent: 0px; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; font-variant: normal; text-align: center; margin: 0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Twelve Months Ended December 31,&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; font-variant: normal; text-align: center; margin: 0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; font-variant: normal; text-align: center; margin: 0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; font-variant: normal; text-align: center; margin: 0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;b&gt;(Dollars in thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 70%;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; font-variant: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Operating lease cost&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;1,796&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;1,606&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;

   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;Supplemental cash flow information and non-cash activity relating to operating leases are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

    &lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; text-indent: 0px; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; font-variant: normal; text-align: center; margin: 0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;For the Twelve Months Ended December 31,&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; font-variant: normal; text-align: center; margin: 0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; font-variant: normal; text-align: center; margin: 0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 70%;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; font-variant: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Operating cash flow information:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; font-variant: normal; text-align: center; margin: 0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;(Dollars in thousands)&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; font-variant: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;1,707&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;1,425&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; font-variant: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;18&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;724&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;

   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;As of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2020&lt;/em&gt;, future minimum payments due under lease obligations for &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;five&lt;/em&gt; years were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

    &lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; text-indent: 0px; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;Operating Lease Obligations&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;December 31, 2020&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(Dollars in thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;2021&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;1,760&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;2022&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;1,768&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;2023&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;1,802&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;2024&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;1,511&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;2025 and beyond&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;2,786&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Total lease payments&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;9,627&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Less: Imputed interest&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;(1,231&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Present value of lease liabilities&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;8,396&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;

   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;


   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;/&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;Rent expense for operating leases, in accordance with the leasing standard was $0.7 million in &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2018.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;As of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2020&lt;/em&gt;, future minimum payments due under manufacturing and service obligations for &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;five&lt;/em&gt; years were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

    &lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; text-indent: 0px; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 85%;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Manufacturing and Servicing Obligations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;December 31, 2020&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;b&gt;(Dollars in thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;2021&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;4,862&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;2022&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;3,106&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;2023&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;3,213&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;2024&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;4,783&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;2025 and beyond&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;712&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;Total Manufacturing and Servicing Obligations&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;16,676&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;

   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt 7.2pt; text-align: left;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: left;&gt;Certain of the Company&#x2019;s executives are covered by employment contracts requiring the Company to pay severance in the event of certain terminations.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: left;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Legal Obligations:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: left;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: left;&gt;A shareholder derivative lawsuit, Meldon v. Freshpet, Inc. et al, Docket &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;No.&lt;/em&gt; &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2:18&lt;/em&gt;-cv-&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;10166,&lt;/em&gt; was instituted &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; June 5, 2018 &lt;/em&gt;in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey against us and certain of our current and former executive officers and directors on behalf of certain holders of our common stock. We were served with a copy of the complaint in &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; June 2018. &lt;/em&gt;The plaintiffs sought&#160;to recover damages for investors based on state law claims (alleged breaches of fiduciary duty, waste, and unjust enrichment) in connection with the alleged violations of federal securities laws alleged in the Curran action. On &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; April 3, 2019, &lt;/em&gt;the Court granted a stay of the Meldon case pending resolution of certain matters in a related case, Curran v. Freshpet, Inc., which has been settled. The parties to the Meldon action then entered into settlement discussions, after which the parties reached an agreement in principle to settle the case based on the Company's commitment to continue certain governance practices. The parties also reached agreement on attorneys' fees. The settlement was approved and certified on &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; August 4, 2020.&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: left;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: left;&gt;In addition, we are currently involved in various claims and legal actions that arise in the ordinary course of our business, including claims resulting from employment related matters. &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;None&lt;/em&gt; of these claims or proceedings, most of which are covered by insurance, are expected to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. However, a significant increase in the number of these claims or an increase in amounts owing under successful claims could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;/&gt;

   &lt;p style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:center;margin:0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31,&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0

 238

 255

    &lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; text-indent: 0px; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; font-variant: normal; text-align: center; margin: 0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Twelve Months Ended December 31,&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; font-variant: normal; text-align: center; margin: 0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; font-variant: normal; text-align: center; margin: 0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; font-variant: normal; text-align: center; margin: 0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;b&gt;(Dollars in thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 70%;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; font-variant: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Operating lease cost&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;1,796&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;1,606&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

    &lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; text-indent: 0px; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; font-variant: normal; text-align: center; margin: 0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;For the Twelve Months Ended December 31,&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; font-variant: normal; text-align: center; margin: 0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; font-variant: normal; text-align: center; margin: 0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 70%;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; font-variant: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Operating cash flow information:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; font-variant: normal; text-align: center; margin: 0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;(Dollars in thousands)&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; font-variant: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;1,707&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;1,425&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; font-variant: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;18&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;724&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

    &lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; text-indent: 0px; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;Operating Lease Obligations&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;December 31, 2020&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(Dollars in thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;2021&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;1,760&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;2022&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;1,768&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;2023&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;1,802&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;2024&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;1,511&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;2025 and beyond&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;2,786&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Total lease payments&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;9,627&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Less: Imputed interest&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;(1,231&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Present value of lease liabilities&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;8,396&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

    &lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; text-indent: 0px; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 85%;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Manufacturing and Servicing Obligations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;December 31, 2020&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;b&gt;(Dollars in thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;2021&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;4,862&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;2022&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;3,106&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;2023&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;3,213&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;2024&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;4,783&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;2025 and beyond&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;712&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;Total Manufacturing and Servicing Obligations&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;16,676&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;10&lt;/em&gt;&#160;&#x2013; Equity Incentive Plans and Equity:&#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;Total compensation cost for share-based payments recognized for the years ended&#160;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2020, &lt;/em&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2019,&lt;/em&gt; and &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2018&lt;/em&gt; was approximately $10.9&#160;million, $7.8 million, and $6.8 million, respectively. Cost of goods sold for the years ended &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2020, &lt;/em&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2019,&lt;/em&gt; and &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2018&lt;/em&gt; included share-based compensation of approximately $2.1&#160;million, $0.9 million, and $0.9 million, respectively. Selling, general, and administrative expense for the year ended &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2020, &lt;/em&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2019,&lt;/em&gt; and &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2018&lt;/em&gt; included share-based compensation of approximately $8.8&#160;million, $6.9 million, and $5.9 million, respectively. Capital expenditures recorded for the Freshpet Kitchens expansion project included share-based compensation of approximately $0.2 million and $0.2 million&#160;during the years ended &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2020 &lt;/em&gt;and &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/em&gt;, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;i&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2010&lt;/em&gt; Stock Plan&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&#x2014;In &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 2010, &lt;/em&gt;the Company approved the &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2010&lt;/em&gt; Stock Plan (the &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#x201c;2010&lt;/em&gt; Plan&#x201d;) under which options to purchase approximately 2,146,320 shares of the Company&#x2019;s common stock were granted to employees and affiliates of the Company (in &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2012,&lt;/em&gt; the &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2010&lt;/em&gt; Plan was amended to allow for option to purchase approximately 2,220,280 shares of the Company&#x2019;s common stock). These options are either time-based (vest over &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:c69268361&gt;four&lt;/span&gt; years), performance-based (vest when performance targets are met, as defined in the stock option grant agreement), or vest at the occurrence of an exit event which is defined as a Change of Control in the Company, as defined in the stock grant agreement. &#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;The options granted have maximum contractual terms of &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:c69268362&gt;10&lt;/span&gt; years. The Board of Directors froze the &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2010&lt;/em&gt; Stock Plan such that &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;no&lt;/em&gt; further grants &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/em&gt;be issued under the &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2010&lt;/em&gt; Stock Plan.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;At &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2020, &lt;/em&gt;the total number of unexercised options for the &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2010&lt;/em&gt; Plan is 26,130.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;i&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2014&lt;/em&gt; Omnibus Incentive Plan&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&#x2014;In &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; November 2014, &lt;/em&gt;the Company approved the &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2014&lt;/em&gt; Omnibus Incentive Plan (the &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#x201c;2014&lt;/em&gt; Plan&#x201d;) under which 1,479,200 shares of common stock &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/em&gt;be issued or used for reference purposes as awards granted under the &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2014&lt;/em&gt; Plan. In &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; September 2016, &lt;/em&gt;the &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2014&lt;/em&gt; Plan was amended to allow for the granting of an additional 2,500,000 shares of common stock to be issued or used for reference purposes as awards granted, for a total of 3,979,200 shares. In &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; September 2020, &lt;/em&gt;the &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2014&lt;/em&gt; Plan was amended to allow for the granting of an additional 700,000 shares of common stock to be issued or used for reference purposes as awards granted, for an available total of 4,679,200 shares. These awards &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/em&gt;be in the form of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, as well as other stock-based and cash-based awards. As of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2020&lt;/em&gt;, the awards granted were either time-based (cliff vest over &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:c69268379&gt;three&lt;/span&gt; years), performance-based (vest when performance targets are met, as defined in the stock option grant agreement), or restricted stock units (employee RSUs cliff vest over &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:c69268380&gt;three&lt;/span&gt; years and non-employee director RSUs cliff vest over &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:c69268381&gt;one&lt;/span&gt; year). The total number of unexercised options and RSUs for the &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2014&lt;/em&gt; Plan is 2,610,490.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt 7.2pt;text-align:left;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;At &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2020&lt;/em&gt;, there were 908,433&#160;shares of common stock available to be issued or used for reference purposes under the &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2014&lt;/em&gt; Plan.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;i&gt;&lt;b&gt;NASDAQ Marketplace Rules Inducement Award&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&#x2014;During the year ended &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2016, &lt;/em&gt;500,000 service period stock options and 500,000 performance-based stock options were granted to the Company&#x2019;s CEO as an inducement under the NASDAQ Marketplace Rules and during the &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;first&lt;/em&gt; quarter of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020,&lt;/em&gt; 15,000 service period stock options were granted to the Executive Vice President of Finance, at the time, who is currently Chief Financial Officer as an inducement under the NASDAQ Marketplace Rules, and therefore outside of any Plan. Under the terms of the applicable agreement, each&#160;grant is governed as if issued under the &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2014&lt;/em&gt; Omnibus Plan. The awards&#160;granted are&#160;time-based (cliff vest over &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:c69268392&gt;four&lt;/span&gt; years and &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:c69268393&gt;three&lt;/span&gt; years, respectively) and performance-based (vest when performance targets are met, as defined in the stock option grant agreement).&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;/&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;i&gt;&lt;b&gt;Service Period Stock Options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;i&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/i&gt;A summary of service period stock options outstanding and changes under the plans during the year ended &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2020&lt;/em&gt; is presented below:&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

    &lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; text-indent: 0px; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 52%; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Shares&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Average Remaining Contractual Term&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Aggregate Intrinsic Value&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;Outstanding at December 31, 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;1,359,990&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;11.50&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;(Dollars in thousands)&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Granted&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;382,910&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;127.89&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Exercised&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(415,499&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;8.97&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(357&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;11.00&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Outstanding at December 31, 2020&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;1,327,044&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;45.88&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); text-align: center;&gt;7.0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;128,778&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Exercisable at December 31, 2020&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;874,153&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;10.99&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); text-align: center;&gt;5.7&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;115,520&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;

   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;All of the options exercisable at &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2020&lt;/em&gt; were in-the-money, which account for the entire aggregate intrinsic value. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2020, &lt;/em&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2019,&lt;/em&gt; and &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2018&lt;/em&gt; were $48.8 million, $18.4 million, and $7.3 million, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;A summary of the nonvested service period stock options as of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2020&lt;/em&gt;, and changes during the year ended &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2020&lt;/em&gt;, is presented below:&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

    &lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; text-indent: 0px; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Number of Options&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Share&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;Nonvested as of December 31, 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;347,796&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;8.11&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;382,910&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;64.75&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;Vested&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;(277,458&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;6.17&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;Forfeited&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;(357&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;5.61&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;Nonvested as of December 31, 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;452,891&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;57.19&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;

   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;As of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2020&lt;/em&gt;, there was $24.7 million of total unrecognized compensation costs related to non-vested service period options, of which $5.9 million will be incurred in &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021,&lt;/em&gt; $5.7 million will be incurred in &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2022,&lt;/em&gt; $4.9 million will be incurred in &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2023&lt;/em&gt; and the remaining $8.2 million&#160;will be incurred in &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2024.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;/&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;i&gt;&lt;b&gt;Performance Based Options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;i&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/i&gt;Performance based option vesting is contingent upon the Company achieving certain annual Net Sales or Adjusted EBITDA goals. A summary of performance-based stock options outstanding and changes under the plans during the year ended &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2020&lt;/em&gt; is presented below:&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

    &lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; text-indent: 0px; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 52%; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Shares&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Average Remaining Contractual Term&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Aggregate Intrinsic Value&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;Outstanding at December 31, 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;1,372,819&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;18.31&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Granted&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;844,508&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;139.02&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Exercised&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(63,315&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;27.34&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;Forfeited&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;(35,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;15.65&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Outstanding at December 31, 2020&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;2,119,012&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;66.19&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); text-align: center;&gt;7.8&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;161,231&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Exercisable at December 31, 2020&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;1,008,964&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;11.05&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); text-align: center;&gt;5.9&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;132,110&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;

   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;A summary of the nonvested performance-based options as of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2020&lt;/em&gt;, and changes during the year ended &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2020&lt;/em&gt;, is presented below:&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

    &lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; text-indent: 0px; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Number of Options&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Share&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;Nonvested as of December 31, 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;1,338,361&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;10.89&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;844,508&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;70.83&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;Vested&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;(1,037,823&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;6.97&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;Forfeited&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;(35,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;7.49&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;Nonvested as of December 31, 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;1,110,046&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;60.25&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;

   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;As of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2020&lt;/em&gt;, unrecognized compensation costs related to the 861,047&#160;performance-based awards for which the achievement of the vesting criteria is considered probable as of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2020&lt;/em&gt; have performance target dates ranging from &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2021&#160;&lt;/em&gt;through &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2024. &lt;/em&gt;The total unrecognized compensation costs for these performance-based awards was $44.2&#160;million as of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2020&lt;/em&gt;, of which $12.5&#160;million will be incurred in &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021,&lt;/em&gt; $11.8&#160;million will be incurred in &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2022,&lt;/em&gt; $10.3&#160;million will be incurred in &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2023&lt;/em&gt;&#160;and the remaining $9.6&#160;million will be incurred in &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2024.&lt;/em&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;As of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2020, &lt;/em&gt;there were 248,999 unvested performance-based options outstanding that were deemed &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; probable, with an aggregate fair value of $18.2&#160;million.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;/&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;i&gt;&lt;b&gt;Service Period Restricted Stock Units&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;i&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/i&gt;The following table includes activity related to outstanding restricted stock units during the &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;twelve&lt;/em&gt; months ended &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2020&lt;/em&gt;.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

    &lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; text-indent: 0px; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Shares&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Unit&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;Outstanding at December 31, 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;240,229&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;29.07&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Granted&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;55,134&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;63.68&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;Issued Upon Vesting&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;(123,744&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;24.33&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;(1,328&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;45.32&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Outstanding at December 31, 2020&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;170,291&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;43.60&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;

   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;As of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2020&lt;/em&gt;, there was approximately $4.0&#160;million of total unrecognized compensation costs related to restricted stock units, of which $2.6 million&#160;will be incurred in &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021,&lt;/em&gt; $1.2 million&#160;will be incurred in &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2022,&lt;/em&gt; and $0.2 million&#160;will be incurred in &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2023.&lt;/em&gt; &#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&lt;i&gt;&lt;b&gt;Performance Based Restricted Stock Units&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;i&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/i&gt;The following table includes activity related to outstanding restricted stock units during the &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;twelve&lt;/em&gt; months ended &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2020&lt;/em&gt;.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

    &lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; text-indent: 0px; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; font-variant: normal; text-align: center; margin: 0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Shares&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; font-variant: normal; text-align: center; margin: 0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Unit&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;Outstanding at December 31, 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 70%;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; font-variant: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Granted&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;22,894&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;55.54&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; font-variant: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Outstanding at December 31, 2020&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;22,894&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;55.54&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;

   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;As of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2020, &lt;/em&gt;unrecognized compensation costs related to the 22,894 performance-based RSUs for which the achievement of the vesting criteria is considered probable as of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2020 &lt;/em&gt;have performance target dates related to the &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;twelve&lt;/em&gt; months ended &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2023. &lt;/em&gt;The total unrecognized compensation costs for these performance-based awards was $2.4 million as of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2020, &lt;/em&gt;of which $0.8 million will be incurred in &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021,&lt;/em&gt; $0.8 million will be incurred in &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2022,&lt;/em&gt;&#160;and the remaining $0.8 will be incurred in &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2023.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;i&gt;&lt;b&gt;Grant Date Fair Value of Options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&#x2014;The weighted average grant date fair value of options (service period options and performance based options) granted during the years ended &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2020, &lt;/em&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2019,&lt;/em&gt; and &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2018&lt;/em&gt; were $68.93, &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:c69268445&gt;$24.24&lt;/span&gt; and $14.27&#160;per share, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Expected Volatility&#x2014;&lt;/i&gt;Expected volatility was based on the historical volatility of the Company&#x2019;s common stock.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Weighted Average Expected Term&lt;/i&gt;&#x2014;The Company determined the expected term based on the &#x201c;shortcut method&#x201d; described in FASB ASC &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;718,&lt;/em&gt; Compensation&#x2014;&lt;i&gt;Stock Compensation &lt;/i&gt;(an expected term based on the midpoint between the vesting date and the end of the contractual term).&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Risk-Free Interest Rate&lt;/i&gt;&#x2014;The risk-free interest rates are based on the U.S. Treasury yield for a period consistent with the expected term of the option in effect at the time of the grant.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: left;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: left;/&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Expected Dividend Yield&lt;/i&gt;&#x2014;The Company has &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; historically declared dividends, and &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;no&lt;/em&gt; future dividends are expected to be available to benefit option holders. Accordingly, the Company used an expected dividend yield of &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:c69268451&gt;zero&lt;/span&gt; in the valuation model.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

    &lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; text-indent: 0px; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Year Ended December 31,&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=1 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=1 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=1 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2018&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 55%;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Weighted average exercise price of options granted&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:c69268571&gt;$ 135.55&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:c69268574&gt;$ 48.64&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:c69268577&gt;$ 27.60&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Expected volatility&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;46.9% - 51.5%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;47.6% - 48.5%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;48.9% - 50%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Average expected terms in years&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;5.8 - 7&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;6 - 6.6&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;6 - 6.6&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Risk-free interest rate&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;0.3% - 1.69%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;2.27%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;2.62% - 2.96%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Expected dividend yield&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;0.0%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;0.0%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;0.0%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

    &lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; text-indent: 0px; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 52%; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Shares&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Average Remaining Contractual Term&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Aggregate Intrinsic Value&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;Outstanding at December 31, 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;1,359,990&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;11.50&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;(Dollars in thousands)&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Granted&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;382,910&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;127.89&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Exercised&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(415,499&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;8.97&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(357&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;11.00&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Outstanding at December 31, 2020&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;1,327,044&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;45.88&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); text-align: center;&gt;7.0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;128,778&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Exercisable at December 31, 2020&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;874,153&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;10.99&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); text-align: center;&gt;5.7&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;115,520&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

    &lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; text-indent: 0px; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Number of Options&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Share&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;Nonvested as of December 31, 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;347,796&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;8.11&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;382,910&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;64.75&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;Vested&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;(277,458&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;6.17&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;Forfeited&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;(357&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;5.61&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;Nonvested as of December 31, 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;452,891&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;57.19&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

    &lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; text-indent: 0px; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 52%; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Shares&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Average Remaining Contractual Term&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Aggregate Intrinsic Value&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;Outstanding at December 31, 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;1,372,819&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;18.31&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Granted&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;844,508&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;139.02&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Exercised&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(63,315&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;27.34&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;Forfeited&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;(35,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;15.65&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Outstanding at December 31, 2020&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;2,119,012&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;66.19&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); text-align: center;&gt;7.8&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;161,231&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Exercisable at December 31, 2020&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;1,008,964&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;11.05&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); text-align: center;&gt;5.9&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;132,110&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

    &lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; text-indent: 0px; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Number of Options&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Share&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;Nonvested as of December 31, 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;1,338,361&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;10.89&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;844,508&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;70.83&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;Vested&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;(1,037,823&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;6.97&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;Forfeited&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;(35,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;7.49&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;Nonvested as of December 31, 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;1,110,046&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;60.25&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

    &lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; text-indent: 0px; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Shares&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Unit&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;Outstanding at December 31, 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;240,229&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;29.07&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Granted&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;55,134&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;63.68&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;Issued Upon Vesting&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;(123,744&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;24.33&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;(1,328&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;45.32&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Outstanding at December 31, 2020&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;170,291&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;43.60&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;

    &lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; text-indent: 0px; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; font-variant: normal; text-align: center; margin: 0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Shares&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; font-variant: normal; text-align: center; margin: 0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Unit&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;Outstanding at December 31, 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 70%;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; font-variant: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Granted&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;22,894&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;55.54&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; font-variant: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Outstanding at December 31, 2020&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;22,894&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;55.54&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

    &lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; text-indent: 0px; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Year Ended December 31,&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=1 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=1 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=1 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2018&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 55%;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Weighted average exercise price of options granted&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:c69268571&gt;$ 135.55&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:c69268574&gt;$ 48.64&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:c69268577&gt;$ 27.60&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Expected volatility&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;46.9% - 51.5%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;47.6% - 48.5%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;48.9% - 50%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Average expected terms in years&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;5.8 - 7&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;6 - 6.6&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;6 - 6.6&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Risk-free interest rate&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;0.3% - 1.69%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;2.27%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;2.62% - 2.96%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Expected dividend yield&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;0.0%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;0.0%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;0.0%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

   &lt;p style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt 7.2pt; text-indent: -9pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;11&lt;/em&gt;&#160;&#x2013; Earnings Per Share Attributable to Common Stockholder:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;Basic net earnings (loss) per share of common stock&#160;is calculated by dividing net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding for the period. Diluted net earnings (loss) per share of common stock is computed by giving effect to all potentially dilutive securities. Diluted net loss per common share is the same as basic net loss per common share, due to the fact that potentially dilutive securities would have an antidilutive effect as the Company incurred a net loss for the years ended &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2020, &lt;/em&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/em&gt; and &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2018&lt;/em&gt;.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;In the years ended &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2020, &lt;/em&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2019,&lt;/em&gt; and &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2018&lt;/em&gt;, there were no reconciling items between Net Loss/Income and Net Loss attributable to common stockholders.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;The potentially dilutive securities excluded from the determination of diluted loss per share, as their effect is antidilutive, are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

    &lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; text-indent: 0px; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Twelve Months Ended December 31,&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2018&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 55%;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Service Period Stock Options&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;1,355,590&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;1,500,156&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;2,018,050&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Restricted Stock Units&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;190,006&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;235,847&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;213,591&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Performance Stock Options&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;1,008,960&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;34,482&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;52,536&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Total&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;2,554,556&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;1,770,485&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;2,284,177&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

    &lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; text-indent: 0px; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Twelve Months Ended December 31,&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2018&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 55%;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Service Period Stock Options&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;1,355,590&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;1,500,156&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;2,018,050&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Restricted Stock Units&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;190,006&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;235,847&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;213,591&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Performance Stock Options&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;1,008,960&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;34,482&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;52,536&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Total&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;2,554,556&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;1,770,485&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;2,284,177&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;15&lt;/em&gt;&#160;&#x2013; Unaudited Quarterly Results: &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;Unaudited quarterly results for the years ended &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31, 2020, &lt;/em&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2019,&lt;/em&gt; and &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2018&lt;/em&gt; were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: Arial; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

    &lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; text-indent: 0px; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;First Quarter&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Second Quarter&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Third Quarter&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Fourth Quarter&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=14 rowspan=1 style=width: 9%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; text-align: center;&gt;(Dollars in thousands except per share data)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;2020:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;70,098&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;79,980&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;84,190&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;84,522&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Income/(loss) from operations&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(2,886&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;231&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;3,760&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(3,103&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;)&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Net Income/(loss)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(3,590&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;153&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;3,547&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(3,298&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;)&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Net Income/(loss) attributable to common stockholders&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(3,590&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;153&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;3,547&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(3,298&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;)&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;Basic earnings/(loss) per common share&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;(0.10&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;0.09&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:c69268746&gt;(0.08&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;)&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Diluted earnings/(loss) per common share&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(0.10&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;0.09&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(0.08&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;)&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 52%;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;2019:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;54,792&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;60,052&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;65,266&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;65,752&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Income/(loss) from operations&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(3,317&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(5,346&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;3,535&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;4,876&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Net Income/(loss)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(3,422&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(5,661&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;3,067&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;4,633&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Net Income/(loss) attributable to common stockholders&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(3,422&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(5,661&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;3,067&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;4,633&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Basic earnings/(loss) per common share&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(0.10&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(0.16&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;0.09&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;0.13&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Diluted earnings/(loss) per common share&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(0.10&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(0.16&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;0.08&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;0.12&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;2018:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;43,170&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;47,625&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;50,800&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;51,643&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Income/(loss) from operations&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(3,410&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(3,410&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;44&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;1,890&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Net Income/(loss)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(3,521&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(3,501&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(97&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;1,757&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Net Income/(loss) attributable to common stockholders&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(3,521&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(3,501&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(97&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;1,757&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Basic earnings/(loss) per common share&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(0.10&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(0.10&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(0.00&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;0.05&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Diluted earnings/(loss) per common share&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(0.10&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(0.10&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(0.00&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;0.05&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

    &lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; text-indent: 0px; margin-left: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;First Quarter&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Second Quarter&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Third Quarter&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;Fourth Quarter&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=14 rowspan=1 style=width: 9%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; text-align: center;&gt;(Dollars in thousands except per share data)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;2020:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;70,098&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;79,980&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;84,190&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;84,522&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Income/(loss) from operations&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(2,886&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;231&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;3,760&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(3,103&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;)&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Net Income/(loss)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(3,590&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;153&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;3,547&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(3,298&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;)&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Net Income/(loss) attributable to common stockholders&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(3,590&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;153&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;3,547&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(3,298&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;)&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;Basic earnings/(loss) per common share&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;(0.10&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;0.09&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:c69268746&gt;(0.08&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;)&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Diluted earnings/(loss) per common share&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(0.10&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;0.09&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(0.08&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;)&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 52%;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;2019:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;54,792&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;60,052&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;65,266&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;65,752&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Income/(loss) from operations&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(3,317&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(5,346&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;3,535&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;4,876&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Net Income/(loss)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(3,422&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(5,661&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;3,067&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;4,633&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Net Income/(loss) attributable to common stockholders&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(3,422&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(5,661&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;3,067&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;4,633&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Basic earnings/(loss) per common share&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(0.10&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(0.16&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;0.09&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;0.13&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Diluted earnings/(loss) per common share&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(0.10&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(0.16&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;0.08&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;0.12&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;2018:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;43,170&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;47,625&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;50,800&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;51,643&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Income/(loss) from operations&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(3,410&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(3,410&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;44&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;1,890&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Net Income/(loss)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(3,521&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(3,501&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(97&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;1,757&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Net Income/(loss) attributable to common stockholders&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(3,521&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(3,501&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(97&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;1,757&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Basic earnings/(loss) per common share&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(0.10&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(0.10&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(0.00&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;0.05&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Diluted earnings/(loss) per common share&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(0.10&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(0.10&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;(0.00&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;0.05&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 'defref_dei_DocumentInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentAnnualReport'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentTransitionReport'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFileNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CityAreaCode'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LocalPhoneNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_Security12bTitle'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_SecurityExchangeName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityInteractiveDataCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntitySmallBusiness'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityShellCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_DepositsOnPropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueRestrictedStockAwardGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueRestrictedStockAwardGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueRestrictedStockAwardGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWriteDown'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCostsAndDiscounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherLeaseLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireShortTermInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromMaturitiesPrepaymentsAndCallsOfShorttermInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceInitialPublicOffering'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsRelatedToTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseExcludingExchangeRateEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsIncludingDisposalGroupAndDiscontinuedOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsIncludingDisposalGroupAndDiscontinuedOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashInvestingAndFinancingItemsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalExpendituresIncurredButNotYetPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationBasisOfPresentationBusinessDescriptionAndAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'


     <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsAndChangesInAccountingPrinciplesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'


    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=6 rowspan=1 style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'


    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=6 rowspan=1 style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<p style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'


    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=9 rowspan=1 style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesDisclosureCurrentTextBlock'


    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=6 rowspan=1 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr class=GFJY4-DFU-com-rdg-thunderdome-client-resources-CssResource-html-lineItem-v2v-addition style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'

   <p style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255


    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


   <p style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'

   <p style=font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times


    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 52%; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 52%; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=7 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=1 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=1 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=1 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock'

   <p style=background-color: rgb(255
 255


    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndEmployeeBenefitPlansOtherThanShareBasedCompensationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock'


    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=14 rowspan=1 style=width: 9%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_NatureOfTheBusinessPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationVariableInterestEntityPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_RestrictedStockTaxWithholdingsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_TreasuryStockPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_DebtIssuanceCostPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerPolicyTextBlock'


     <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_RevenueRecognitionShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueTableTextBlock'

     <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'

    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=6 rowspan=1 style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'

    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=6 rowspan=1 style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'

    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=9 rowspan=1 style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'

    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'

    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'

    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=6 rowspan=1 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr class=GFJY4-DFU-com-rdg-thunderdome-client-resources-CssResource-html-lineItem-v2v-addition style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock'
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseCostTableTextBlock'

    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_ScheduleOfSupplementalCashFlowInformationRelatedToLeasesTableTextBlock'

    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock'

    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ContractualObligationFiscalYearMaturityScheduleTableTextBlock'

    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationRestrictedStockUnitsAwardActivityTableTextBlock'

    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica


    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'

    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=7 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=1 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=1 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=1 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=frpt_PerformanceStockOptionsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationPerformanceSharesAwardOutstandingActivityTableTextBlock'

    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 52%; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNonvestedPerformanceBasedUnitsActivityTableTextBlock'

    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=frpt_ServicePeriodStockOptionsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock'

    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 52%; border-bottom: thin solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNonvestedShareActivityTableTextBlock'

    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTextBlock'

    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock'

    <table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
 sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td colspan=14 rowspan=1 style=width: 9%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica

<tr style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Helvetica

 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<td style=width: 1%; font-family: Arial
 Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsRelatedToTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerAssetNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidAdvertising'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=frpt_DrawTermLoanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=frpt_CreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=frpt_CreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=frpt_CreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=frpt_CreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=frpt_CreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_TransportationEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=frpt_RefrigerationEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesPaidForTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsRelatedToTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=frpt_GroceryIncludingOnlineMassAndClubMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=frpt_PetSpecialtyAndNaturalMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWorkInProcessAndRawMaterials'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWorkInProcess'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryValuationReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_CostOfSalesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=frpt_RefrigerationEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LandBuildingsAndImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=frpt_FurnitureAndOfficeEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=frpt_AutomotiveEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=frpt_PrivatelyHeldCompanyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentAggregateCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExaminationPenaltiesAndInterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCountryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_OperatingLossCarryforwardsSubjectToExpiration'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_OperatingLossCarryforwardsNotSubjectToExpiration'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_OperatingLossCarryforwardsSubjectToExpiration'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_OperatingLossCarryforwardsNotSubjectToExpiration'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentForeignTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationPermanentItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_AccruedLegalContingenciesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_AccruedChillerCostCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_AccruedFreightCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_AccruedProductionExpensesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedMarketingCostsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_AccruedComputerAndITCostsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=frpt_CreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_DebtAgreementMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_ProceedsFromDebtAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=frpt_CreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=frpt_CreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=frpt_CreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=frpt_CreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=frpt_CreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=frpt_CreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseRenewalTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseRemainingLeaseTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseRemainingLeaseTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasePayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RightOfUseAssetObtainedInExchangeForOperatingLeaseLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityToBePaidYearFiveAndThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityUndiscountedExcessAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInSecondYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInThirdYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInFourthYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_ContractualObligationToBePaidYearFiveAndThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardCompensationCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis=srt_ExecutiveVicePresidentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=frpt_ServicePeriodStockOptionsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=frpt_ServicePeriodStockOptionsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=frpt_ServicePeriodStockOptionsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=frpt_ServicePeriodStockOptionsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=frpt_ServicePeriodStockOptionsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=frpt_ServicePeriodStockOptionsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedShareBasedAwardsOtherThanOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedShareBasedAwardsOtherThanOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedShareBasedAwardsOtherThanOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedShareBasedAwardsOtherThanOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=frpt_PerformanceStockOptionsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=frpt_PerformanceStockOptionsWithProbableVestingCriteriaMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_UnrecognizedCompensationCostsPerformanceBasedAwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedShareBasedAwardsOtherThanOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=frpt_PerformanceStockOptionsWithProbableVestingCriteriaMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedShareBasedAwardsOtherThanOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=frpt_PerformanceStockOptionsWithProbableVestingCriteriaMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedShareBasedAwardsOtherThanOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=frpt_PerformanceStockOptionsWithProbableVestingCriteriaMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedShareBasedAwardsOtherThanOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=frpt_PerformanceStockOptionsWithProbableVestingCriteriaMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedShareBasedAwardsOtherThanOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=frpt_PerformanceStockOptionsDeemedNotProbableToVestMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisesInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingAggregateIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=frpt_PerformanceBasedRestrictedStockUnitsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_UnrecognizedCompensationCostsPerformanceBasedAwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedShareBasedAwardsOtherThanOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=frpt_PerformanceBasedRestrictedStockUnitsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedShareBasedAwardsOtherThanOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=frpt_PerformanceBasedRestrictedStockUnitsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedShareBasedAwardsOtherThanOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=frpt_PerformanceBasedRestrictedStockUnitsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedShareBasedAwardsOtherThanOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=frpt_The2010StockPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=frpt_The2010StockPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=frpt_StockPlan2010Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=frpt_OmnibusIncentivePlan2014Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfAdditionalSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockCapitalSharesReservedForFutureIssuance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=frpt_OmnibusIncentivePlan2014Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=frpt_OmnibusIncentivePlan2014Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=frpt_OmnibusIncentivePlan2014Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_CostOfSalesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=frpt_ServicePeriodStockOptionsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedNumberOfShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedNumberOfShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedOptionsForfeitedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedNumberOfShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentOtherThanOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceEndingBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_SharebasedCompensationArrangementsBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisesInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_SharebasedCompensationArrangementsBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_SharebasedCompensationArrangementsBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentOtherThanOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceEndingBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAggregateIntrinsicValueOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityOptionsOtherThanOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentOtherThanOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=frpt_PerformanceBasedRestrictedStockUnitsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRateMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRateMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRateMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRateMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockDividendsAndOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis=frpt_ServicePeriodStockOptionsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis=frpt_PerformanceStockOptionsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanMaximumAnnualContributionsPerEmployeePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_OwnershipInterestSharesSoldByRelatedPartyEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAmountsOfTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_NumberOfDistributors'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_NumberOfMajorCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_NumberOfDistributors'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_NumberOfMajorCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_SupplierConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_NumberOfVendors'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_SupplierConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_NumberOfVendors'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFDICInsuredAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_DebtAgreementMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=frpt_CreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=frpt_CreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=frpt_CreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=frpt_CreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=frpt_CreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=frpt_CreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=frpt_CreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_DebtAgreementMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=frpt_CreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=frpt_CreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=frpt_CreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=frpt_CreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=frpt_CreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=frpt_CreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'

begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( %.!5E('04UB@0   +$    0    9&]C4')O<',O87!P+GAM
M;$V./0L


STA)8*O4'J@)I9GF


M9'J+\Z_L%9TC;MEU\FMSO]L_

!J9S]6:\?1
MTDB @LE]E 6Z2?:CTQ4(
@T[.IU8SG9\]L3MGXS*VG0T;1K@X_%X.+;+THMP


@ %AP
M=M;

M4'RO0;:*X

MY!$XM4D-
A
_)V&F&I0' *D3&6H8;XM

:


^8



=4KY
IV#F?



[82EQB\X^;'

N10[I*0
M!A
!S93)1/ @F2F'(8^@N]\@RY*17.K3XY?T4L@X9.7M(E$A2*L P%(1=R


M?!^2!F.
6_0T7X\48JVFL:W&VC$


$%     @

M$5?/UR*4^\L6;1TNW 6;K4DO=*Y&.[X12V&^[A8*SCJ%BA]$(M:!C(D2Z\O6
MF+Z?NKTTP-[Q+1![?71

MS0.Z-C/9H]@\3+GA5R









M8
!SY9I0]F[U



?CZO3A@K5H1ULUN'D?DK4%RT!_M\7@5L:O-OHBV1
MK

M3GE[MHG]F:?S2I-0K'4.1\ A,KVA;,3(W=VIW0EC9&1/=P*[@N5W@_KZ4T



#K^IIHC=*\*12RK
)Q3B8Y#PM1A=G



5_^CY[TL'J%EJ8W
]\J ($^+W5_^?1^( P7B]2C0
MO0)]KP+;*[#*T1VRRJUK;OC%F9+/2%EIL&8?JMA4VN!-6MAMG!L%OZ:@9RZF


@844RQ0WWZ;G42OU6?@+^UT[1VFE;V6)_3C_?W-W\\
MH


*[4V+#TP2)[]!OM7!&+^@LS%C8

T0::IJF*

MW
V[D. 63)=4@'LJFQQ0$AG.3P@L-VGQA#(!#(V4I6+;HDIXZ4_7O=5#-&$4





-60DB-4#G,20MG9Z-=0FASAD/$][R@#UQ#&G28-!IP_W/[
MJ8,V<&?['5*1AWM:'CT81(9I8[?]1[:==HG P[1SD'6(P5DLGKXF#:D0=E@

I=?D4__A!1
M0G]!6VDW;XP^X%.

1+(%R5_BN2
?+P.&1T

SN1G
 @O^2;


M;)6576_:
!2&_XH5[:*5.O)):*L0::6;MHM)J.SCVDT.Q*IC9[8#[7[]CN
T



M588ZDR^DT)*SDAHHR0WE5!1 5M9.D[
E52!

MO37QBWZK&[=5]
I6MU!

+
W^ZG


M6X#7UU*:YXGM@\-K+_\'4$L#!!0    ( %.!5E+VL['#G04  (X5   8
&ULM9A=<Z(Z&








7[O0*N#
/N-[S9#8)HX4;37[XP/\U

&$BPN)$R085;!9
IMYIR,T))-H=(=IX4-
MU6SHZ_FR'\(%GXYL$'D_E)/.67.\[9 I


YH4BRS
ME=W8]


IHJ
M42M:;;?0_@3:5Z'LQNI9#'M'YE+(H*'+R.5S#2LM@FXMGOH= Y[L9LX?\OY
MR@B$3RZ?A[_\OI_OSFJC1MU&?3URP\D87/78DV2)
XIX'X'Z#;.L;)KRWSV
M:6=H-XTU9XM
GCG5


2=

M::-NTSX;=UU832=MPU(H6[!42B56_^2@*L7YICCPHV!%7C-V.-JI[E:'BFYQ


MMEIGA)8[+LI-VU@ZV&3%_F_ZU 9QU(0@0:D;44!M0?:$#;!E0]0S#0P&T;
MN.H9AAIX;0-//8
[T
!O&_A* TP'&@1M@Z#IK'VZ3=?

M7S3]V[26/9(5]5\$97\-)/MQ&54%KS,LU4JV K=/E'CC/!47F'HG5:W#..

ML:7HW%[T
Q-R0LMP%FE59

W%8U





EL /9W '74'%0L0$6L^Q@33UD8$KU
3]2+;7J(;6J-[:;NR'&-

H4VARXETA1\&RE(X!\LL0$4
*A+ 2B^T\!!:: U-
MHK

%%H*!@8HYJ%CHBC%VU/LM68!RO0PTX'


MYO'9Y#4U9H@-Z.5YOA=ZZM7I2NQ*CABPWC$C/A$:3[)+8 3#!IHDU)EJ':_K
MQO*\U*-JUQN$E*CQZ
X




X
S&8HA2DF_L Z0XYV2^WD^Y+
1G2P=(/I
MU%6WT RZ@;LUZ=B3O!Q[&KV#6Y@1
2IZZI;! :5NH3DABVDT!V^D%V\$OL
M\'L^LQ$=)D.


M   ( %.!5E*G-.XT\@@  


MUW?R^:O8$_)4?XG

M =


M=Y=MU91@5 )SF*&C#71L@H(PT
@@';D
)Q




?OF1IZ)+C42FMTQ$(M&# IHBPAZ599$4/Y@B*4

M9*M*O!+



7\OHSK-)S:1?RP^K?Q2^_2-R5W8-;_
0)C0: ;$01%H[ZJ


M[+I^6A\2N=E NE3JX '64E7MV@AORTR=P4




M

RG]V3\=33_
M
@7#3QHY'






=BK6CEN;PZ/66

2/NBR.'JX56D4?
CG;]BGZ:M\4==VT[S=]B\O'#$*1BQ5T
MZ7P


3UT9K:KKV
M*K15I?W#!5FW/AU-1_W9[,J(R^,STX:O:(;BG\VUQY/XT%*82JJ@W&U\K0\
M'9U/7U_L\7[9\,70.FQ]5^S)PKFO_'!5G(XF;!!9RB-+T/AS1Y=D+0N&?]T
M



M[V[
JC9+D^LZJO

?71W+









\#^
$]P-*H$]:2QY0LC$EFI=QDUGNV9B&T:
2'!Q%7$(X6+&@!
F&\DO
M?-OZ/C0![ <7T_I(CC^Y-LMO@1ZP%S?D


:O
R2K?RNA+;O[=[R^+-;
#X$O-QKG(2YXZ9NS

0N11I0L'4




M!#Q[[K%[X'CK5HYR7
EO#TP:8+UT01]6AY\WSM.M?K
]_3;R4?L5!A]E:8FC



67I%U7) &27K .Z% TZX9AV(-B
[%06?(DNFG_

M6+1KF-76Q1%,*I4G7)65P)J:/I..S=V^G8-*2DQGL+KJDJ85_GJ
QF$J71


(\L:1J3IC9E!)W7[%

Q]9LP'IM1O.+$&JP9G)2^Z(LR/*I9#N:
M?C6$D




MZA7:=1AH#@)6V_7];C\S9^VHV*FW _=.V+74#A2NV#09?#R-P+9#K!7(U&%P


1#^*Z-5

M9K EL[(EHH/G2FD[#$KGUE=19/
2*V'/:8V:7Q9D*N%8-
O(K@V*H@95*DHZ




\)
M


M;:UMKWS?E%NLN9FH%AOZLE:ZYI9
O?%-JY%7O5
M_2@(

MU5DI&EQI




MB99.P
9<#;_0!;QC!@VKLUL#GIL+J/8%/28Z91J^9+J.SC+=8


MK@V(!NQ6=892





M9'%+7DK /?4^0*[@NRZ[N)(U(

H#7$3!IED))(&5R$
MZ21[

U

M0NIH
@IGMV8RHMHIJ?'6@*W+4IC7*2I:CZ-^M#FXDZO^8-X,JK$N?H?E6W



U3* S&-IQ8SZE+ZP&UY@WX9:N=:%L+BC-1OF;MB'!U'D.-2U
K=T?H;


SFI_:7





*;)A][0;@OD/-*RPI@PUIJ?C(J$3XQ+?L9:+DQE4U!














KSWF:+B2%??7._3WWG?RY4Y8O-3U'[)RJ]-1

M^05[?S+&*W5M_1
VG6R2C:!LK=--KTP6-%)U;_'8QV%/H0A?4(A[A=C;W5WD

M)U-'TPP+7N8BPXF?@$FBN&C5FYEX9VJL'H.,6;!L/BG6$7\:N(5UA.((D
MB,,X? 4O&1Q-/%[RBJ,6G(;W4@E52E'#C1,.B6#.OH*?#OBIQT]?P'^*'UQ)
M6];:M@;AKUM\='!1Z_+^[T-1?1VS3\[YKF1 +T!V]SC.$P@+UU38=EC^!.%
MZ:(/%#ML[M 


8RO2%

F4L)9\%(W:Z&V

I7 FU1 A[3:\899.=E]$W7;Q%4PJ*A.$<9+%

5IM__[%P6)PY,/$'9
MUHY5UONS5H;KME*TJEARQC.UBR549:;Y&52R47LNSL-\X70A^+ W'PKCT[
MIXKP$93<#LB+_]$27N@$GYB::Z*EXXQ10[-<P&$0YP4MTGF0QSDOLJ!((F(8
M]3B2]_3!1QH:R,$\2+,4LB#,$XB*
O@VC DY9L=P:^M7'






RYX;6R-5=MNVS 
M_17V,,&N/4UEQ9)@9ML0*[!.TN#\

?MAC;82RR)
MYQR1%
E
=DH_F@K1PKX6TDR#RMKM9129HL*:F7.U14F6M=(UL[35F\AL-;+2
!LTDLB3O0%'12<U;J?05J22%CTK:RL-++'\6R BOWKGTJ-S\_2DXC46
MYY E(:1Q&I_0R_I@

M&'+/O(
/N*'T+.A!N=R@+ [PAJKD#21QF


]O=E^CA8*A * BG77/]F^O$O/G/-).G(I&H39**%%FH9)EL%+E14]:UF*
M<.,'DP%?/VWW]J?][+MJ6_X)W@Y.F##I0&!:Z+&YZ-! +H=1NW&JJT? ME
M*9U^6='\1NT 9%\KJHENXR[H_Q%F?P!02P,$%     @ 4X%64J96_L1I P
MBP<  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T

R2
(_CSA#2KE@9C&OSUF-*3T@:?_1_3;4#O7D@F'-T;]D 55JV@108&E
-.AP&G FUXHT $9N)5:Z%P*!0\D/E@D;N /QOP9P%_]B;?C& K7:Z


3^]=FMH[Y2SF88PAOL@SG6&9
[GI
Q?.'^

O&UI L2WY-5D2(\+UF%I@Z9;

MLU[I?7


(ZY*6

8]%K5M)7NC=!QP*LFK;V9.%(2&B\O8QBAB6


%:'HPBF(


\XN01SDF FH5'&$50

7N?L^


RG6:1_E*1(M4#_*
G24:1_#*)'3^B?X=:-Y/];



A)+HWLCRZA






:#E'E9R\:4JB$M
TZ'^;'H\@!DI6<62=!X'$CW\JJ<H(

:X78E/9W7[H^ST29V\
MF:J

M7CY_0O[E2FAYZ
)F3N?BSHFEJ=:B6?HMZ/=/\JNETTK-KO_89=^]TAUAWYBU
MF






M?95Z5AK(U4YZ/WPA74DIFR6]W?+8)WB
ILNEEDNP%I97:) S.B+J#:2?MY8
M8Y&QW#+QR$*(J3A(TDDPF43TBN(X3

PHAMTRQ+@B1.86
0
.'_


F# C'JN/$P
M#W8.RD



8-TSYU)0._M5-__),-MQ-RM9K(CJ(
=

M;R07I;D^?.].ER@F$OZR=.% #JO/RIMRC@L(_5;*:N[YAT/Z7U(K^@V7D_9B



'LAYDY96BS


MTO\V

]/VA\3]]/:W#NXA2QP2J)(++(UPJAJ1;G^5M!VK










MR^2+JURG-0EG7[6
:7VA'!I UY- '86^




%NVS 



M**J\$RRF8TL[L
';T\(DIAJCO3AIPJ

M2IAQRAX?G-*B0\U:5/X!RE





M6K;B@:60%6HGC0:+FUETF]XL)AX? #\DMNYH#;Z2M3$[;SP6LRCQ:'G#R#


1M &OC8\










MN1TX% ?(\Y'+DAL-+2NV;

C*W2
MQJ\%#05UTH39&5Z'S7


2YX;6RE5DMOVS@0_BL#G1Q
M&U%O.; -U
T&VT.+;-+N'A9[H*6Q)80279*JDW_?(67+SF[BHNF%SYEO9KX9
M/F8[J1YTC6C@L16=GGNU

MQ%@6M+SIO
7







* YB9
ML
O0(K!+QFPSM2O





M


MH@]R=W9VN$MRMC7VP57
GAYKI=T\J;QO/J2IRRNNA3LQ#6O
E
;6PN/7KE/7
L.OBEDLC+F


9



./NJBV\!4C ;
68X;46+.1!11 -Y.@=].S,8I*
MJ= ?CK7$J..\M5Q0CH?T5(I<*NEW](,'9!(PK[J9FWXF^7%$K'-3-\(YJ=<1
M=_R$6[ 2.P 65FS)LZU)!5+/@*][J^M@]01-0A<!\(GY8U1FQ#H-9R[83:F

MO]IACUXY+[1'@RADBGE3/E

5&ATE'B%?R7'4R8E<!
M@Q8$\B+BD#X@E? 12]ACR%P[PR4Q*D6NF:-<P]C5+-=LW7!(C?:&24+$1!@
MA -



-];/$?4$L#!!0    ( %.!5E+@
M3U^FBPD  





3/E7B

/8E_M](O L@/6R0


M#14F5R0_
\[MAI+\J%FXHVURXZNT6DXS\IE7\+1')?=PUK:!%U3Z]'(VJO5:



M4Y
E2/V-^%/ZR&F1'QI=,3_#W=#]K6T9A3F-532V_LUI5@0[F4YC-MD?7\
M/X2YY2^C



W:_'JEZ.#R=$[\1%!G.'9Z-%(A!$FSH_&Q_@C$GW[/8]UX
A$5Q6Q
M;R:I4YEQ+O'Q! HZE2\)A%\H;IDQ6*)9Y==V

R:I%.[&0*V[0-!.#MH02

M%Q5)$[*NG.#:69D\VC)\M]?HTNG0#MFME-8C6902_JAL WJND$Q.AEY@SM

#4A05/8Q-T!




M9:KC5)@8*4RQ$M=S34::(:-P


:E6XH$5S

7S


67_ZY: _

0_E* Y=L[Z$\.(S$^ZH]'

MUH:'M38*Y&


M7Z\^;W^2=HX-ALC4#%.'NQ

M-Z2@^6Y_^G]02P

MI%D$E;7-
M1129O
*:F3/5H*2;G=(ULZ3J
C*-1E9XIUI$:1Q/HIIQ&2SG_FRMEW/56L$E


<TL6\ZU.H!VUH3F!!^J]R9R
M7+I/V5A-MYS\[/)6680$WL



M60WJ/0;+^P.*/;[*
U6L-ZB]IDZN59




V&?O)

M


N4 A'1&G\W7
&?4@'/%R_LG_QM5
M


MNYD][_MP !A_!$CV@





LL:LZ$


M





M:&5E='


BVCAI9.]602M

ME:+'M08S=AW7KRN4:K\(XN#MX%'L6NL.PN5\X#O\@O:O8:UI%QY9&M%A;X3J





UI+W%GC?P
=OHQCH

:U

MH@?;JM&0-G





MI4&.V@'H^U91*QPV+L'QKV'Y/U!+ P04     !3@592N$$$G.T#  !30


M]6(YLPW$28H6:+L@R3H
PS[0TLD6(I$N2=7)O]^1LIVT2(P ^R#Q2-T]?.Z-






' HI7E_;\OQ?KHUK9?








MN^
F]]

;
2[5 4

T
MM%B3:12


M2P

M9SL4_OW.3@E
@WY)?+[GGGOQW8VW2J]-C6CAN1'23(+:VLU9%)FRQH:9$[5!





M=\IEP0S.E?C)*UM/@E$ %2Y9*^R]VG[!73Z%XRN5
/X+VPY;D




\V5[LC;0

P


89$4/N])^@L@X)LTP
MSGK-G595VPUQWYW#N( \R7O

M?H.==X/[!N_6'R6PXM* P69QB?#(@#=K91.L&KCQWBA+)73'VO:PJ@=@/1+
M14V]$YR#?J]/_P)02P,$%     @ 4X%64B_0O+ 7!   ,0L  !D   !X;]W


X$/XKHVA/ BF0)FG3@MI*QPZ
M)+A%P-WJ=+H/;C)M+9PX9SL4_OW..6P!\UQ+U\2.QD_
_
\]GBF&VWN[1K1










(7L

/[3/

W&JK?L@![UX7+&.;2URG 54DBR:!PSF=%K!K0EY@^H!O]M]
ML(.TO3.ME# 69$5+=6/I!-C]5Q*VU.4







(G35L4AZ96^47%

M?4FB5VU





M$(=!G
*I





(XQ:14;?


MLU*^P*Z;$B

V4&6.$Q'-W66 +G%/EWB0+DASOYFCSC_D!'Q]Y_/R;<!)


D)Q

F
!%5AO/I30F:9#59#UC


&O6



2YX;6R-5-MNVS 

MO=*/ID*T\%S+QDR#RMKV.HI
46'-S95JL:&3K=(UM[34N\BT&GGI0;6
$L8&




=Z#)/E[UMZ**CO*I-KO+&B%+)S3Q)66'1:6$'.[IX+V5$V8*M5


M)4D[OR&@_&*](=_''-
0C]TPHACTDRC021.J[)\(?&F== -QF.9YF(\9S7+&
MPC@?0!(2+&0Y@WLT]
P*BT?80R


$\B3

MLJI1[WSS
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#,R+GAM;*6636_;.!&
M_\I )P?06M2W'-@&ZF:#[:%%-DEW#XL]T!)M$:%(+TG5Z;_OD+(5%^NX:'H1


M$.?P&WR6M&^X90W\V5-MF19?X9X9S



MME6]H;(QP)YKMK.P0P/34LV@P?UUY56_AD_XNS 4%8.2A&1603D+9Q6!*@OC
MF2_R)



M970S
RYX;6R]6=MNVS@0_17Z$,N+5$76(720#'EVV*I@WBI
5BL0^
1%M$
M)=$E*2=9[

M/PX&/(AP@O@'NL:I_&5)68*$O&6K 5\SC


H.$I


M@DFJ9M9,/DKD7[B_L5&-C@/?B*1
8PH$L@(@PN

MI61) I0*



M O!




?58.;8OK^_P!O



M3
13)Z2Z8-GFBO4ZI!.[7FZ&K4AUQ;'-):=A\#[XJBIG^SRNUXR=];V;B:X9



-J%I.44FN74P.0-WM!XHPKC*V0.:@V%9@U].:GS

RO_H/*UK$-%%:I2[<2*5E=H

G(K-7D.)HL77,8OLFI!P88W20%$=KLF/6YL4



! *'12\3W
EM  ='


*.'K!*P*H#S@7 +@&[

*N #2/F3
[(U6R&]F^B!S3







MYZJI1F5#OV9KUE39
/#K*9HW99;C!E[-RT53!D/;LOU*=E:(3E6(3FLA/F8T

61N7X-JR%R#@Y!28XVZI[&@/JD%9L

8;
91YXXNY9L5=


X+1DA89.TZ+_?!)!!H1UO


V/A\\D5TF
M]0

?7 7\)5*(W1CJ3#6-O


M R5[(5G1BA5!06CSC]_;.O0$

&)F'?A[#
M(


MNN-
B$OTS.1X^?QA96;^U/L&.1+EA+8_3AETE

\@<!V@UK=

MHEMM]V6-_P-02P

MFG8[##LH-A

J[&





;

5X8RZ'TV


M %.!5E($\:J.GP

W+GAM
M;+5778^;.A#]*Q;J0RNE^8[JR32;M+J5NKV1KNW[4-U'[QD%8!4]MLVG]?
M&U@@@:392GD)&
X
9P[CDV&V8_R[2  D^IFEN9@;B93%M6F**(&
BM60*[N
MQ(QG1*HEWYJBX$ V556FK9E^69&:&XL9M6U-5_


MK E6##*:UT?RLQ&B%X#=(P%V$V?&^ T 4Y5:,VL*FM%)%G,.-LAKM$JFSZI
MM*FB534TUZ_Q07)UEZHXN?C$) 7O45KKEJ#RU\3M$Y)+A')-^C=CY(6ZIU)





M09] _;S+-S3?HENB$!&


M\IS*DD/%^-\XIA&\K(=PY_+X






M)K?AP'*
(&08*





 E
M* [7@4Z'P
JL'(OU.*=O9_3F_V$S=+L]W^O;F_V8'%HY[RVF=1;O/&N5GK5J




9 [R^Y;CO%Q'2Q\EDT_ U02P
$%
_RBGJBU9BS0,0: 5(I73:IG9#A6XOIKTPR4&\.C:SG4+W
MZ6<[:4K%PRI5ZANP'=__?N=S[M);7FO


M[Q17:F



M1$OSE!H[/?@J-$(
'^ S3T2.


1$+3O]B:D\#ALAQ3K5J6'+*%S DC/ $

M-\!


MAG-C&IQVC&]9=K]RHL72=9R9T*9_N6%FOAA0V@WF^5R8KE--K(/Z&V3P#U!+


PV

6 E4
M[:2
%UBJ*=_9HN2 $P

 N




M;'I@DFG0RCZA^MHWDJM=HG R_

U*TI&@4J!6-K9




0'



M2P

M-J/]][.3D-(N



M QYRV(NC
@!^ _#/!00-(*B<J:54/D1$DOF4


M+^CATY83B5)(@)






M8


M;(V6VT[C

M5ZQ=N1% \MI4


0


FD$[CI8WI=%
:XV'[/?K/FEVS+(F$
M&\[^T5P54V?DH!Q69
O4/=_]@I8'FW@99[+^1;M6ZSDHVTK%R]:L
RAIU?R3
M?5N' X
??6((6D/P74/8&L+O&J+6$-65:5#J.J1$D=E$\!T21JVCF49=S-JM


M012MUHAQ::U($P/7
AWJ@\888<1

M


!D#

M81Q%L[ AM U6SMV(U8+?E



@9 N)5I]0


!
)L&:-//$NJR58&P

M=F5QC)-QZH0GU[-Y&^FO;4=;B1ALM5UTF6L'HGMN=!W%]_;&ON=*%R#;K/43
4U?[XL9TT@3HQ::<OD
OYCL\MYSMV
M?T/9(U\1(L!S%


M\0. +8J @#H+H +P-X=0&M#-J_ S@%\7T
X [;J 3@;HO 9X%8!N!NCJ

3@8443CN
Y[SMKJYT.+-LI6&Z
M$JI8Z6S-F@!V3@!RD5L']GAWY*X3RW$CZVPV^Q7-V#E?!S.WQ,9E;X16TX
M[)7 +^O#NR7PJT.^;P'TRQ9W9+7D)8/RDD%:7:MW1VC

L!

0+\$(



J*7&]$[G-YKSA

MS_XE[)D!W8)KW0_M
*-


M:/BDIZBWCW!H9U=BIY&Z ]
%
MD!MBI)%16M']E;O^+S@LYS+]\Z3F:K[/*2

M;^&6 A\SO $/JO)N*(YK5771[]''; .&R-P'0#GT&+
1
N?\EFOL1Z]*U/F6


M2EUR=L[YU


+=+7C7)H6B8$V

4U

IQ;;?6X#.9:OW@C4_%


HXQ/X9VZPC2I-7?
M(6CT9GB:-

*UTQ038V$@^_(





=EBV8*I!<-7_VTOIP!$BO3@#2%I#^QB? (Q:0' N;BH+LE;

Z!J

SM


23MCTL!W=8+O


MVDCFT#05M8T!5@:0%#2-XPF5C*LHSX)O9?)
TLNDUN%F,?'P)^<FCMP9GX
M2C9:/WKC2SF+8B\(!!3.,S!\/<$A/!$*.-WSQD-*3WP\+QG_Q1JQUHVS
)
MBU^\=/4L^A1$K9L)]R];C]#7\^5YRNTL.%)VCXVCDBQLT[+'HP*)%?=FSWW
M?3@ ))



MKFOCX!WV\3:

M.
GA6.._!HP/P/NMQOGK#9]@^'OE?P%02P
$%     @ 4X%64M3](-.= @



M+F 8A+;
,Y.L:%/2& Q\4<CH].X BX@A^5;BQ=8_/8D0K/)2XZQM.6<7J \2%
M.^)66?BL2BS? L0DO\]!^IJ#:?HAXAR+
Q@./D&:I



MQ[$GXXU4K[H$
.2MXD)/O-*8^MKW]:*$BNHK68/ F:54%37852M?UPIHX405
M]Z
@2/R*



YE*^VLY=
?$
M:P@X+(R-0/&UAEO@W 9&__:F%Z'M





:=*S!*5;4Q]JI

YA
M*T71ATT.L-$H3?JQHPX[^A+[+ WEA+MC7M.MNQI][-$!.TNB43\[[=CIEVQ[
S@_J2#[/^/X._5*EOV'ZA:,:&1L$19<#5O=J5TEW'R-J5K[DT6 Q=

$%     @ 4X%64IC9_KQH @  ]@4

_V[^-LWV4[J5YU
M!6#(6\V%GGB5
9M;W]=%!375UW(# E=64M748*C6OMXHH*4#U=R/@B#Q:\J$
MEV=N[E'EF6P



N2:IA)_H.5IIIX-QXI844;;I[D[@MT

ML091


MXF/F??I1GW[D:.
3M

M:Q0&R;!6W&O%Y[1&0UKQL584CH:UQKW6^)Q6/*0U/M**TYL36DFOE9S3&KOG
MN82]%.60;'(DFX8G;B[M5=/_JCY+@V_\GHIF92M 85TX$PM06U;8Z$]%#+[M



2YX;6S57&MOI#H2_2M6:U;*2+G=8)X]
MRD3*HY/)'642Y35:K?8#:9QN-#3T-2:/J_WQ:QL:0P/&V4 F.Q\F#;A



M@*6JDIT+V*H3B[@J JXN8K*C#-!::J KJV\9RF+%(X.PNZ+$IXB!U[Q-O?



TX1V1$]]8L?G01C2YRG9FQ!J E-D



MDX[B%5/?X^E)R2YP_P(:37_R

$C


S]C9%Y
MBN




MG'%;!(C\0G]C@O$CCA[I@

4 5=H'B^B

PQEE]_0W_



M8B68!8U#=1H?'N8ZQ[IC?5KYUX*Y8%S8P;B*F!\M _0 1.5S\?! Q=30%=0)

\+?
M,KQF6EEE$FM^$ Q!PX:<AM50&R#M-03+&NI5]CNBG6M5R1G@V&X!7!R(2?D



$+(E)^3!LM/\OI4(

M


KW61W*%



V
M#




MLZOR:!2]%21G9I^E06 N7

%#PC
-/(M?7UW HY'1
_R\

GC*

%5T



-=-U& MB39%<Y974A8R=6,KY<*EQR.N,(XA1TF(Q@RY,-VE@V0HZ.,] +
M@Z MAG6=8O]=H2KW-#Y/R,7/&WND.CV[CZM4&-!&.VQQLY3K+M.O8%ZKP1O

GE;K2B^_.


$

O9XL&/\2:P0)?S.TEP












M



M:&5E='








W%UCUC@\E;BF]Z*I_G.X[3S4&<9H5WAI&\FX 5P#<5
MZ(^


^+@JJ7(7*Y[ =1\-IPPR93

\F_
ML]Q

M(2)P#!=/

*LPI\6(+'
M6\C&*ZD,%,-%R+'_+U :%VHK8A?K1C&.Q7/,6M $AU!3&+R4+04ZI0E\\=


= ^




7R7)\+X-ZU9QNX.'U2_0_\^1M
H]
X[5
_^6)

M0-@T@)8#:
Y=3)13WC##9A


M0 *XA


SC]QOB-TAR=G?_H
_AVRUF
MCZC^:YFH7TW4;YUHSNQZQ AG7)0YG


MW'[?)$TNW\'+2&TCI)./=%^\Z&CQ@H;



$

\;PU&A9CCW(T%&N=\AP?):AU
MEC&Y'V


M?XS\M@$4*[YRW*JC-A@I

P/;4RQHN-LRF<!4B_@9
MOJR


+\V^?\CH[?B(LNX/JO]SM1WZW5=]]#O9VDZSO=9O5V'*EHQD47
M]O

 )T;RO<,KPWNG_]CX
M I/GM)M#Z (N<,+ %D/^T8O)MT<1V[TUBOS@0!K\3W%T@;AWUOV3\C*_]![

MVS 
_BNZ' ]PQTB3%L:X-G=MPVY[8.M1V)[=1&T\'+NSE1;^_60G=!U'&2^Q



_OGH)VU+(3#J5$_94G5*+J
MH
Q$4C2-3=V.H):Z7<5CEX<]0')Q )!V




RU_\$W&?DCN%
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#4Y+GAM;+5636_;.!3\*X1.+;)/FE+

D#-\$CG;




NAP..'D!'J-&0
MD)P@Q!TA?B\AZ0B)2Z:UXG)8,L,6,R7W1%DTJMF&].QT3X7=MM71N%3CCRS


IJP*!

MTQ(
XY7^C/K:CNB9;]M7;.?=\ZN6V?16=A1.ZD


?S[
XA@73J=!DM*WN.6(7I0FB.UQ;]PEO;OD



LSZ

7+GCL2U
M-'C NF:)=R90%H#/-Q*/Q:YC)^AO88O_ 5!+ P04     !3@592?E^$E8H




M1PC=AM!]+Z'7$'J^

3T;[3/IVOYH-=XRY-G1
M5V6!Q GY2![ 



9






C@WOC7L5;JK;




$



MLM_HD
2G0K(X!RL%<9@<_]+GO! 5 
-^05+MH
M03OCZ]3P3;,N S_M %J$X@G]/H-X!?P/] ]:P!Z2%- $$G^KUFCYT*A4VCH

MR&=K-*-_
E7)O*07


3!PG&?2*#'H_=A*HAY\3J+:OR?RX

68<U4%D#.)

@




&UO^)D.8:4(()(&PS7;W60$1


SY7E06F_[WR






M0




%.[F
M(N?.62:DWDF7I<B)/D:4]1:+BG-K+MH+X[-/75#L:Q/EQQ'4I@GR? J4B;CS
MD@2H:6BB@B0&H%LDIM 'G1TA_D(_ *;&6!&T ( N311-8/?OD= #H$G,6T!

M'D#)HC1&\P=R%LY-!$!9$/3-TB

M)$RI

%+=+6
D$Q-I9HH1*DFR%0JYLY4
@;D/






& UB5G;



4727X3M


&-G]CP+



I^DH]P02K

F30R_UXU1F\#87D49IY9@*,$W:%EMX!?F%
_\-)BB









2A8DEVM5P(3'&]3S)6/R91%_3
L_ /?^

MEEMKVS 4Q[^*4



)I6*
I%/W.76(7,&3 :T)B_ M872IJ!V5
M$D[9QH6G-K23JDS9$QI0(;*9]

)

M0W'((+5R%


P6


M 5!+ P04     !3@592EXJ[',     3 @  P   %]R96QS+RYR96QSG9*Y
M;L


P[PS=)_
O?S##5%Y4HCE5L:

EC'%B


V$$!_A?#3%FAKZYH+X@#9Q&T#;+-NDNYK04MT3*Q$
M.B25RWY]AU2-4(DYZ(NI)UL2+1^--#Q#4F?/4GU?2?F=O+2-T//)QICMZ72J
MJPUKJ?Y5;IF (VNI6FI@4SU
]58Q6NL-8Z9MINEL5DY;RL7D_&QWKJ6:^AO2
ML


MSD^!\8E!XWZK


E& @2N1;]J:MO5+XZ^NZ
MOVH#N%X



@

KI\]C$QHR11E&*=
MLJ!*0


)TD


*VD



?UD4?03L.00$U-0%F-\$^S;
Q\3G4
;54&YCXDI*!M#


PT)!3+][SS$+Y3$L%,0L?$S,0GD,P4Q2Q\3LU ^ZECHR
?$+)3'L% 0



OZ<CI?
MV73#L1W/RV&;^G;]WFY+TN4RI^%V1O/\=#MS\?K9E_^9V&TV^W7YV:U_'\MI
M_

M'V009/



M




6M0MG:4/&ODSH5[X/V)][6)/W=46C1^/CO6G3+K9I6(C;
MAD)^O




              ( !RP$  'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE
2YX;6Q0
M2P$% ,4     !3@592=!5QFJH%  I%P  &               @($,
&UL4$L! A0#%     @ 4X%64O)LN<T-





&UL4$L! A0#
M%     @ 4X%64EE=!VSF @  508  !@              (!/34  'AL+W=O



M2P$% ,4     !3@592/R



M




  (L'   9



4     !3@592P1_CD)P&  [

M;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( %.!5E(8^(0CT@



M971S+W-H965T


M% 
&UL4$L! A0#%     @ 4X%64C.&]!FZ @  C 4  !D              (!




M:&5E='




&PO=V]R

T+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( %.!5E(7)ZT K (  &4'




M=#

M='



  (L+   9               @?RV  !X;]W


4     !3@5922F#R,!D#    @  &0              @(%J

3 @  1 <  !D
M     (!^\4  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='

T  'AL


4     !3@592+6C%IY(



O

2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     !3@592;H63% T$  #8#@  &0

M   ( %.!5E+5?&\EL@
  &X-   9               @5/D  !X;]W;W)K








  )$)   9



M970V
RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     !3@5922/_CG&$$   
%@  &0

M %.!5E*5.8A62P(  +@+   -                841 0!X;]S='EL97
N

M^Q

*KQ

end








// Edgar(tm) Renderer was created by staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  Data and content created by government employees within the scope of their employment are not subject to domestic copyright protection. 17 U.S.C. 105.
var Show={};Show.LastAR=null
Show.showAR=function(a
r
w){if(Show.LastAR)Show.hideAR();var e=a;while(e&&e.nodeName!='TABLE')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e||e.nodeName!='TABLE'){var ref=((window)?w.document:document).getElementById(r);if(ref){e=ref.cloneNode(!0);
e.removeAttribute('id');a.parentNode.appendChild(e)}}
if(e)e.style.display='block';Show.LastAR=e};Show.hideAR=function(){Show.LastAR.style.display='none'};Show.toggleNext=function(a){var e=a;while(e.nodeName!='DIV')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e.style){}else if(!e.style.display){}else{var d
p_;if(e.style.display=='none'){d='block';p='-'}else{d='none';p='+'}
e.style.display=d;if(a.textContent){a.textContent=p+a.textContent.substring(1)}else{a.innerText=p+a.innerText.substring(1)}}}








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      

 Plant and Equipment - Summary of Property

      
      

 Plant and Equipment - Summary of Property

      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    

  
  










{
 instance: {
  frpt20201231b_10k.htm: {
   axisCustom: 0
   axisStandard: 22
   contextCount: 226
   dts: {
    calculationLink: {
     local: [
      frpt-20201231_cal.xml
     ]
    }
    definitionLink: {
     local: [
      frpt-20201231_def.xml
     ]
     remote: [
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2020/elts/us-gaap-eedm-def-2020-01-31.xml
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2020/elts/srt-eedm1-def-2020-01-31.xml
     ]
    }
    inline: {
     local: [
      frpt20201231b_10k.htm
     ]
    }
    labelLink: {
     local: [
      frpt-20201231_lab.xml
     ]
     remote: [
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2020/elts/srt-doc-2020-01-31.xml
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2020/elts/us-gaap-doc-2020-01-31.xml
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019/dei-doc-2019-01-31.xml
     ]
    }
    presentationLink: {
     local: [
      frpt-20201231_pre.xml
     ]
    }
    referenceLink: {
     remote: [
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2020/elts/us-gaap-ref-2020-01-31.xml
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2020/elts/srt-ref-2020-01-31.xml
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019/dei-ref-2019-01-31.xml
     ]
    }
    schema: {
     local: [
      frpt-20201231.xsd
     ]
     remote: [
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/sic/2020/sic-2020-01-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-instance-2003-12-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xl-2003-12-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xlink-2003-12-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/nonNumeric-2009-12-16.xsd
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/exch/2020/exch-2020-01-31.xsd
      http://xbrl.sec.gov/naics/2011/naics-2011-01-31.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2020/elts/us-gaap-2020-01-31.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2020/elts/us-roles-2020-01-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt-2005.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2020/elts/srt-2020-01-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/numeric-2009-12-16.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2006/ref-2006-02-27.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2020/elts/srt-types-2020-01-31.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2020/elts/srt-roles-2020-01-31.xsd
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2020/country-2020-01-31.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2020/elts/us-types-2020-01-31.xsd
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/stpr/2018/stpr-2018-01-31.xsd
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/currency/2020/currency-2020-01-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/negated-2009-12-16.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/net-2009-12-16.xsd
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019/dei-2019-01-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/reference-2009-12-16.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2020/elts/us-parts-codification-2020-01-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/deprecated-2009-12-16.xsd
     ]
    }
   }
   elementCount: 498
   entityCount: 1
   hidden: {
    http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31: 33
    http://freshpet.com/20201231: 15
    http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31: 6
    total: 54
   }
   keyCustom: 37
   keyStandard: 357
   memberCustom: 23
   memberStandard: 40
   nsprefix: frpt
   nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
   report: {
    R1: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       b
       p
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: dei:DocumentType
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: document
     isDefault: true
     longName: 000 - Document - Document And Entity Information
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     shortName: Document And Entity Information
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       b
       p
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: dei:DocumentType
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R10: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 009 - Disclosure - Note 4 - Property, Plant and Equipment
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment
     shortName: Note 4 - Property, Plant and Equipment
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R11: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:EquityMethodInvestmentsDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 010 - Disclosure - Note 5 - Equity Method Investment
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-5-equity-method-investment
     shortName: Note 5 - Equity Method Investment
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:EquityMethodInvestmentsDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R12: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 011 - Disclosure - Note 6 - Income Taxes
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes
     shortName: Note 6 - Income Taxes
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R13: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:AccountsPayableAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesDisclosureCurrentTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 012 - Disclosure - Note 7 - Accrued Expenses
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-7-accrued-expenses
     shortName: Note 7 - Accrued Expenses
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:AccountsPayableAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesDisclosureCurrentTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R14: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DebtDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 013 - Disclosure - Note 8 - Debt
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt
     shortName: Note 8 - Debt
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DebtDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R15: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 014 - Disclosure - Note 9 - Commitments and Contingencies
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies
     shortName: Note 9 - Commitments and Contingencies
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R16: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 015 - Disclosure - Note 10 - Equity Incentive Plans and Equity
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-
     shortName: Note 10 - Equity Incentive Plans and Equity
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R17: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 016 - Disclosure - Note 11 - Earnings Per Share Attributable to Common Stockholder
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-11-earnings-per-share-attributable-to-common-stockholder
     shortName: Note 11 - Earnings Per Share Attributable to Common Stockholder
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R18: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:CompensationAndEmployeeBenefitPlansOtherThanShareBasedCompensationTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 017 - Disclosure - Note 12 - Retirement Plan
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-12-retirement-plan
     shortName: Note 12 - Retirement Plan
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:CompensationAndEmployeeBenefitPlansOtherThanShareBasedCompensationTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R19: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 018 - Disclosure - Note 13 - Related Party Transactions
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-13-related-party-transactions
     shortName: Note 13 - Related Party Transactions
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R2: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: i_2020-12-31
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 001 - Statement - Consolidated Balance Sheets
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-
     shortName: Consolidated Balance Sheets
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: i_2020-12-31
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R20: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ConcentrationRiskDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 019 - Disclosure - Note 14 - Concentrations
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations
     shortName: Note 14 - Concentrations
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ConcentrationRiskDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R21: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 020 - Disclosure - Note 15 - Unaudited Quarterly Results
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-15-unaudited-quarterly-results
     shortName: Note 15 - Unaudited Quarterly Results
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R22: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:SubsequentEventsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 021 - Disclosure - Note 16 - Subsequent Events
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-
     shortName: Note 16 - Subsequent Events
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:SubsequentEventsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R23: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:OrganizationConsolidationBasisOfPresentationBusinessDescriptionAndAccountingPoliciesTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: frpt:NatureOfTheBusinessPolicyTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 022 - Disclosure - Significant Accounting Policies (Policies)
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     shortName: Significant Accounting Policies (Policies)
     subGroupType: policies
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:OrganizationConsolidationBasisOfPresentationBusinessDescriptionAndAccountingPoliciesTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: frpt:NatureOfTheBusinessPolicyTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R24: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerPolicyTextBlock
       us-gaap:OrganizationConsolidationBasisOfPresentationBusinessDescriptionAndAccountingPoliciesTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DisaggregationOfRevenueTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 023 - Disclosure - Note 1 - Nature of the Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Tables)
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-tables
     shortName: Note 1 - Nature of the Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerPolicyTextBlock
       us-gaap:OrganizationConsolidationBasisOfPresentationBusinessDescriptionAndAccountingPoliciesTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DisaggregationOfRevenueTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R25: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:InventoryDisclosureTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 024 - Disclosure - Note 3 - Inventories (Tables)
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-3-inventories-tables
     shortName: Note 3 - Inventories (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:InventoryDisclosureTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R26: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 025 - Disclosure - Note 4 - Property, Plant and Equipment (Tables)
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment-tables
     shortName: Note 4 - Property, Plant and Equipment (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R27: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 026 - Disclosure - Note 6 - Income Taxes (Tables)
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-tables
     shortName: Note 6 - Income Taxes (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R28: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:AccountsPayableAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesDisclosureCurrentTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 027 - Disclosure - Note 7 - Accrued Expenses (Tables)
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-7-accrued-expenses-tables
     shortName: Note 7 - Accrued Expenses (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:AccountsPayableAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesDisclosureCurrentTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R29: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 028 - Disclosure - Note 9 - Commitments and Contingencies (Tables)
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-tables
     shortName: Note 9 - Commitments and Contingencies (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R3: {
     firstAnchor: null
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 002 - Statement - Consolidated Balance Sheets (Parentheticals)
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-parentheticals
     shortName: Consolidated Balance Sheets (Parentheticals)
     subGroupType: parenthetical
     uniqueAnchor: null
    }
    R30: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationRestrictedStockUnitsAwardActivityTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 029 - Disclosure - Note 10 - Equity Incentive Plans and Equity (Tables)
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-tables
     shortName: Note 10 - Equity Incentive Plans and Equity (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationRestrictedStockUnitsAwardActivityTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R31: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 030 - Disclosure - Note 11 - Earnings Per Share Attributable to Common Stockholder (Tables)
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-11-earnings-per-share-attributable-to-common-stockholder-tables
     shortName: Note 11 - Earnings Per Share Attributable to Common Stockholder (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R32: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 031 - Disclosure - Note 15 - Unaudited Quarterly Results (Tables)
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-15-unaudited-quarterly-results-tables
     shortName: Note 15 - Unaudited Quarterly Results (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R33: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:PaymentsRelatedToTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 032 - Disclosure - Note 1 - Nature of the Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Details Textual)
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     shortName: Note 1 - Nature of the Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Details Textual)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p
       us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerPolicyTextBlock
       us-gaap:OrganizationConsolidationBasisOfPresentationBusinessDescriptionAndAccountingPoliciesTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: i_2020-12-31
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ContractWithCustomerAssetNet
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R34: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-10-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 033 - Disclosure - Note 1 - Nature of the Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Net Sales by Class of Retailer (Details)
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-net-sales-by-class-of-retailer-details
     shortName: Note 1 - Nature of the Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Net Sales by Class of Retailer (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       us-gaap:DisaggregationOfRevenueTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerPolicyTextBlock
       us-gaap:OrganizationConsolidationBasisOfPresentationBusinessDescriptionAndAccountingPoliciesTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31_ProductOrServiceAxis-GroceryIncludingOnlineMassAndClubMember
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R35: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:InventoryDisclosureTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: i_2020-12-31
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:InventoryWorkInProcessAndRawMaterials
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 034 - Disclosure - Note 3 - Inventories - Summary of Inventories (Details)
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-3-inventories-summary-of-inventories-details
     shortName: Note 3 - Inventories - Summary of Inventories (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:InventoryDisclosureTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: i_2020-12-31
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:InventoryWorkInProcessAndRawMaterials
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R36: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 035 - Disclosure - Note 4 - Property, Plant and Equipment (Details Textual)
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment-details-textual
     shortName: Note 4 - Property, Plant and Equipment (Details Textual)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R37: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: i_2020-12-31
      decimals: -4
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 036 - Disclosure - Note 4 - Property, Plant and Equipment - Summary of Property, Plant and Equipment (Details)
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment-summary-of-property-plant-and-equipment-details
     shortName: Note 4 - Property, Plant and Equipment - Summary of Property, Plant and Equipment (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: i_2020-12-31
      decimals: -4
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R38: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:PaymentsToAcquireEquityMethodInvestments
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 037 - Disclosure - Note 5 - Equity Method Investment (Details Textual)
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-5-equity-method-investment-details-textual
     shortName: Note 5 - Equity Method Investment (Details Textual)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p
       us-gaap:EquityMethodInvestmentsDisclosureTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R39: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p
       us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: i_2020-12-31_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis-DomesticCountryMember
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLossCarryforwards
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 038 - Disclosure - Note 6 - Income Taxes (Details Textual)
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-details-textual
     shortName: Note 6 - Income Taxes (Details Textual)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p
       us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: i_2020-12-31_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis-DomesticCountryMember
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLossCarryforwards
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R4: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: -4
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 003 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-operations-and-comprehensive-loss
     shortName: Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: -4
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:GrossProfit
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R40: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 039 - Disclosure - Note 6 - Income Taxes - Components of Income Tax Expense Benefit (Details)
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-components-of-income-tax-expense-benefit-details
     shortName: Note 6 - Income Taxes - Components of Income Tax Expense Benefit (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R41: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: 2
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Pure
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 040 - Disclosure - Note 6 - Income Taxes - Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation (Details)
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-effective-income-tax-rate-reconciliation-details
     shortName: Note 6 - Income Taxes - Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: 2
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Pure
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R42: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: i_2020-12-31
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 041 - Disclosure - Note 6 - Income Taxes - Deferred Tax Assets And Liabilities (Details)
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-deferred-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details
     shortName: Note 6 - Income Taxes - Deferred Tax Assets And Liabilities (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: i_2020-12-31
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R43: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:AccountsPayableAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesDisclosureCurrentTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: i_2020-12-31
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: frpt:AccruedLegalContingenciesCurrent
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 042 - Disclosure - Note 7 - Accrued Expenses - Summary of Accrued Expenses (Details)
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-7-accrued-expenses-summary-of-accrued-expenses-details
     shortName: Note 7 - Accrued Expenses - Summary of Accrued Expenses (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:AccountsPayableAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesDisclosureCurrentTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: i_2020-12-31
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: frpt:AccruedLegalContingenciesCurrent
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R44: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 043 - Disclosure - Note 8 - Debt (Details Textual)
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt-details-textual
     shortName: Note 8 - Debt (Details Textual)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p
       us-gaap:DebtDisclosureTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: -5
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:InterestExpenseDebt
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R45: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p
       us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2018-01-01_2018-12-31
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:LeaseAndRentalExpense
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 044 - Disclosure - Note 9 - Commitments and Contingencies (Details Textual)
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-details-textual
     shortName: Note 9 - Commitments and Contingencies (Details Textual)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p
       us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2018-01-01_2018-12-31
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:LeaseAndRentalExpense
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R46: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       us-gaap:OperatingLeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock
       us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: i_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 045 - Disclosure - Note 9 - Commitments and Contingencies - Operating Leases Of Lessee Disclosure (Details)
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-operating-leases-of-lessee-disclosure-details
     shortName: Note 9 - Commitments and Contingencies - Operating Leases Of Lessee Disclosure (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       us-gaap:OperatingLeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock
       us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: i_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R47: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       us-gaap:LeaseCostTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeaseCost
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 046 - Disclosure - Note 9 - Commitments and Contingencies - Lease Cost (Details)
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-lease-cost-details
     shortName: Note 9 - Commitments and Contingencies - Lease Cost (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       us-gaap:LeaseCostTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeaseCost
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R48: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       frpt:ScheduleOfSupplementalCashFlowInformationRelatedToLeasesTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeasePayments
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 047 - Disclosure - Note 9 - Commitments and Contingencies - Supplemental Cash Flow Information Related to Leases (Details)
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-supplemental-cash-flow-information-related-to-leases-details
     shortName: Note 9 - Commitments and Contingencies - Supplemental Cash Flow Information Related to Leases (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       frpt:ScheduleOfSupplementalCashFlowInformationRelatedToLeasesTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeasePayments
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R49: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: i_2020-12-31
      decimals: -4
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 048 - Disclosure - Note 9 - Commitments and Contingencies - Lessee Operating Lease Liability Maturity (Details)
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-lessee-operating-lease-liability-maturity-details
     shortName: Note 9 - Commitments and Contingencies - Lessee Operating Lease Liability Maturity (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: i_2020-12-31
      decimals: -4
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R5: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: i_2017-12-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-CommonStockMember
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:SharesOutstanding
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Share
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 004 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-changes-in-stockholders-equity
     shortName: Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: i_2017-12-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-CommonStockMember
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:SharesOutstanding
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Share
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R50: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       srt:ContractualObligationFiscalYearMaturityScheduleTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: i_2020-12-31
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ContractualObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 049 - Disclosure - Note 9 - Commitments and Contingencies - Contractual Obligation Fiscal Year Maturity Schedule (Details)
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-contractual-obligation-fiscal-year-maturity-schedule-details
     shortName: Note 9 - Commitments and Contingencies - Contractual Obligation Fiscal Year Maturity Schedule (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       srt:ContractualObligationFiscalYearMaturityScheduleTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: i_2020-12-31
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ContractualObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R51: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p
       us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 050 - Disclosure - Note 10 - Equity Incentive Plans and Equity (Details Textual)
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
     shortName: Note 10 - Equity Incentive Plans and Equity (Details Textual)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p
       us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R52: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: i_2019-12-31_AwardTypeAxis-ServicePeriodStockOptionsMember
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Share
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 051 - Disclosure - Note 10 - Equity Incentive Plans and Equity - Stock Options Activity (Details)
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-stock-options-activity-details
     shortName: Note 10 - Equity Incentive Plans and Equity - Stock Options Activity (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: i_2019-12-31_AwardTypeAxis-ServicePeriodStockOptionsMember
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Share
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R53: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p
       us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: USDPerShare
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 052 - Disclosure - Note 10 - Equity Incentive Plans and Equity - Nonvested Stock Options Activity (Details)
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-nonvested-stock-options-activity-details
     shortName: Note 10 - Equity Incentive Plans and Equity - Nonvested Stock Options Activity (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfNonvestedShareActivityTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31_AwardTypeAxis-ServicePeriodStockOptionsMember
      decimals: INF
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedNumberOfShares
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Share
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R54: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationPerformanceSharesAwardOutstandingActivityTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: i_2019-12-31_AwardTypeAxis-PerformanceSharesMember
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: frpt:SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsOutstandingNumber
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Share
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 053 - Disclosure - Note 10 - Equity Incentive Plans and Equity - Share Based Compensation Performance Shares Award Outstanding (Details)
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-share-based-compensation-performance-shares-award-outstanding-details
     shortName: Note 10 - Equity Incentive Plans and Equity - Share Based Compensation Performance Shares Award Outstanding (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationPerformanceSharesAwardOutstandingActivityTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: i_2019-12-31_AwardTypeAxis-PerformanceSharesMember
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: frpt:SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsOutstandingNumber
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Share
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R55: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfNonvestedPerformanceBasedUnitsActivityTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: i_2019-12-31_AwardTypeAxis-PerformanceStockOptionsMember
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Share
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 054 - Disclosure - Note 10 - Equity Incentive Plans and Equity - Nonvested Performance Based Units Activity (Details)
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-nonvested-performance-based-units-activity-details
     shortName: Note 10 - Equity Incentive Plans and Equity - Nonvested Performance Based Units Activity (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfNonvestedPerformanceBasedUnitsActivityTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: i_2019-12-31_AwardTypeAxis-PerformanceStockOptionsMember
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Share
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R56: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationRestrictedStockUnitsAwardActivityTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: i_2019-12-31_AwardTypeAxis-RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Share
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 055 - Disclosure - Note 10 - Equity Incentive Plans and Equity - Restricted Stock Units Award Activity (Details)
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-restricted-stock-units-award-activity-details
     shortName: Note 10 - Equity Incentive Plans and Equity - Restricted Stock Units Award Activity (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationRestrictedStockUnitsAwardActivityTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: i_2019-12-31_AwardTypeAxis-RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Share
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R57: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31_AwardTypeAxis-EmployeeStockOptionMember
      decimals: 3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRateMinimum
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Pure
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 056 - Disclosure - Note 10 - Equity Incentive Plans and Equity - Schedule Of Share Based Payment Award Stock Options Valuation Assumptions (Details)
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-schedule-of-share-based-payment-award-stock-options-valuation-assumptions-details
     shortName: Note 10 - Equity Incentive Plans and Equity - Schedule Of Share Based Payment Award Stock Options Valuation Assumptions (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31_AwardTypeAxis-EmployeeStockOptionMember
      decimals: 3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRateMinimum
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Pure
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R58: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p
       us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:PreferredStockDividendsAndOtherAdjustments
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 057 - Disclosure - Note 11 - Earnings Per Share Attributable to Common Stockholder (Details Textual)
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-11-earnings-per-share-attributable-to-common-stockholder-details-textual
     shortName: Note 11 - Earnings Per Share Attributable to Common Stockholder (Details Textual)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p
       us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:PreferredStockDividendsAndOtherAdjustments
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R59: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTextBlock
       us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Share
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 058 - Disclosure - Note 11 - Earnings Per Share Attributable to Common Stockholder - Schedule of Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share (Details)
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-11-earnings-per-share-attributable-to-common-stockholder-schedule-of-antidilutive-securities-excluded-from-computation-of-earnings-per-share-details
     shortName: Note 11 - Earnings Per Share Attributable to Common Stockholder - Schedule of Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTextBlock
       us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Share
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R6: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:NetIncomeLoss
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 005 - Statement - Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows
     shortName: Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R60: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p
       us-gaap:CompensationAndEmployeeBenefitPlansOtherThanShareBasedCompensationTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionAmount
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 059 - Disclosure - Note 12 - Retirement Plan (Details Textual)
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-12-retirement-plan-details-textual
     shortName: Note 12 - Retirement Plan (Details Textual)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p
       us-gaap:CompensationAndEmployeeBenefitPlansOtherThanShareBasedCompensationTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionAmount
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R61: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p
       us-gaap:RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2019-06-10_2019-06-10
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: frpt:OwnershipInterestSharesSoldByRelatedPartyEntity
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Share
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 060 - Disclosure - Note 13 - Related Party Transactions (Details Textual)
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-13-related-party-transactions-details-textual
     shortName: Note 13 - Related Party Transactions (Details Textual)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p
       us-gaap:RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2019-06-10_2019-06-10
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: frpt:OwnershipInterestSharesSoldByRelatedPartyEntity
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Share
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R62: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p
       us-gaap:ConcentrationRiskDisclosureTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2019-01-01_2019-12-31_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis-SalesRevenueNetMember_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis-CustomerConcentrationRiskMember
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: frpt:NumberOfMajorCustomers
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Pure
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 061 - Disclosure - Note 14 - Concentrations (Details Textual)
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations-details-textual
     shortName: Note 14 - Concentrations (Details Textual)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p
       us-gaap:ConcentrationRiskDisclosureTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2019-01-01_2019-12-31_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis-SalesRevenueNetMember_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis-CustomerConcentrationRiskMember
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: frpt:NumberOfMajorCustomers
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Pure
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R63: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-10-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 062 - Disclosure - Note 15 - Unaudited Quarterly Results - Schedule of Quarterly Financial Information (Details)
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-15-unaudited-quarterly-results-schedule-of-quarterly-financial-information-details
     shortName: Note 15 - Unaudited Quarterly Results - Schedule of Quarterly Financial Information (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       tbody
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-10-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:OperatingIncomeLoss
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R64: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p
       us-gaap:DebtDisclosureTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: i_2020-04-17_DebtInstrumentAxis-CreditFacilityMember
      decimals: -6
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: frpt:DebtAgreementMaximumBorrowingCapacity
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 063 - Disclosure - Note 16 - Subsequent Events (Details Textual)
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-details-textual
     shortName: Note 16 - Subsequent Events (Details Textual)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       p
       us-gaap:SubsequentEventsTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: i_2021-02-19_DebtInstrumentAxis-CreditFacilityMember_SubsequentEventTypeAxis-SubsequentEventMember
      decimals: -7
      lang: null
      name: frpt:DebtAgreementMaximumBorrowingCapacity
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R7: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:OrganizationConsolidationBasisOfPresentationBusinessDescriptionAndAccountingPoliciesTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 006 - Disclosure - Note 1 - Nature of the Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies
     shortName: Note 1 - Nature of the Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:OrganizationConsolidationBasisOfPresentationBusinessDescriptionAndAccountingPoliciesTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R8: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:NewAccountingPronouncementsAndChangesInAccountingPrinciplesTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 007 - Disclosure - Note 2 - Recently Issued Accounting Standards
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-2-recently-issued-accounting-standards
     shortName: Note 2 - Recently Issued Accounting Standards
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:NewAccountingPronouncementsAndChangesInAccountingPrinciplesTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R9: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:InventoryDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 008 - Disclosure - Note 3 - Inventories
     role: http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-3-inventories
     shortName: Note 3 - Inventories
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: frpt20201231b_10k.htm
      contextRef: d_2020-01-01_2020-12-31
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:InventoryDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
   }
   segmentCount: 67
   tag: {
    dei_AmendmentFlag: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.
        label: Amendment Flag
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AmendmentFlag
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_CityAreaCode: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Area code of city
        label: City Area Code
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CityAreaCode
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ]
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    }
    dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.
        label: Current Fiscal Year End Date
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CurrentFiscalYearEndDate
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ]
     xbrltype: gMonthDayItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentAnnualReport: {
     auth_ref: [
      r470
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true only for a form used as an annual report.
        label: Document Annual Report
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentAnnualReport
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fiscal period values are FY, Q1, Q2, and Q3.  1st, 2nd and 3rd quarter 10-Q or 10-QT statements have value Q1, Q2, and Q3 respectively, with 10-K, 10-KT or other fiscal year statements having FY.
        label: Document Fiscal Period Focus
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ]
     xbrltype: fiscalPeriodItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report, which may also provide financial information from prior periods, fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
        label: Document Fiscal Year Focus
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentFiscalYearFocus
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ]
     xbrltype: gYearItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentInformationLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Document Information [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentInformationLineItems
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentInformationTable: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Container to support the formal attachment of each official or unofficial, public or private document as part of a submission package.
        label: Document Information [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentInformationTable
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data, it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report, use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
        label: Document Period End Date
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentPeriodEndDate
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ]
     xbrltype: dateItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentTransitionReport: {
     auth_ref: [
      r469
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true only for a form used as a transition report.
        label: Document Transition Report
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentTransitionReport
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentType: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.
        label: Document Type
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentType
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ]
     xbrltype: submissionTypeItemType
    }
    dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name
        label: Entity Address, Address Line One
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityAddressAddressLine1
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ]
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    }
    dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of the City or Town
        label: Entity Address, City or Town
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityAddressCityOrTown
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ]
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    }
    dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Code for the postal or zip code
        label: Entity Address, Postal Zip Code
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityAddressPostalZipCode
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ]
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    }
    dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of the state or province.
        label: Entity Address, State or Province
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityAddressStateOrProvince
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ]
     xbrltype: stateOrProvinceItemType
    }
    dei_EntityCentralIndexKey: {
     auth_ref: [
      r471
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.
        label: Entity Central Index Key
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityCentralIndexKey
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ]
     xbrltype: centralIndexKeyItemType
    }
    dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests, if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member], Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings, Instrument.
        label: Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports), and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
        label: Entity Current Reporting Status
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityCurrentReportingStatus
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ]
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    }
    dei_EntityDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: All the names of the entities being reported upon in a document. Any legal structure used to conduct activities or to hold assets. Some examples of such structures are corporations, partnerships, limited liability companies, grantor trusts, and other trusts. This item does not include business and geographical segments which are included in the geographical or business segments domains.
        label: Entity [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityDomain
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-parentheticals
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-operations-and-comprehensive-loss
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-net-sales-by-class-of-retailer-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-tables
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-nonvested-performance-based-units-activity-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-nonvested-stock-options-activity-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-restricted-stock-units-award-activity-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-schedule-of-share-based-payment-award-stock-options-valuation-assumptions-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-share-based-compensation-performance-shares-award-outstanding-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-stock-options-activity-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-tables
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-11-earnings-per-share-attributable-to-common-stockholder
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-11-earnings-per-share-attributable-to-common-stockholder-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-11-earnings-per-share-attributable-to-common-stockholder-schedule-of-antidilutive-securities-excluded-from-computation-of-earnings-per-share-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-11-earnings-per-share-attributable-to-common-stockholder-tables
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-12-retirement-plan
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-12-retirement-plan-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-13-related-party-transactions
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-13-related-party-transactions-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-15-unaudited-quarterly-results
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-15-unaudited-quarterly-results-schedule-of-quarterly-financial-information-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-15-unaudited-quarterly-results-tables
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-2-recently-issued-accounting-standards
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-3-inventories
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-3-inventories-summary-of-inventories-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-3-inventories-tables
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment-summary-of-property-plant-and-equipment-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment-tables
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-5-equity-method-investment
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-5-equity-method-investment-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-components-of-income-tax-expense-benefit-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-deferred-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-effective-income-tax-rate-reconciliation-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-tables
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-7-accrued-expenses
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-7-accrued-expenses-summary-of-accrued-expenses-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-7-accrued-expenses-tables
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-contractual-obligation-fiscal-year-maturity-schedule-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-lease-cost-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-lessee-operating-lease-liability-maturity-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-operating-leases-of-lessee-disclosure-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-supplemental-cash-flow-information-related-to-leases-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-tables
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany: {
     auth_ref: [
      r471
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.
        label: Entity Emerging Growth Company
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityEmergingGrowthCompany
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_EntityFileNumber: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.
        label: Entity File Number
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityFileNumber
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ]
     xbrltype: fileNumberItemType
    }
    dei_EntityFilerCategory: {
     auth_ref: [
      r471
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: Large Accelerated Filer, Accelerated Filer, Non-accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
        label: Entity Filer Category
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityFilerCategory
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ]
     xbrltype: filerCategoryItemType
    }
    dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.
        label: Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ]
     xbrltype: edgarStateCountryItemType
    }
    dei_EntityInteractiveDataCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r473
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true when the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
        label: Entity Interactive Data Current
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityInteractiveDataCurrent
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ]
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    }
    dei_EntityPublicFloat: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter.
        label: Entity Public Float
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityPublicFloat
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    dei_EntityRegistrantName: {
     auth_ref: [
      r471
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
        label: Entity Registrant Name
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityRegistrantName
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ]
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    }
    dei_EntityShellCompany: {
     auth_ref: [
      r471
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true when the registrant is a shell company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
        label: Entity Shell Company
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityShellCompany
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_EntitySmallBusiness: {
     auth_ref: [
      r471
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicates that the company is a Smaller Reporting Company (SRC).
        label: Entity Small Business
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntitySmallBusiness
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r471
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.
        label: Entity Tax Identification Number
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityTaxIdentificationNumber
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ]
     xbrltype: employerIdItemType
    }
    dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.
        label: Entity Voluntary Filers
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityVoluntaryFilers
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ]
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    }
    dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K, 10-Q, 8-K, 20-F, 6-K, 10-K/A, 10-Q/A, 20-F/A, 6-K/A, N-CSR, N-Q, N-1A.
        label: Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ]
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    }
    dei_LegalEntityAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The set of legal entities associated with a report.
        label: Legal Entity [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LegalEntityAxis
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-parentheticals
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-operations-and-comprehensive-loss
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-net-sales-by-class-of-retailer-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-tables
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-nonvested-performance-based-units-activity-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-nonvested-stock-options-activity-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-restricted-stock-units-award-activity-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-schedule-of-share-based-payment-award-stock-options-valuation-assumptions-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-share-based-compensation-performance-shares-award-outstanding-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-stock-options-activity-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-tables
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-11-earnings-per-share-attributable-to-common-stockholder
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-11-earnings-per-share-attributable-to-common-stockholder-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-11-earnings-per-share-attributable-to-common-stockholder-schedule-of-antidilutive-securities-excluded-from-computation-of-earnings-per-share-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-11-earnings-per-share-attributable-to-common-stockholder-tables
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-12-retirement-plan
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-12-retirement-plan-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-13-related-party-transactions
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-13-related-party-transactions-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-15-unaudited-quarterly-results
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-15-unaudited-quarterly-results-schedule-of-quarterly-financial-information-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-15-unaudited-quarterly-results-tables
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-2-recently-issued-accounting-standards
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-3-inventories
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-3-inventories-summary-of-inventories-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-3-inventories-tables
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment-summary-of-property-plant-and-equipment-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment-tables
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-5-equity-method-investment
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-5-equity-method-investment-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-components-of-income-tax-expense-benefit-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-deferred-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-effective-income-tax-rate-reconciliation-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-tables
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-7-accrued-expenses
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-7-accrued-expenses-summary-of-accrued-expenses-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-7-accrued-expenses-tables
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-contractual-obligation-fiscal-year-maturity-schedule-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-lease-cost-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-lessee-operating-lease-liability-maturity-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-operating-leases-of-lessee-disclosure-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-supplemental-cash-flow-information-related-to-leases-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-tables
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    dei_LocalPhoneNumber: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Local phone number for entity.
        label: Local Phone Number
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LocalPhoneNumber
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ]
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    }
    dei_Security12bTitle: {
     auth_ref: [
      r467
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Title of a 12(b) registered security.
        label: Title of 12(b) Security
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Security12bTitle
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ]
     xbrltype: securityTitleItemType
    }
    dei_SecurityExchangeName: {
     auth_ref: [
      r468
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.
        label: Security Exchange Name
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SecurityExchangeName
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ]
     xbrltype: edgarExchangeCodeItemType
    }
    dei_TradingSymbol: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.
        label: Trading Symbol
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TradingSymbol
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ]
     xbrltype: tradingSymbolItemType
    }
    frpt_AccruedChillerCostCurrent: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-7-accrued-expenses-summary-of-accrued-expenses-details: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable, pertaining to chiller cost. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
        label: Accrued Chiller Cost
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccruedChillerCostCurrent
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-7-accrued-expenses-summary-of-accrued-expenses-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    frpt_AccruedComputerAndITCostsCurrent: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-7-accrued-expenses-summary-of-accrued-expenses-details: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid classified as computer and IT costs, due within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Accrued IT/Systems
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccruedComputerAndITCostsCurrent
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-7-accrued-expenses-summary-of-accrued-expenses-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    frpt_AccruedFreightCurrent: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-7-accrued-expenses-summary-of-accrued-expenses-details: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable, pertaining to freight. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
        label: Accrued Freight
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccruedFreightCurrent
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-7-accrued-expenses-summary-of-accrued-expenses-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    frpt_AccruedLegalContingenciesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-7-accrued-expenses-summary-of-accrued-expenses-details: {
       order: 7.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable, pertaining to legal contingencies. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
        label: Legal Contingency
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccruedLegalContingenciesCurrent
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-7-accrued-expenses-summary-of-accrued-expenses-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    frpt_AccruedProductionExpensesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-7-accrued-expenses-summary-of-accrued-expenses-details: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable, pertaining to production expenses. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
        label: Accrued Production Expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccruedProductionExpensesCurrent
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-7-accrued-expenses-summary-of-accrued-expenses-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    frpt_AutomotiveEquipmentMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information pertaining to automotive equipment.
        label: Automotive Equipment [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AutomotiveEquipmentMember
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment-summary-of-property-plant-and-equipment-details
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    frpt_ContractualObligationToBePaidYearFiveAndThereafter: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-contractual-obligation-fiscal-year-maturity-schedule-details: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_ContractualObligation
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of contractual obligation to be paid in fifth fiscal year and thereafter following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).
        label: frpt_ContractualObligationToBePaidYearFiveAndThereafter
        terseLabel: 2025 and beyond
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ContractualObligationToBePaidYearFiveAndThereafter
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-contractual-obligation-fiscal-year-maturity-schedule-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    frpt_CreditFacilityMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information pertaining to the Credit Facility.
        label: Credit Facility [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CreditFacilityMember
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    frpt_CustomerMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information pertaining to customer one.
        label: Customer One[Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CustomerMember
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    frpt_CustomerThreeMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information pertaining to customer three.
        label: Customer Three [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CustomerThreeMember
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    frpt_CustomerTwoMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information pertaining to customer two.
        label: Customer Two [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CustomerTwoMember
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    frpt_DebtAgreementMaximumBorrowingCapacity: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Maximum borrowing capacity under a debt agreement on the amount that could be borrowed with a combination of, but not limited to, a line of credit and term loan.
        label: frpt_DebtAgreementMaximumBorrowingCapacity
        terseLabel: Debt Agreement, Maximum Borrowing Capacity
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtAgreementMaximumBorrowingCapacity
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    frpt_DebtIssuanceCostPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for debt issuance cost.
        label: Debt Issuance Cost [Policy Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtIssuanceCostPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    frpt_DepositsOnPropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Deposits that are made on property, plant and equipment, net.
        label: Deposits on equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DepositsOnPropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    frpt_DrawTermLoanMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information pertaining to the Draw Term Loan.
        label: Draw Term Loan [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DrawTermLoanMember
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    frpt_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationPermanentItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-effective-income-tax-rate-reconciliation-details: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to permanent items.
        label: Permanent items
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationPermanentItems
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-effective-income-tax-rate-reconciliation-details
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    frpt_FurnitureAndOfficeEquipmentMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information pertaining to furniture and office equipment.
        label: Furniture and Office Equipment [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FurnitureAndOfficeEquipmentMember
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment-summary-of-property-plant-and-equipment-details
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    frpt_GroceryIncludingOnlineMassAndClubMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information pertaining to grocery (including online), Mass and Club.
        label: Grocery (including Online), Mass and Club [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GroceryIncludingOnlineMassAndClubMember
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-net-sales-by-class-of-retailer-details
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    frpt_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 7.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in operating lease, right of use asset.
        label: frpt_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset
        negatedLabel: Operating lease right of use
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    frpt_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherLeaseLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 14.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in other lease liabilities.
        label: Other lease liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInOtherLeaseLiabilities
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    frpt_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityToBePaidYearFiveAndThereafter: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-lessee-operating-lease-liability-maturity-details: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for operating lease to be paid in fifth fiscal year and after the fifth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).
        label: frpt_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityToBePaidYearFiveAndThereafter
        terseLabel: 2025 and beyond
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityToBePaidYearFiveAndThereafter
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-lessee-operating-lease-liability-maturity-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    frpt_NatureOfTheBusinessPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for nature of the business.
        label: Nature of the Business [Policy Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NatureOfTheBusinessPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    frpt_NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionPropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of property, plant and equipment that an Entity acquires in a noncash (or part noncash) acquisition. Noncash is defined as information about all investing and financing activities of an enterprise during a period that affect recognized assets or liabilities but that do not result in cash receipts or cash payments in the period. \Part noncash\ refers to that portion of the transaction not resulting in cash receipts or cash payments in the period.
        label: Non-cash acquisitions of property, plant and equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionPropertyPlantAndEquipment
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    frpt_NoteToFinancialStatementDetailsTextual: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note To Financial Statement Details Textual
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NoteToFinancialStatementDetailsTextual
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    frpt_NotesToFinancialStatementsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Notes To Financial Statements [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NotesToFinancialStatementsAbstract
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    frpt_NumberOfDistributors: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the number of distributors.
        label: frpt_NumberOfDistributors
        terseLabel: Number Of Distributors
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NumberOfDistributors
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    }
    frpt_NumberOfMajorCustomers: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of major customers.
        label: frpt_NumberOfMajorCustomers
        terseLabel: Number of Major Customers
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NumberOfMajorCustomers
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    }
    frpt_NumberOfVendors: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the number of vendors.
        label: frpt_NumberOfVendors
        terseLabel: Number of Vendors
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NumberOfVendors
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    }
    frpt_OmnibusIncentivePlan2014Member: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information pertaining to the 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan.
        label: Omnibus Incentive Plan 2014 [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OmnibusIncentivePlan2014Member
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    frpt_OneDistributorMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information pertaining to the first distributor.
        label: One Distributor [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OneDistributorMember
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    frpt_OperatingLossCarryforwardsNotSubjectToExpiration: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of operating loss carryforward, before tax effects, that are not subject to expiration dates which are available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.
        label: frpt_OperatingLossCarryforwardsNotSubjectToExpiration
        terseLabel: Operating Loss Carryforwards, Not Subject to Expiration
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLossCarryforwardsNotSubjectToExpiration
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    frpt_OperatingLossCarryforwardsSubjectToExpiration: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of operating loss carryforward, before tax effects, that are subject to expiration dates which are available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.
        label: frpt_OperatingLossCarryforwardsSubjectToExpiration
        terseLabel: Operating Loss Carryforwards, Subject to Expiration
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLossCarryforwardsSubjectToExpiration
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    frpt_OwnershipInterestSharesSoldByRelatedPartyEntity: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of shares sold by the related party.
        label: frpt_OwnershipInterestSharesSoldByRelatedPartyEntity
        terseLabel: Ownership Interest, Shares Sold By Related Party Entity (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OwnershipInterestSharesSoldByRelatedPartyEntity
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-13-related-party-transactions-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    frpt_PackagingMaterialsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information pertaining to packaging materials.
        label: Packaging Materials [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PackagingMaterialsMember
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    frpt_PerformanceBasedRestrictedStockUnitsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Related to performance based restricted stock units.
        label: Performance Based Restricted Stock Units [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PerformanceBasedRestrictedStockUnitsMember
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-restricted-stock-units-award-activity-details
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    frpt_PerformanceStockOptionsDeemedNotProbableToVestMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information pertaining to performance stock options deemed not probable to vest [Member].
        label: Performance Stock Options Deemed Not Probable To Vest [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PerformanceStockOptionsDeemedNotProbableToVestMember
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    frpt_PerformanceStockOptionsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents information pertaining to performance stock options.
        label: Performance Stock Options [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PerformanceStockOptionsMember
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-nonvested-performance-based-units-activity-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-tables
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-11-earnings-per-share-attributable-to-common-stockholder-schedule-of-antidilutive-securities-excluded-from-computation-of-earnings-per-share-details
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    frpt_PerformanceStockOptionsWithProbableVestingCriteriaMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information pertaining to performance stock options with probable vesting criteria.
        label: Performance Stock Options With Probable Vesting Criteria [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PerformanceStockOptionsWithProbableVestingCriteriaMember
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    frpt_PetSpecialtyAndNaturalMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information pertaining to Pet Specialty and Natural.
        label: Pet Specialty and Natural [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PetSpecialtyAndNaturalMember
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-net-sales-by-class-of-retailer-details
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    frpt_PrivatelyHeldCompanyMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information related to the privately held company.
        label: Privately Held Company [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PrivatelyHeldCompanyMember
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-5-equity-method-investment
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-5-equity-method-investment-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    frpt_ProceedsFromDebtAgreement: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of cash inflow from the debt agreement.
        label: frpt_ProceedsFromDebtAgreement
        terseLabel: Proceeds from Debt Agreement
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromDebtAgreement
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    frpt_RawMaterialsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information pertaining to the purchase of raw materials.
        label: Raw Materials [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RawMaterialsMember
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    frpt_RefrigerationEquipmentMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information pertaining to refrigeration equipment.
        label: Refrigeration Equipment [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RefrigerationEquipmentMember
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment-summary-of-property-plant-and-equipment-details
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    frpt_RestrictedStockTaxWithholdingsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for restricted stock tax withholdings.
        label: Restricted Stock Tax Withholdings [Policy Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestrictedStockTaxWithholdingsPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    frpt_RevenueRecognitionShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy under the revenue recognition for the classification of shipping and handling costs, including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales, disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.
        label: Revenue Recognition, Shipping And Handling Cost [Policy Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RevenueRecognitionShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    frpt_ScheduleOfSupplementalCashFlowInformationRelatedToLeasesTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of supplemental cash flow information for the periods presented related to leases.
        label: Schedule of Supplemental Cash Flow Information Related To Leases [Table Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfSupplementalCashFlowInformationRelatedToLeasesTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-tables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    frpt_ServicePeriodStockOptionsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information pertaining to service period stock options.
        label: Service Period Stock Options [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ServicePeriodStockOptionsMember
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-nonvested-stock-options-activity-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-stock-options-activity-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-tables
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-11-earnings-per-share-attributable-to-common-stockholder-schedule-of-antidilutive-securities-excluded-from-computation-of-earnings-per-share-details
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    frpt_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentOtherThanOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The weighted-average price as of the balance sheet date at which grantees can acquire the shares reserved for issuance on vested portions of equity instruments other than options outstanding and currently exercisable.
        label: Exercisable, weighted average exercise price (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentOtherThanOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-share-based-compensation-performance-shares-award-outstanding-details
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    frpt_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentOtherThanOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceEndingBalance: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average price of equity instruments other than options at which grantees can acquire the shares reserved for issuance.
        label: frpt_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentOtherThanOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceEndingBalance
        periodEndLabel: Balance, weighted average exercise price (in dollars per share)
        periodStartLabel: Balance, weighted average exercise price (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentOtherThanOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceEndingBalance
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-share-based-compensation-performance-shares-award-outstanding-details
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    frpt_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of difference between fair value of the underlying shares reserved for issuance and exercise price of vested portions of equity instruments other than options outstanding and currently exercisable.
        label: frpt_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue
        terseLabel: Exercisable, aggregate instrinsic value
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-share-based-compensation-performance-shares-award-outstanding-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    frpt_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average remaining contractual term for vested portions of equity instruments other than options outstanding and currently exercisable or convertible, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: frpt_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm
        terseLabel: Exercisable, average remaining contractual term (Year)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-share-based-compensation-performance-shares-award-outstanding-details
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    frpt_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisesInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of equity instruments other than options exercised by participants during the period.
        label: frpt_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisesInPeriod
        negatedTerseLabel: Exercised (in shares)
        terseLabel: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Exercises in Period (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisesInPeriod
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-share-based-compensation-performance-shares-award-outstanding-details
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    frpt_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsOutstandingNumber: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of equity instruments other than options outstanding, including both vested and non-vested options.
        label: frpt_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsOutstandingNumber
        periodEndLabel: Balance (in shares)
        periodStartLabel: Balance (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsOutstandingNumber
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-share-based-compensation-performance-shares-award-outstanding-details
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    frpt_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityOptionsOtherThanOptionsExercisableNumber: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of shares into which fully or partially vested equity options other than options outstanding as of the balance sheet date can be currently converted under the plan.
        label: Exercisable (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityOptionsOtherThanOptionsExercisableNumber
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-share-based-compensation-performance-shares-award-outstanding-details
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    frpt_SharebasedCompensationArrangementsBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average price at which option holders acquired shares when converting their equity instruments into shares.
        label: frpt_SharebasedCompensationArrangementsBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice
        terseLabel: Exercised, weighted average exercise price (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementsBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-share-based-compensation-performance-shares-award-outstanding-details
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    frpt_SharebasedCompensationArrangementsBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average price at which grantees could have acquired the underlying shares with respect to equity instruments other than options that were terminated
        label: frpt_SharebasedCompensationArrangementsBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice
        terseLabel: Forfeited, weighted average exercise price (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementsBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-share-based-compensation-performance-shares-award-outstanding-details
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    frpt_SharebasedCompensationArrangementsBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average per share amount at which grantees can acquire shares of common stock by exercise of equity instruments other than options.
        label: frpt_SharebasedCompensationArrangementsBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice
        terseLabel: Granted, weighted average exercise price (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementsBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-share-based-compensation-performance-shares-award-outstanding-details
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    frpt_SharebasedPaymentArrangementTrancheFourMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fourth portion of award under share-based payment arrangement differentiated by vesting feature, including, but not limited to, performance measure or service period.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Tranche Four [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedPaymentArrangementTrancheFourMember
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    frpt_StockPlan2010Member: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information pertaining to the 2010 Stock Plan.
        label: Stock Plan 2010 [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockPlan2010Member
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    frpt_The2010StockPlanMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information pertaining to the 2010 Stock Plan.
        label: The 2010 Stock Plan [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: The2010StockPlanMember
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    frpt_TreasuryStockPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for identifying treasury stock.
        label: Treasury Stock [Policy Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TreasuryStockPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    frpt_UnrecognizedCompensationCostsPerformanceBasedAwards: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of performance based awards with unrecognized compensation costs.
        label: frpt_UnrecognizedCompensationCostsPerformanceBasedAwards
        terseLabel: Unrecognized Compensation Costs, Performance Based Awards (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnrecognizedCompensationCostsPerformanceBasedAwards
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    frpt_statement-statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-net-sales-by-class-of-retailer-details: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 1 - Nature of the Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Net Sales by Class of Retailer (Details)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: statement-statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-net-sales-by-class-of-retailer-details
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    frpt_statement-statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-tables: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 1 - Nature of the Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
       }
      }
     }
     localname: statement-statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-tables
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    frpt_statement-statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-nonvested-performance-based-units-activity-details: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 10 - Equity Incentive Plans and Equity - Nonvested Performance Based Units Activity (Details)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: statement-statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-nonvested-performance-based-units-activity-details
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    frpt_statement-statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-nonvested-stock-options-activity-details: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 10 - Equity Incentive Plans and Equity - Nonvested Stock Options Activity (Details)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: statement-statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-nonvested-stock-options-activity-details
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    frpt_statement-statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-restricted-stock-units-award-activity-details: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 10 - Equity Incentive Plans and Equity - Restricted Stock Units Award Activity (Details)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: statement-statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-restricted-stock-units-award-activity-details
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    frpt_statement-statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-schedule-of-share-based-payment-award-stock-options-valuation-assumptions-details: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 10 - Equity Incentive Plans and Equity - Schedule Of Share Based Payment Award Stock Options Valuation Assumptions (Details)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: statement-statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-schedule-of-share-based-payment-award-stock-options-valuation-assumptions-details
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    frpt_statement-statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-share-based-compensation-performance-shares-award-outstanding-details: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 10 - Equity Incentive Plans and Equity - Share Based Compensation Performance Shares Award Outstanding (Details)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: statement-statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-share-based-compensation-performance-shares-award-outstanding-details
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    frpt_statement-statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-stock-options-activity-details: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 10 - Equity Incentive Plans and Equity - Stock Options Activity (Details)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: statement-statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-stock-options-activity-details
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    frpt_statement-statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-tables: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 10 - Equity Incentive Plans and Equity
       }
      }
     }
     localname: statement-statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-tables
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    frpt_statement-statement-note-11-earnings-per-share-attributable-to-common-stockholder-schedule-of-antidilutive-securities-excluded-from-computation-of-earnings-per-share-details: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 11 - Earnings Per Share Attributable to Common Stockholder - Schedule of Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share (Details)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: statement-statement-note-11-earnings-per-share-attributable-to-common-stockholder-schedule-of-antidilutive-securities-excluded-from-computation-of-earnings-per-share-details
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    frpt_statement-statement-note-11-earnings-per-share-attributable-to-common-stockholder-tables: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 11 - Earnings Per Share Attributable to Common Stockholder
       }
      }
     }
     localname: statement-statement-note-11-earnings-per-share-attributable-to-common-stockholder-tables
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    frpt_statement-statement-note-15-unaudited-quarterly-results-schedule-of-quarterly-financial-information-details: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 15 - Unaudited Quarterly Results - Schedule of Quarterly Financial Information (Details)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: statement-statement-note-15-unaudited-quarterly-results-schedule-of-quarterly-financial-information-details
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    frpt_statement-statement-note-15-unaudited-quarterly-results-tables: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 15 - Unaudited Quarterly Results
       }
      }
     }
     localname: statement-statement-note-15-unaudited-quarterly-results-tables
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    frpt_statement-statement-note-3-inventories-summary-of-inventories-details: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 3 - Inventories - Summary of Inventories (Details)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: statement-statement-note-3-inventories-summary-of-inventories-details
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    frpt_statement-statement-note-3-inventories-tables: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 3 - Inventories
       }
      }
     }
     localname: statement-statement-note-3-inventories-tables
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    frpt_statement-statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment-summary-of-property-plant-and-equipment-details: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 4 - Property, Plant and Equipment - Summary of Property, Plant and Equipment (Details)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: statement-statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment-summary-of-property-plant-and-equipment-details
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    frpt_statement-statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment-tables: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 4 - Property, Plant and Equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: statement-statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment-tables
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    frpt_statement-statement-note-6-income-taxes-components-of-income-tax-expense-benefit-details: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 6 - Income Taxes - Components of Income Tax Expense Benefit (Details)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: statement-statement-note-6-income-taxes-components-of-income-tax-expense-benefit-details
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    frpt_statement-statement-note-6-income-taxes-deferred-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 6 - Income Taxes - Deferred Tax Assets And Liabilities (Details)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: statement-statement-note-6-income-taxes-deferred-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    frpt_statement-statement-note-6-income-taxes-effective-income-tax-rate-reconciliation-details: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 6 - Income Taxes - Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation (Details)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: statement-statement-note-6-income-taxes-effective-income-tax-rate-reconciliation-details
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    frpt_statement-statement-note-6-income-taxes-tables: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 6 - Income Taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: statement-statement-note-6-income-taxes-tables
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    frpt_statement-statement-note-7-accrued-expenses-summary-of-accrued-expenses-details: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 7 - Accrued Expenses - Summary of Accrued Expenses (Details)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: statement-statement-note-7-accrued-expenses-summary-of-accrued-expenses-details
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    frpt_statement-statement-note-7-accrued-expenses-tables: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 7 - Accrued Expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: statement-statement-note-7-accrued-expenses-tables
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    frpt_statement-statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-contractual-obligation-fiscal-year-maturity-schedule-details: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 9 - Commitments and Contingencies - Contractual Obligation Fiscal Year Maturity Schedule (Details)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: statement-statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-contractual-obligation-fiscal-year-maturity-schedule-details
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    frpt_statement-statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-lease-cost-details: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 9 - Commitments and Contingencies - Lease Cost (Details)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: statement-statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-lease-cost-details
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    frpt_statement-statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-lessee-operating-lease-liability-maturity-details: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 9 - Commitments and Contingencies - Lessee Operating Lease Liability Maturity (Details)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: statement-statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-lessee-operating-lease-liability-maturity-details
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    frpt_statement-statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-operating-leases-of-lessee-disclosure-details: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 9 - Commitments and Contingencies - Operating Leases Of Lessee Disclosure (Details)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: statement-statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-operating-leases-of-lessee-disclosure-details
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    frpt_statement-statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-supplemental-cash-flow-information-related-to-leases-details: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 9 - Commitments and Contingencies - Supplemental Cash Flow Information Related to Leases (Details)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: statement-statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-supplemental-cash-flow-information-related-to-leases-details
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    frpt_statement-statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-tables: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 9 - Commitments and Contingencies
       }
      }
     }
     localname: statement-statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-tables
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    frpt_statement-statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Significant Accounting Policies
       }
      }
     }
     localname: statement-statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     nsuri: http://freshpet.com/20201231
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_ChiefExecutiveOfficerMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r191
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Person with designation of chief executive officer.
        label: Chief Executive Officer [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ChiefExecutiveOfficerMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_ContractualObligationFiscalYearMaturityScheduleTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r472
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of contractual obligation by timing of payment due. Includes, but is not limited to, long-term debt obligation, lease obligation, and purchase obligation.
        label: Contractual Obligation, Fiscal Year Maturity [Table Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ContractualObligationFiscalYearMaturityScheduleTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-tables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    srt_EquityMethodInvesteeNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of investment, including named security. Excludes consolidated entity.
        label: Investment, Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EquityMethodInvesteeNameDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-5-equity-method-investment
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-5-equity-method-investment-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_ExecutiveVicePresidentMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r191
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Person with designation of executive vice president.
        label: Executive Vice President [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ExecutiveVicePresidentMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_MajorCustomersAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r190
      r251
      r254
      r451
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by name or description of a single external customer or a group of external customers.
        label: Customer [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MajorCustomersAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_MaximumMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r263
      r264
      r412
      r413
      r414
      r415
      r416
      r417
      r418
      r449
      r452
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Upper limit of the provided range.
        label: Maximum [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MaximumMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-schedule-of-share-based-payment-award-stock-options-valuation-assumptions-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-12-retirement-plan
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-12-retirement-plan-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_MinimumMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r263
      r264
      r412
      r413
      r414
      r415
      r416
      r417
      r418
      r449
      r452
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Lower limit of the provided range.
        label: Minimum [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MinimumMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-schedule-of-share-based-payment-award-stock-options-valuation-assumptions-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_NameOfMajorCustomerDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r190
      r251
      r254
      r451
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Single external customer or group of external customers.
        label: Customer [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NameOfMajorCustomerDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_ProductOrServiceAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r188
      r251
      r253
      r419
      r448
      r450
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by product and service, or group of similar products and similar services.
        label: Product and Service [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProductOrServiceAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-net-sales-by-class-of-retailer-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_ProductsAndServicesDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r188
      r251
      r253
      r419
      r448
      r450
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Product or service, or a group of similar products or similar services.
        label: Product and Service [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProductsAndServicesDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-net-sales-by-class-of-retailer-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_RangeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r262
      r263
      r264
      r412
      r413
      r414
      r415
      r416
      r417
      r418
      r449
      r452
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by statistical measurement. Includes, but is not limited to, minimum, maximum, weighted average, arithmetic average, and median.
        label: Statistical Measurement [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RangeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-schedule-of-share-based-payment-award-stock-options-valuation-assumptions-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-12-retirement-plan
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-12-retirement-plan-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_RangeMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r262
      r263
      r264
      r412
      r413
      r414
      r415
      r416
      r417
      r418
      r449
      r452
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Statistical measurement. Includes, but is not limited to, minimum, maximum, weighted average, arithmetic average, and median.
        label: Statistical Measurement [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RangeMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-schedule-of-share-based-payment-award-stock-options-valuation-assumptions-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-12-retirement-plan
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-12-retirement-plan-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r200
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by name of investment, including named security. Excludes consolidated entity.
        label: Investment, Name [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-5-equity-method-investment
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-5-equity-method-investment-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r191
      r405
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by title of individual or nature of relationship to individual or group of individuals.
        label: Title of Individual [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TitleOfIndividualAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_TitleOfIndividualWithRelationshipToEntityDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Title of individual, or nature of relationship to individual or group of individuals.
        label: Title of Individual [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TitleOfIndividualWithRelationshipToEntityDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Accounting Policies [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountingPoliciesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountsPayableAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesDisclosureCurrentTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for accounts payable, accrued expenses, and other liabilities that are classified as current at the end of the reporting period.
        label: Accounts Payable, Accrued Liabilities, and Other Liabilities Disclosure, Current [Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountsPayableAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesDisclosureCurrentTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-7-accrued-expenses
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r37
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
        label: Accounts payable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountsPayableCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountsReceivableMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Due from customers or clients for goods or services that have been delivered or sold.
        label: Accounts Receivable [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountsReceivableMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r3
      r21
      r192
      r193
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after allowance for credit loss, of right to consideration from customer for product sold and service rendered in normal course of business, classified as current.
        label: Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountsReceivableNetCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r40
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-: {
       order: 0.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-7-accrued-expenses-summary-of-accrued-expenses-details: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable, pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature, are incurred on contractual obligations, or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes, interest, rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
        label: Accrued expenses
        totalLabel: Accrued Liabilities, Current, Total
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-7-accrued-expenses-summary-of-accrued-expenses-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccruedMarketingCostsCurrent: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-7-accrued-expenses-summary-of-accrued-expenses-details: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for the marketing, trade and selling of the entity's goods and services.   Marketing costs would include expenditures for planning and executing the conception, pricing, promotion, and distribution of ideas, goods, and services; costs of public relations and corporate promotions; and obligations incurred and payable for sales discounts, rebates, price protection programs, etc. offered to customers and under government programs. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
        label: Accrued Marketing
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccruedMarketingCostsCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-7-accrued-expenses-summary-of-accrued-expenses-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r35
      r220
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment-summary-of-property-plant-and-equipment-details: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.
        label: us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment
        negatedLabel: Less: Accumulated Depreciation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment-summary-of-property-plant-and-equipment-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r24
      r55
      r56
      r57
      r438
      r457
      r460
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources, net of tax effect, at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss), and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items, certain pension adjustments, unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities, other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis, as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.
        label: Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r54
      r57
      r58
      r113
      r114
      r115
      r358
      r453
      r454
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accumulated increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources, attributable to the parent. Excludes net income (loss), and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.
        label: AOCI Attributable to Parent [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-changes-in-stockholders-equity
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r22
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-: {
       order: 0.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Value received from shareholders in common stock-related transactions that are in excess of par value or stated value and amounts received from other stock-related transactions. Includes only common stock transactions (excludes preferred stock transactions). May be called contributed capital, capital in excess of par, capital surplus, or paid-in capital.
        label: Additional paid-in capital
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r113
      r114
      r115
      r304
      r305
      r306
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders.
        label: Additional Paid-in Capital [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-changes-in-stockholders-equity
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r267
      r270
      r311
      r312
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase to additional paid-in capital (APIC) for recognition of cost for award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Share-based compensation expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-changes-in-stockholders-equity
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash flows provided by operating activities:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r314
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising cost.
        label: Advertising Cost [Policy Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r315
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount charged to advertising expense for the period, which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand, product or product line.
        label: us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense
        terseLabel: Advertising Expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdvertisingExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r270
      r300
      r310
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expense for award under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes amount capitalized.
        label: us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense
        terseLabel: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCosts: {
     auth_ref: [
      r73
      r96
      r383
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of amortization expense attributable to debt issuance costs.
        label: us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCosts
        terseLabel: Amortization of Debt Issuance Costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AmortizationOfFinancingCosts
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCostsAndDiscounts: {
     auth_ref: [
      r96
      r383
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of amortization expense attributable to debt discount (premium) and debt issuance costs.
        label: Amortization of deferred financing costs and loan discount
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AmortizationOfFinancingCostsAndDiscounts
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r143
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Securities (including those issuable pursuant to contingent stock agreements) that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share (EPS) or earnings per unit (EPU) in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS or EPU because to do so would increase EPS or EPU amounts or decrease loss per share or unit amounts for the period presented.
        label: Antidilutive Securities (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-11-earnings-per-share-attributable-to-common-stockholder-schedule-of-antidilutive-securities-excluded-from-computation-of-earnings-per-share-details
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r143
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of antidilutive security.
        label: Antidilutive Securities [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-11-earnings-per-share-attributable-to-common-stockholder-schedule-of-antidilutive-securities-excluded-from-computation-of-earnings-per-share-details
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r143
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Incremental common shares attributable to securities that were not included in diluted earnings per share (EPS) because to do so would increase EPS amounts or decrease loss per share amounts for the period presented.
        label: Antidilutive Securities, Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AntidilutiveSecuritiesNameDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-11-earnings-per-share-attributable-to-common-stockholder-schedule-of-antidilutive-securities-excluded-from-computation-of-earnings-per-share-details
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_Assets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r107
      r170
      r180
      r186
      r202
      r354
      r360
      r373
      r424
      r436
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are recognized. Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
        label: us-gaap_Assets
        totalLabel: Total Assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Assets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AssetsCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r6
      r8
      r52
      r107
      r202
      r354
      r360
      r373
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash, sold, or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle, if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
        label: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent
        totalLabel: Total Current Assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetsCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: CURRENT ASSETS:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetsCurrentAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r271
      r302
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Award Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AwardTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-nonvested-performance-based-units-activity-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-nonvested-stock-options-activity-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-restricted-stock-units-award-activity-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-schedule-of-share-based-payment-award-stock-options-valuation-assumptions-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-share-based-compensation-performance-shares-award-outstanding-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-stock-options-activity-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-tables
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by location on balance sheet (statement of financial position).
        label: Balance Sheet Location [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BalanceSheetLocationAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r365
      r366
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Location in the balance sheet (statement of financial position).
        label: Balance Sheet Location [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BalanceSheetLocationDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BaseRateMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Minimum rate investor will accept.
        label: Base Rate [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BaseRateMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting, or basis of presentation, used to prepare the financial statements (for example, US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting, IFRS).
        label: Basis of Accounting, Policy [Policy Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Facility held for productive use including, but not limited to, office, production, storage and distribution facilities and any addition, improvement, or renovation to the structure, for example, but not limited to, interior masonry, interior flooring, electrical, and plumbing.
        label: Building and Building Improvements [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CapitalExpendituresIncurredButNotYetPaid: {
     auth_ref: [
      r101
      r102
      r103
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Future cash outflow to pay for purchases of fixed assets that have occurred.
        label: Property, plant and equipment purchases in accounts payable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalExpendituresIncurredButNotYetPaid
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r1
      r31
      r98
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-: {
       order: 0.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
        label: Cash and cash equivalents
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r13
      r99
      r105
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents, including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents, (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk, (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts), and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example, at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
        label: Cash and Cash Equivalents, Policy [Policy Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsIncludingDisposalGroupAndDiscontinuedOperations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r91
      r98
      r104
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash and cash equivalents, and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including, but not limited to, disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes, but is not limited to, currency on hand, demand deposits with banks or financial institutions, and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include, but are not limited to, short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.
        label: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsIncludingDisposalGroupAndDiscontinuedOperations
        periodEndLabel: CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF PERIOD
        periodStartLabel: CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING OF YEAR
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsIncludingDisposalGroupAndDiscontinuedOperations
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseExcludingExchangeRateEffect: {
     auth_ref: [
      r91
      r374
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents, and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; excluding effect from exchange rate change. Cash includes, but is not limited to, currency on hand, demand deposits with banks or financial institutions, and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include, but are not limited to, short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.
        label: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseExcludingExchangeRateEffect
        totalLabel: NET CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseExcludingExchangeRateEffect
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CashFDICInsuredAmount: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of cash deposited in financial institutions as of the balance sheet date that is insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.
        label: us-gaap_CashFDICInsuredAmount
        terseLabel: Cash, FDIC Insured Amount
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashFDICInsuredAmount
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r226
      r227
      r228
      r229
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for commitments and contingencies.
        label: Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockCapitalSharesReservedForFutureIssuance: {
     auth_ref: [
      r43
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate number of common shares reserved for future issuance.
        label: us-gaap_CommonStockCapitalSharesReservedForFutureIssuance
        terseLabel: Common Stock, Capital Shares Reserved for Future Issuance (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockCapitalSharesReservedForFutureIssuance
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r113
      r114
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Stock that is subordinate to all other stock of the issuer.
        label: Common Stock [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-changes-in-stockholders-equity
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare: {
     auth_ref: [
      r20
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Face amount or stated value per share of common stock.
        label: Common stock, par value (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-parentheticals
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r20
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The maximum number of common shares permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws.
        label: Common stock, authorized (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockSharesAuthorized
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-parentheticals
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued: {
     auth_ref: [
      r20
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued, repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners, and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
        label: Common stock, issued (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockSharesIssued
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-parentheticals
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [
      r20
      r235
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares of common stock outstanding. Common stock represent the ownership interest in a corporation.
        label: Common stock, outstanding (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockSharesOutstanding
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-parentheticals
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r20
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares, par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
        label: Common stock \u2014 voting, $0.001 par value, 200,000,000 shares authorized, 40,732,409 issued and 40,718,240 outstanding on December 31, 2020, and 36,162,433 issued and 36,148,264 outstanding on December 31, 2019
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CompensationAndEmployeeBenefitPlansOtherThanShareBasedCompensationTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r260
      r261
      r265
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure of an entity's employee compensation and benefit plans, excluding share-based compensation and including, but not limited to, postemployment and postretirement benefit plans, defined benefit pension plans, defined contribution plans, non-qualified and supplemental benefit plans, deferred compensation, life insurance, severance, health care, unemployment and other benefit plans.
        label: Compensation and Employee Benefit Plans, Other than Share-based Compensation [Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CompensationAndEmployeeBenefitPlansOtherThanShareBasedCompensationTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-12-retirement-plan
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r61
      r63
      r64
      r70
      r431
      r444
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-operations-and-comprehensive-loss: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income, attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.
        label: us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax
        totalLabel: TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-operations-and-comprehensive-loss
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskBenchmarkDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r158
      r159
      r190
      r371
      r372
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The denominator in a calculation of a disclosed concentration risk percentage.
        label: Concentration Risk Benchmark [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskBenchmarkDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r158
      r159
      r190
      r371
      r372
      r461
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by benchmark of concentration risk.
        label: Concentration Risk Benchmark [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r158
      r159
      r190
      r371
      r372
      r461
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of concentration risk, for example, but not limited to, asset, liability, net assets, geographic, customer, employees, supplier, lender.
        label: Concentration Risk Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r163
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for any concentrations existing at the date of the financial statements that make an entity vulnerable to a reasonably possible, near-term, severe impact. This disclosure informs financial statement users about the general nature of the risk associated with the concentration, and may indicate the percentage of concentration risk as of the balance sheet date.
        label: Concentration Risk Disclosure [Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r158
      r159
      r190
      r371
      r372
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount, which serves as the \benchmark\ (or denominator) in the equation, this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.
        label: us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk, Percentage
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskPercentage1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r158
      r159
      r190
      r371
      r372
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: For an entity that discloses a concentration risk as a percentage of some financial balance or benchmark, identifies the type (for example, asset, liability, net assets, geographic, customer, employees, supplier, lender) of the concentration.
        label: Concentration Risk Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskTypeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r105
      r356
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements, including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example, common stock, a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities, for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions, noncontrolling interest, and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.
        label: Consolidation, Policy [Policy Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConsolidationVariableInterestEntityPolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r105
      r359
      r362
      r363
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for consolidation to describe the significant judgments and assumptions made in determining whether a variable interest held by the entity requires the variable interest entity to be consolidated and (or) disclose information about its involvement with the variable interest entity; the methodology used by the entity for determining whether or not it is the primary beneficiary of the variable interest entity; and the significant factors considered and judgments made in determining that the power to direct the activities that significantly impact the economic performance of the variable interest entity are shared (as defined).
        label: Consolidation, Variable Interest Entity, Policy [Policy Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConsolidationVariableInterestEntityPolicy
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Structure or a modification to a structure under construction. Includes recently completed structures or modifications to structures that have not been placed into service.
        label: Construction in Progress [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConstructionInProgressMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment-summary-of-property-plant-and-equipment-details
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerAssetNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r239
      r241
      r252
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after allowance for credit loss, of right to consideration in exchange for good or service transferred to customer when right is conditioned on something other than passage of time.
        label: us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerAssetNet
        terseLabel: Contract with Customer, Asset, after Allowance for Credit Loss, Total
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ContractWithCustomerAssetNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerLiabilityCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r239
      r240
      r252
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-7-accrued-expenses-summary-of-accrued-expenses-details: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of obligation to transfer good or service to customer for which consideration has been received or is receivable, classified as current.
        label: Accrued Customer Consideration
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ContractWithCustomerLiabilityCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-7-accrued-expenses-summary-of-accrued-expenses-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ContractualObligation: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-contractual-obligation-fiscal-year-maturity-schedule-details: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of contractual obligation, including but not limited to, long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations, purchase obligations, and other commitments.
        label: us-gaap_ContractualObligation
        totalLabel: Total Manufacturing and Servicing Obligations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ContractualObligation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-contractual-obligation-fiscal-year-maturity-schedule-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInFourthYear: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-contractual-obligation-fiscal-year-maturity-schedule-details: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_ContractualObligation
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of contractual obligation to be paid in fourth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).
        label: us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInFourthYear
        terseLabel: 2024
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ContractualObligationDueInFourthYear
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-contractual-obligation-fiscal-year-maturity-schedule-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-contractual-obligation-fiscal-year-maturity-schedule-details: {
       order: 0.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_ContractualObligation
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of contractual obligation to be paid in next fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).
        label: us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths
        terseLabel: 2021
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ContractualObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-contractual-obligation-fiscal-year-maturity-schedule-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInSecondYear: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-contractual-obligation-fiscal-year-maturity-schedule-details: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_ContractualObligation
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of contractual obligation to be paid in second fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).
        label: us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInSecondYear
        terseLabel: 2022
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ContractualObligationDueInSecondYear
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-contractual-obligation-fiscal-year-maturity-schedule-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInThirdYear: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-contractual-obligation-fiscal-year-maturity-schedule-details: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_ContractualObligation
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of contractual obligation to be paid in third fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).
        label: us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInThirdYear
        terseLabel: 2023
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ContractualObligationDueInThirdYear
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-contractual-obligation-fiscal-year-maturity-schedule-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold: {
     auth_ref: [
      r75
      r419
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-operations-and-comprehensive-loss: {
       order: 0.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_GrossProfit
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate costs related to goods produced and sold and services rendered by an entity during the reporting period. This excludes costs incurred during the reporting period related to financial services rendered and other revenue generating activities.
        label: COST OF GOODS SOLD
        terseLabel: Cost of Goods and Services Sold, Total
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-operations-and-comprehensive-loss
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CostOfGoodsProductLineMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r158
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Cost of product sold and service rendered from specified product or service, when it serves as benchmark in concentration of risk calculation.
        label: Cost of Goods and Service, Product and Service Benchmark [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CostOfGoodsProductLineMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CostOfSalesMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing cost of sales.
        label: Cost of Sales [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CostOfSalesMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of credit facility. Credit facilities provide capital to borrowers without the need to structure a loan for each borrowing.
        label: Credit Facility [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CreditFacilityAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CreditFacilityDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Type of credit facility. Credit facilities provide capital to borrowers without the need to structure a loan for each borrowing.
        label: Credit Facility [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CreditFacilityDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r108
      r335
      r344
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-components-of-income-tax-expense-benefit-details: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current federal tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit
        terseLabel: Federal
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-components-of-income-tax-expense-benefit-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CurrentForeignTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r110
      r335
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-components-of-income-tax-expense-benefit-details: {
       order: 0.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current foreign income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: us-gaap_CurrentForeignTaxExpenseBenefit
        terseLabel: International
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CurrentForeignTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-components-of-income-tax-expense-benefit-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r108
      r335
      r344
      r345
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-components-of-income-tax-expense-benefit-details: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to taxable income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
        totalLabel: Current Income Tax Expense (Benefit), Total
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-components-of-income-tax-expense-benefit-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r108
      r335
      r344
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-components-of-income-tax-expense-benefit-details: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current state and local tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit
        terseLabel: State
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-components-of-income-tax-expense-benefit-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r157
      r190
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Reflects the percentage that revenues in the period from one or more significant customers is to net revenues, as defined by the entity, such as total net revenues, product line revenues, segment revenues. The risk is the materially adverse effects of loss of a significant customer.
        label: Customer Concentration Risk [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CustomerConcentrationRiskMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r234
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements, which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit, note payable, commercial paper issue, bonds indenture, debenture issue, own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds, and about the underlying arrangements, rationale for a classification as long-term, including repayment terms, interest rates, collateral provided, restrictions on use of assets and activities, whether or not in compliance with debt covenants, and other matters important to users of the financial statements, such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
        label: Debt Disclosure [Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r16
      r17
      r18
      r425
      r426
      r435
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of debt instrument, including, but not limited to, draws against credit facilities.
        label: Debt Instrument [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage points added to the reference rate to compute the variable rate on the debt instrument.
        label: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1
        terseLabel: Debt Instrument, Basis Spread on Variable Rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r42
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The name for the particular debt instrument or borrowing that distinguishes it from other debt instruments or borrowings, including draws against credit facilities.
        label: Debt Instrument, Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentNameDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r36
      r383
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after accumulated amortization, of debt issuance costs. Includes, but is not limited to, legal, accounting, underwriting, printing, and registration costs.
        label: us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNet
        terseLabel: Debt Issuance Costs, Net, Total
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredFinanceCostsNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r329
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-deferred-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability, of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards, without jurisdictional netting.
        label: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet
        totalLabel: Net deferred income tax assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-deferred-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards: {
     auth_ref: [
      r333
      r334
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-deferred-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible operating loss carryforwards.
        label: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards
        terseLabel: Net operating loss
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-deferred-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther: {
     auth_ref: [
      r333
      r334
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-deferred-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details: {
       order: 0.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, before allocation of valuation allowance, of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences, classified as other.
        label: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther
        terseLabel: Other
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsOther
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-deferred-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r333
      r334
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-deferred-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from share-based compensation.
        label: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost
        terseLabel: Stock option expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-deferred-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance: {
     auth_ref: [
      r328
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-deferred-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax assets for which it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized.
        label: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance
        negatedTerseLabel: Less: Valuation allowance
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-deferred-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r333
      r334
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-deferred-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from property, plant, and equipment.
        label: us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment
        negatedTerseLabel: Property and equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-deferred-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionAmount: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of discretionary contributions made by an employer to a defined contribution plan.
        label: us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionAmount
        terseLabel: Defined Contribution Plan, Employer Discretionary Contribution Amount
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionAmount
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-12-retirement-plan-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanMaximumAnnualContributionsPerEmployeePercent: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Maximum percentage of employee gross pay the employee may contribute to a defined contribution plan.
        label: us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanMaximumAnnualContributionsPerEmployeePercent
        terseLabel: Defined Contribution Plan, Maximum Annual Contributions Per Employee, Percent
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedContributionPlanMaximumAnnualContributionsPerEmployeePercent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-12-retirement-plan-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization: {
     auth_ref: [
      r96
      r218
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The current period expense charged against earnings on long-lived, physical assets not used in production, and which are not intended for resale, to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.
        label: Depreciation and amortization
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DepreciationAndAmortization
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization: {
     auth_ref: [
      r96
      r167
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets, intangible assets, or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.
        label: us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization
        terseLabel: Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization, Total
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r251
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of disaggregation of revenue into categories depicting how nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factor.
        label: Disaggregation of Revenue [Table Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisaggregationOfRevenueTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-tables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r313
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement [Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract
        terseLabel: Notes to Financial Statements
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisclosureTextBlockAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-11-earnings-per-share-attributable-to-common-stockholder
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-12-retirement-plan
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-13-related-party-transactions
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-15-unaudited-quarterly-results
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-2-recently-issued-accounting-standards
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-3-inventories
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-5-equity-method-investment
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-7-accrued-expenses
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DomesticCountryMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Designated tax department of the government that is entitled to levy and collect income taxes from the entity in its country of domicile.
        label: Domestic Tax Authority [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DomesticCountryMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic: {
     auth_ref: [
      r71
      r122
      r123
      r124
      r125
      r126
      r133
      r136
      r139
      r140
      r141
      r146
      r147
      r432
      r445
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of net income (loss) for the period per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period.
        label: -BASIC (in dollars per share)
        terseLabel: Basic earnings/(loss) per common share (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EarningsPerShareBasic
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-operations-and-comprehensive-loss
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-15-unaudited-quarterly-results-schedule-of-quarterly-financial-information-details
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: NET INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-operations-and-comprehensive-loss
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted: {
     auth_ref: [
      r71
      r122
      r123
      r124
      r125
      r126
      r136
      r139
      r140
      r141
      r146
      r147
      r432
      r445
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of net income (loss) for the period available to each share of common stock or common unit outstanding during the reporting period and to each share or unit that would have been outstanding assuming the issuance of common shares or units for all dilutive potential common shares or units outstanding during the reporting period.
        label: -DILUTED (in dollars per share)
        terseLabel: Diluted earnings/(loss) per common share (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EarningsPerShareDiluted
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-operations-and-comprehensive-loss
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-15-unaudited-quarterly-results-schedule-of-quarterly-financial-information-details
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r143
      r144
      r145
      r148
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for earnings per share.
        label: Earnings Per Share [Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EarningsPerShareTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-11-earnings-per-share-attributable-to-common-stockholder
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r321
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-effective-income-tax-rate-reconciliation-details: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of current income tax expense (benefit) and deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to continuing operations.
        label: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
        totalLabel: Effective tax rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-effective-income-tax-rate-reconciliation-details
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r321
      r346
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-effective-income-tax-rate-reconciliation-details: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of domestic federal statutory tax rate applicable to pretax income (loss).
        label: Tax at federal statutory rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-effective-income-tax-rate-reconciliation-details
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance: {
     auth_ref: [
      r321
      r346
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-effective-income-tax-rate-reconciliation-details: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to changes in the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets.
        label: Valuation allowance
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-effective-income-tax-rate-reconciliation-details
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r321
      r346
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-effective-income-tax-rate-reconciliation-details: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to changes in the income tax rates.
        label: State rate change
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-effective-income-tax-rate-reconciliation-details
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r321
      r346
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-effective-income-tax-rate-reconciliation-details: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to other adjustments.
        label: Other
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-effective-income-tax-rate-reconciliation-details
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes: {
     auth_ref: [
      r321
      r346
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-effective-income-tax-rate-reconciliation-details: {
       order: 0.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit), net of federal tax expense (benefit).
        label: State taxes, net of federal
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-effective-income-tax-rate-reconciliation-details
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r40
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-7-accrued-expenses-summary-of-accrued-expenses-details: {
       order: 0.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for obligations related to services received from employees, such as accrued salaries and bonuses, payroll taxes and fringe benefits. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
        label: Accrued Compensation and Employee Related Costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-7-accrued-expenses-summary-of-accrued-expenses-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedShareBasedAwardsOtherThanOptions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r301
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cost to be recognized for nonvested award under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes share and unit options.
        label: us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedShareBasedAwardsOtherThanOptions
        terseLabel: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Nonvested Award, Excluding Option, Cost Not yet Recognized, Amount
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedShareBasedAwardsOtherThanOptions
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedStockOptions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r301
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cost to be recognized for option under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedStockOptions
        terseLabel: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Nonvested Award, Option, Cost Not yet Recognized, Amount
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedStockOptions
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r298
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based payment arrangement granting right, subject to vesting and other restrictions, to purchase or sell certain number of shares at predetermined price for specified period of time.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Option [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeeStockOptionMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-schedule-of-share-based-payment-award-stock-options-valuation-assumptions-details
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EquityComponentDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r113
      r114
      r115
      r119
      r127
      r129
      r152
      r204
      r235
      r236
      r304
      r305
      r306
      r337
      r338
      r375
      r376
      r377
      r378
      r379
      r380
      r453
      r454
      r455
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Components of equity are the parts of the total Equity balance including that which is allocated to common, preferred, treasury stock, retained earnings, etc.
        label: Equity Component [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EquityComponentDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-changes-in-stockholders-equity
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentAggregateCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r32
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents the aggregate cost of investments accounted for under the equity method of accounting.
        label: us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentAggregateCost
        terseLabel: Equity Method Investment, Aggregate Cost
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EquityMethodInvestmentAggregateCost
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-5-equity-method-investment-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage: {
     auth_ref: [
      r200
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The percentage of ownership of common stock or equity participation in the investee accounted for under the equity method of accounting.
        label: us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage
        terseLabel: Equity Method Investment, Ownership Percentage
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-5-equity-method-investment-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r32
      r171
      r199
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: This item represents the carrying amount on the entity's balance sheet of its investment in common stock of an equity method investee. This is not an indicator of the fair value of the investment, rather it is the initial cost adjusted for the entity's share of earnings and losses of the investee, adjusted for any distributions (dividends) and other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses recognized.
        label: Equity method investment
        terseLabel: Equity Method Investments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EquityMethodInvestments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-5-equity-method-investment-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r203
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for equity method investments and joint ventures. Equity method investments are investments that give the investor the ability to exercise significant influence over the operating and financial policies of an investee. Joint ventures are entities owned and operated by a small group of businesses as a separate and specific business or project for the mutual benefit of the members of the group.
        label: Equity Method Investments and Joint Ventures Disclosure [Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EquityMethodInvestmentsDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-5-equity-method-investment
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsPolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r32
      r90
      r105
      r201
      r373
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for equity method of accounting for investments and other interests. Investment includes, but is not limited to, unconsolidated subsidiary, corporate joint venture, noncontrolling interest in real estate venture, limited partnership, and limited liability company. Information includes, but is not limited to, ownership percentage, reason equity method is or is not considered appropriate, and accounting policy election for distribution received.
        label: Equity Method Investments [Policy Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EquityMethodInvestmentsPolicy
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r105
      r369
      r370
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for determining the fair value of financial instruments.
        label: Fair Value of Financial Instruments, Policy [Policy Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Equipment commonly used in offices and stores that have no permanent connection to the structure of a building or utilities. Examples include, but are not limited to, desks, chairs, tables, and bookcases.
        label: Furniture and Fixtures [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FurnitureAndFixturesMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r96
      r217
      r222
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 11.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property, plant and equipment assets, excluding oil and gas property and timber property.
        label: us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets
        negatedLabel: Loss on disposal of equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GranteeStatusAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r266
      r268
      r298
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by status of recipient to whom award is granted.
        label: Grantee Status [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GranteeStatusAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GranteeStatusDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Status of recipient to whom award is granted.
        label: Grantee Status [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GranteeStatusDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GrossProfit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r74
      r107
      r170
      r179
      r182
      r185
      r187
      r202
      r373
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-operations-and-comprehensive-loss: {
       order: 0.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate revenue less cost of goods and services sold or operating expenses directly attributable to the revenue generation activity.
        label: us-gaap_GrossProfit
        totalLabel: GROSS PROFIT
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GrossProfit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-operations-and-comprehensive-loss
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r105
      r216
      r224
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for recognizing and measuring the impairment of long-lived assets. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for long-lived assets to be sold. This policy excludes goodwill and intangible assets.
        label: Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets, Policy [Policy Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest: {
     auth_ref: [
      r67
      r170
      r179
      r182
      r185
      r187
      r423
      r429
      r434
      r446
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-operations-and-comprehensive-loss: {
       order: 0.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations, including income (loss) from equity method investments, before deduction of income tax expense (benefit), and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.
        label: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest
        totalLabel: INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE INCOME TAXES
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-operations-and-comprehensive-loss
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r68
      r96
      r168
      r199
      r428
      r442
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of income (loss) for proportionate share of equity method investee's income (loss).
        label: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments
        terseLabel: Income (Loss) from Equity Method Investments, Total
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-5-equity-method-investment-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Income Statement [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeStatementAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r223
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by location in the income statement.
        label: Income Statement Location [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeStatementLocationAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Location in the income statement.
        label: Income Statement Location [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeStatementLocationDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r324
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by tax jurisdiction.
        label: Income Tax Authority [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Agency, division or body classification that levies income taxes, examines tax returns for compliance, or grants exemptions from or makes other decisions pertaining to income taxes.
        label: Income Tax Authority [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxAuthorityDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r322
      r326
      r331
      r342
      r347
      r349
      r350
      r351
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position, net change during the year in the total valuation allowance, approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets, utilization of a tax carryback, and tax uncertainties information.
        label: Income Tax Disclosure [Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxExaminationPenaltiesAndInterestExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r323
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The sum of the amounts of estimated penalties and interest recognized in the period arising from income tax examinations.
        label: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExaminationPenaltiesAndInterestExpense
        terseLabel: Income Tax Examination, Penalties and Interest Expense, Total
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxExaminationPenaltiesAndInterestExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r108
      r128
      r129
      r169
      r320
      r343
      r348
      r447
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-operations-and-comprehensive-loss: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current income tax expense (benefit) and deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to continuing operations.
        label: INCOME TAX EXPENSE
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-operations-and-comprehensive-loss
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r65
      r105
      r318
      r319
      r326
      r327
      r330
      r336
      r462
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes, which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances, recognizing investment tax credits, operating loss carryforwards, tax credit carryforwards, and other carryforwards, methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
        label: Income Tax, Policy [Policy Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid: {
     auth_ref: [
      r93
      r100
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign, federal, state, and local authorities as taxes on income.
        label: Taxes paid
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxesPaid
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r95
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 10.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate amount of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business.
        label: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable
        terseLabel: Accounts payable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r95
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in amount due within one year (or one business cycle) from customers for the credit sale of goods and services.
        label: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable
        negatedLabel: Accounts receivable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r95
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 12.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid.
        label: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities
        terseLabel: Accrued expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories: {
     auth_ref: [
      r95
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity, associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
        label: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories
        negatedLabel: Inventories
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInInventories
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r95
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 8.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in operating assets classified as other.
        label: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingAssets
        negatedLabel: Other assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r95
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in prepaid expenses, and assets classified as other.
        label: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets
        negatedLabel: Prepaid expenses and other current assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InterestExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r66
      r166
      r382
      r383
      r433
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-operations-and-comprehensive-loss: {
       order: 0.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the cost of borrowed funds accounted for as interest expense.
        label: us-gaap_InterestExpense
        negatedLabel: Interest Expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InterestExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-operations-and-comprehensive-loss
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt: {
     auth_ref: [
      r78
      r233
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the cost of borrowed funds accounted for as interest expense for debt.
        label: us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt
        terseLabel: Interest Expense, Debt, Total
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InterestExpenseDebt
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InterestExpenseMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r367
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing interest expense.
        label: Interest Expense [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InterestExpenseMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InterestPaidNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r89
      r92
      r100
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash paid for interest, excluding capitalized interest, classified as operating activity. Includes, but is not limited to, payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.
        label: Interest paid
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InterestPaidNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r10
      r11
      r40
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of [accrued] interest payable on all forms of debt, including trade payables, that has been incurred and is unpaid. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
        label: us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrent
        terseLabel: Interest Payable, Current
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InterestPayableCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r212
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes, but is not limited to, the basis of stating inventory, the method of determining inventory cost, the classes of inventory, and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
        label: Inventory Disclosure [Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-3-inventories
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods: {
     auth_ref: [
      r46
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-3-inventories-summary-of-inventories-details: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_InventoryGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of completed merchandise or goods expected to be sold within one year or operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Finished Goods
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryFinishedGoods
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-3-inventories-summary-of-inventories-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r49
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-3-inventories-summary-of-inventories-details: {
       order: 0.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_InventoryNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Gross amount, as of the balance sheet date, of merchandise, goods, commodities, or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing, servicing or production process.
        label: us-gaap_InventoryGross
        totalLabel: Inventory, Gross, Total
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-3-inventories-summary-of-inventories-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r2
      r49
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-3-inventories-summary-of-inventories-details: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold, or consumed within one year or operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Inventories, net
        totalLabel: Inventory, Net, Total
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-3-inventories-summary-of-inventories-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r12
      r50
      r105
      r149
      r208
      r210
      r212
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes, including, but not limited to, basis for determining inventory amounts, methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes, loss recognition on impairment of inventories, and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.
        label: Inventory, Policy [Policy Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryValuationReserves: {
     auth_ref: [
      r49
      r111
      r211
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-3-inventories-summary-of-inventories-details: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_InventoryNet
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of valuation reserve for inventory.
        label: us-gaap_InventoryValuationReserves
        negatedLabel: Reserve for Obsolete Inventory
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryValuationReserves
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-3-inventories-summary-of-inventories-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryWorkInProcess: {
     auth_ref: [
      r47
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-3-inventories-summary-of-inventories-details: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_InventoryGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of merchandise or goods in the production process expected to be completed within one year or operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Packaging Components Material
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryWorkInProcess
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-3-inventories-summary-of-inventories-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryWorkInProcessAndRawMaterials: {
     auth_ref: [
      r48
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-3-inventories-summary-of-inventories-details: {
       order: 0.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_InventoryGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of items held by the entity which are partially completed at the time of measurement and unprocessed items that will go through the production process and become part of the final product.  Includes supplies used directly or indirectly in the manufacturing or production process.  This element may be used when the reporting entity combines work in process and raw materials into an aggregate amount.
        label: Raw Materials and Work in Process
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryWorkInProcessAndRawMaterials
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-3-inventories-summary-of-inventories-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryWriteDown: {
     auth_ref: [
      r209
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 0.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of loss from reductions in inventory due to subsequent measurement adjustments, including, but not limited to, physical deterioration, obsolescence, or changes in price levels.
        label: Inventory obsolescence
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryWriteDown
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LandBuildingsAndImprovementsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Real estate held and additions or improvements to real estate held and structures used in the conduct of business.
        label: Land, Buildings and Improvements [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LandBuildingsAndImprovementsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment-summary-of-property-plant-and-equipment-details
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets, including but not limited to, furniture and equipment, that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture, sale or creation of a product or product line.
        label: us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense
        terseLabel: Operating Leases, Rent Expense, Total
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LeaseAndRentalExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LeaseCostTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r398
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of lessee's lease cost. Includes, but is not limited to, interest expense for finance lease, amortization of right-of-use asset for finance lease, operating lease cost, short-term lease cost, variable lease cost and sublease income.
        label: Lease, Cost [Table Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LeaseCostTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-tables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r219
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Additions or improvements to assets held under a lease arrangement.
        label: Leasehold Improvements [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LeaseholdImprovementsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment-summary-of-property-plant-and-equipment-details
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r399
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of undiscounted cash flows of lessee's operating lease liability. Includes, but is not limited to, reconciliation of undiscounted cash flows to operating lease liability recognized in statement of financial position.
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, Maturity [Table Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-tables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r399
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-lessee-operating-lease-liability-maturity-details: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for operating lease.
        label: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue
        totalLabel: Total lease payments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-lessee-operating-lease-liability-maturity-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths: {
     auth_ref: [
      r399
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-lessee-operating-lease-liability-maturity-details: {
       order: 0.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for operating lease to be paid in next fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).
        label: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths
        terseLabel: 2021
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-lessee-operating-lease-liability-maturity-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFour: {
     auth_ref: [
      r399
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-lessee-operating-lease-liability-maturity-details: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for operating lease to be paid in fourth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).
        label: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFour
        terseLabel: 2024
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFour
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-lessee-operating-lease-liability-maturity-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearThree: {
     auth_ref: [
      r399
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-lessee-operating-lease-liability-maturity-details: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for operating lease to be paid in third fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).
        label: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearThree
        terseLabel: 2023
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearThree
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-lessee-operating-lease-liability-maturity-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearTwo: {
     auth_ref: [
      r399
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-lessee-operating-lease-liability-maturity-details: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for operating lease to be paid in second fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).
        label: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearTwo
        terseLabel: 2022
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearTwo
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-lessee-operating-lease-liability-maturity-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityUndiscountedExcessAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r399
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments in excess of discounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease.
        label: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityUndiscountedExcessAmount
        negatedTerseLabel: Less: Imputed interest
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityUndiscountedExcessAmount
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-lessee-operating-lease-liability-maturity-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseRemainingLeaseTerm: {
     auth_ref: [
      r391
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Remaining lease term of operating lease, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseRemainingLeaseTerm
        terseLabel: Lessee, Operating Lease, Remaining Lease Term (Year)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseRemainingLeaseTerm
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseRenewalTerm: {
     auth_ref: [
      r392
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Term of lessee's operating lease renewal, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseRenewalTerm
        terseLabel: Lessee, Operating Lease, Renewal Term (Year)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseRenewalTerm
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_Liabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r39
      r107
      r181
      r202
      r355
      r360
      r361
      r373
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all liabilities that are recognized. Liabilities are probable future sacrifices of economic benefits arising from present obligations of an entity to transfer assets or provide services to other entities in the future.
        label: us-gaap_Liabilities
        totalLabel: Total Liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Liabilities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r27
      r107
      r202
      r373
      r427
      r440
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of liabilities and equity items, including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests, if any.
        label: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity
        totalLabel: Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r41
      r107
      r202
      r355
      r360
      r361
      r373
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-: {
       order: 0.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Liabilities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle, if longer.
        label: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent
        totalLabel: Total Current Liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: CURRENT LIABILITIES:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r38
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Maximum borrowing capacity under the credit facility without consideration of any current restrictions on the amount that could be borrowed or the amounts currently outstanding under the facility.
        label: us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity
        terseLabel: Line of Credit Facility, Maximum Borrowing Capacity
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LondonInterbankOfferedRateLIBORMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Interest rate at which a bank borrows funds from other banks in the London interbank market.
        label: London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LondonInterbankOfferedRateLIBORMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebt: {
     auth_ref: [
      r18
      r232
      r426
      r437
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs, of long-term debt. Includes, but not limited to, notes payable, bonds payable, debentures, mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
        label: us-gaap_LongTermDebt
        terseLabel: Long-term Debt, Total
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebt
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r42
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Liabilities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs of long-term debt classified as noncurrent and excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer. Includes, but not limited to, notes payable, bonds payable, debentures, mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
        label: Long term debt
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r42
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of long-term debt.
        label: Long-term Debt, Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongtermDebtTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r42
      r231
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Type of long-term debt arrangement, such as notes, line of credit, commercial paper, asset-based financing, project financing, letter of credit financing. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the company, if longer.
        label: Long-term Debt, Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongtermDebtTypeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tangible personal property used to produce goods and services, including, but is not limited to, tools, dies and molds, computer and office equipment.
        label: Machinery and Equipment [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MachineryAndEquipmentMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment-summary-of-property-plant-and-equipment-details
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r91
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseExcludingExchangeRateEffect
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities, including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on, and a return of, their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed, or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
        label: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
        totalLabel: Net cash flows provided by financing activities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r91
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseExcludingExchangeRateEffect
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities, including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property, plant, and equipment and other productive assets.
        label: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities
        totalLabel: Net cash flows used in investing activities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r91
      r94
      r97
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 0.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseExcludingExchangeRateEffect
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities, including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions, adjustments, and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
        label: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
        totalLabel: Net cash flows from operating activities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r0
      r59
      r62
      r69
      r97
      r107
      r118
      r122
      r123
      r124
      r125
      r128
      r129
      r137
      r170
      r179
      r182
      r185
      r187
      r202
      r373
      r430
      r443
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-operations-and-comprehensive-loss: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The portion of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent.
        label: Net income (loss)
        terseLabel: Net Income/(loss)
        totalLabel: INCOME (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetIncomeLoss
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-changes-in-stockholders-equity
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-operations-and-comprehensive-loss
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-15-unaudited-quarterly-results-schedule-of-quarterly-financial-information-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic: {
     auth_ref: [
      r122
      r123
      r124
      r125
      r133
      r134
      r138
      r141
      r170
      r179
      r182
      r185
      r187
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after deduction of tax, noncontrolling interests, dividends on preferred stock and participating securities; of income (loss) available to common shareholders.
        label: us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic
        terseLabel: Net Income/(loss) attributable to common stockholders
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-15-unaudited-quarterly-results-schedule-of-quarterly-financial-information-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsAndChangesInAccountingPrinciplesTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r116
      r117
      r120
      r121
      r130
      r131
      r132
      r205
      r206
      r255
      r256
      r257
      r258
      r307
      r339
      r340
      r341
      r420
      r421
      r422
      r456
      r457
      r458
      r459
      r460
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for change in accounting principle. Includes, but is not limited to, nature, reason, and method of adopting amendment to accounting standards or other change in accounting principle.
        label: Accounting Standards Update and Change in Accounting Principle [Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NewAccountingPronouncementsAndChangesInAccountingPrinciplesTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-2-recently-issued-accounting-standards
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NoncashInvestingAndFinancingItemsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: NON-CASH FINANCING AND INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NoncashInvestingAndFinancingItemsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r77
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-operations-and-comprehensive-loss: {
       order: 0.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say, excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).
        label: us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense
        totalLabel: Nonoperating Income (Expense), Total
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NonoperatingIncomeExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-operations-and-comprehensive-loss
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: OTHER INCOME/(EXPENSES):
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-operations-and-comprehensive-loss
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r170
      r179
      r182
      r185
      r187
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-operations-and-comprehensive-loss: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The net result for the period of deducting operating expenses from operating revenues.
        label: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss
        terseLabel: Income/(loss) from operations
        totalLabel: INCOME (LOSS) FROM OPERATIONS
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingIncomeLoss
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-operations-and-comprehensive-loss
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-15-unaudited-quarterly-results-schedule-of-quarterly-financial-information-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r393
      r400
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of single lease cost, calculated by allocation of remaining cost of lease over remaining lease term. Includes, but is not limited to, single lease cost, after impairment of right-of-use asset, calculated by amortization of remaining right-of-use asset and accretion of lease liability.
        label: us-gaap_OperatingLeaseCost
        terseLabel: Operating lease cost
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseCost
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-lease-cost-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiability: {
     auth_ref: [
      r389
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease.
        label: us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiability
        verboseLabel: Present value of lease liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseLiability
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-lessee-operating-lease-liability-maturity-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r389
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease, classified as current.
        label: Current operating lease liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseLiabilityCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r389
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Liabilities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease, classified as noncurrent.
        label: Long term operating lease liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasePayments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r390
      r394
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash outflow from operating lease, excluding payments to bring another asset to condition and location necessary for its intended use.
        label: us-gaap_OperatingLeasePayments
        terseLabel: Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeasePayments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-supplemental-cash-flow-information-related-to-leases-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset: {
     auth_ref: [
      r388
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's right to use underlying asset under operating lease.
        label: Operating lease right of use assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r397
      r400
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average discount rate for operating lease calculated at point in time.
        label: us-gaap_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent
        terseLabel: Weighted-average discount rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-operating-leases-of-lessee-disclosure-details
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r396
      r400
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average remaining lease term for operating lease, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: us-gaap_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1
        terseLabel: Weighted-average remaining lease term (Year)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-operating-leases-of-lessee-disclosure-details
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r230
      r384
      r385
      r386
      r387
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure for lessee's operating leases. Includes, but is not limited to, description of lessee's operating lease, existence and terms of renewal or purchase options and escalation clauses, restrictions imposed by lease, such as those concerning dividends, additional debt, and further leasing, rent holidays, rent concessions, or leasehold improvement incentives and unusual provisions or conditions.
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Disclosure [Table Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-tables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards: {
     auth_ref: [
      r332
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of operating loss carryforward, before tax effects, available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.
        label: us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards
        terseLabel: Operating Loss Carryforwards, Total
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLossCarryforwards
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationBasisOfPresentationBusinessDescriptionAndAccountingPoliciesTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r112
      r132
      r163
      r364
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for the general note to the financial statements for the reporting entity which may include, descriptions of the basis of presentation, business description, significant accounting policies, consolidations, reclassifications, new pronouncements not yet adopted and changes in accounting principles.
        label: Organization, Consolidation, Basis of Presentation, Business Description and Accounting Policies [Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OrganizationConsolidationBasisOfPresentationBusinessDescriptionAndAccountingPoliciesTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r9
      r10
      r11
      r40
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-7-accrued-expenses-summary-of-accrued-expenses-details: {
       order: 8.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid classified as other, due within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Other Accrued Expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-7-accrued-expenses-summary-of-accrued-expenses-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r51
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current assets classified as other.
        label: Other current assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherAssetsCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherAssetsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r365
      r368
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing other assets.
        label: Other Assets [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherAssetsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r36
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of noncurrent assets classified as other.
        label: Other assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherAssetsNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r53
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-operations-and-comprehensive-loss: {
       order: 0.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments, foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
        label: Foreign Currency Translation
        terseLabel: Change in foreign currency translation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-changes-in-stockholders-equity
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-operations-and-comprehensive-loss
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r60
      r63
      r352
      r353
      r357
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-operations-and-comprehensive-loss: {
       order: 0.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax of other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to parent entity.
        label: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent
        totalLabel: TOTAL OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-operations-and-comprehensive-loss
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS):
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParentAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-operations-and-comprehensive-loss
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherCurrentAssetsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r365
      r368
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing other current assets.
        label: Other Current Assets [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherCurrentAssetsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r79
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-operations-and-comprehensive-loss: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities, classified as other.
        label: Other Income/(Expenses), net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-operations-and-comprehensive-loss
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PaymentsOfFinancingCosts: {
     auth_ref: [
      r88
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow for loan and debt issuance costs.
        label: us-gaap_PaymentsOfFinancingCosts
        negatedLabel: Financing fees paid in connection with borrowings
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsOfFinancingCosts
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PaymentsRelatedToTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r86
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash outflow to satisfy grantee's tax withholding obligation for award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: us-gaap_PaymentsRelatedToTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation
        negatedLabel: Tax withholdings related to net shares settlements of restricted stock units
        terseLabel: Payment, Tax Withholding, Share-based Payment Arrangement
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsRelatedToTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireEquityMethodInvestments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r81
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow associated with the purchase of or advances to an equity method investments, which are investments in joint ventures and entities in which the entity has an equity ownership interest normally of 20 to 50 percent and exercises significant influence.
        label: us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireEquityMethodInvestments
        negatedLabel: Investments in equity method investment
        terseLabel: Payments to Acquire Equity Method Investments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsToAcquireEquityMethodInvestments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-5-equity-method-investment-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r82
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow for purchases of and capital improvements on property, plant and equipment (capital expenditures), software, and other intangible assets.
        label: us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets
        negatedLabel: Acquisitions of property, plant and equipment, software and deposits on equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireShortTermInvestments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r83
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 0.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow for securities or other assets acquired, which qualify for treatment as an investing activity and are to be liquidated, if necessary, within the current operating cycle. Includes cash flows from securities classified as trading securities that were acquired for reasons other than sale in the short-term.
        label: us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireShortTermInvestments
        negatedLabel: Purchase of short-term investments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsToAcquireShortTermInvestments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PerformanceSharesMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based payment arrangement awarded for meeting performance target.
        label: Performance Shares [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PerformanceSharesMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-share-based-compensation-performance-shares-award-outstanding-details
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PlanNameAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r271
      r302
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by plan name for share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Plan Name [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PlanNameAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PlanNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Plan name for share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Plan Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PlanNameDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PolicyTextBlockAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: us-gaap_PolicyTextBlockAbstract
        terseLabel: Accounting Policies
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PolicyTextBlockAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PreferredStockDividendsAndOtherAdjustments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r134
      r142
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate value of preferred stock dividends and other adjustments necessary to derive net income apportioned to common stockholders.
        label: us-gaap_PreferredStockDividendsAndOtherAdjustments
        terseLabel: Preferred Stock Dividends and Other Adjustments, Total
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PreferredStockDividendsAndOtherAdjustments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-11-earnings-per-share-attributable-to-common-stockholder-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PrepaidAdvertising: {
     auth_ref: [
      r5
      r213
      r215
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of consideration paid in advance for advertising that provides economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer.
        label: us-gaap_PrepaidAdvertising
        terseLabel: Prepaid Advertising
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PrepaidAdvertising
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r4
      r7
      r214
      r215
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Prepaid expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PrepaidExpenseCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceInitialPublicOffering: {
     auth_ref: [
      r84
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash inflow associated with the amount received from entity's first offering of stock to the public.
        label: Proceeds from common shares issued in primary offering, net of issuance cost
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromIssuanceInitialPublicOffering
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt: {
     auth_ref: [
      r85
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash inflow from a debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the operating cycle, if longer.
        label: us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt
        terseLabel: Proceeds from Issuance of Long-term Debt, Total
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r85
      r109
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow from contractual arrangement with the lender, including but not limited to, letter of credit, standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.
        label: Proceeds from borrowings under Credit Facilities
        terseLabel: Proceeds from Lines of Credit, Total
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromMaturitiesPrepaymentsAndCallsOfShorttermInvestments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r80
      r83
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash inflow from maturities, prepayments, calls and collections of all investments, including securities and other assets, having ready marketability and intended by management to be liquidated, if necessary, within the current operating cycle. Includes cash flows from securities classified as trading securities that were acquired for reasons other than sale in the short-term.
        label: Proceeds from maturities of short-term investments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromMaturitiesPrepaymentsAndCallsOfShorttermInvestments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised: {
     auth_ref: [
      r84
      r303
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow from exercise of option under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Proceeds from exercise of options to purchase common stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r35
      r221
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of long-lived, physical assets used to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.
        label: Long-Lived Tangible Asset [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment-summary-of-property-plant-and-equipment-details
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r225
      r463
      r464
      r465
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for long-lived, physical asset used in normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes, but is not limited to, work of art, historical treasure, and similar asset classified as collections.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment Disclosure [Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r34
      r219
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment-summary-of-property-plant-and-equipment-details: {
       order: 0.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include, but are not limited to, land, buildings, machinery and equipment, office equipment, and furniture and fixtures.
        label: Property, plant and equipment, gross
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment-summary-of-property-plant-and-equipment-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r14
      r15
      r221
      r441
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-: {
       order: 0.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment-summary-of-property-plant-and-equipment-details: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include, but are not limited to, land, buildings, machinery and equipment, office equipment, and furniture and fixtures.
        label: Property, plant and equipment, net
        totalLabel: Property, Plant and Equipment, Net, Ending Balance
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment-summary-of-property-plant-and-equipment-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r33
      r105
      r221
      r463
      r464
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived, physical asset used in normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes, but is not limited to, work of art, historical treasure, and similar asset classified as collections.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment, Policy [Policy Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r14
      r221
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes, but is not limited to, balances by class of assets, depreciation and depletion expense and method used, including composite depreciation, and accumulated deprecation.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment [Table Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment-tables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r14
      r219
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Listing of long-lived, physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include land, buildings, machinery and equipment, and other types of furniture and equipment including, but not limited to, office equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment and software.
        label: Long-Lived Tangible Asset [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTypeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment-summary-of-property-plant-and-equipment-details
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Useful life of long lived, physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days. Examples include, but not limited to, land, buildings, machinery and equipment, office equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment.
        label: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife
        terseLabel: Property, Plant and Equipment, Useful Life (Year)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts: {
     auth_ref: [
      r72
      r207
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 9.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expense (reversal of expense) for expected credit loss on accounts receivable.
        label: Provision for loss/(gains) on accounts receivable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r151
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for quarterly financial data. Includes, but is not limited to, tabular presentation of financial information for fiscal quarters, effect of year-end adjustments, and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability of the information.
        label: Quarterly Financial Information [Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-15-unaudited-quarterly-results
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r105
      r194
      r196
      r197
      r198
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for receivable. Includes, but is not limited to, accounts receivable and financing receivable.
        label: Receivable [Policy Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAmountsOfTransaction: {
     auth_ref: [
      r403
      r406
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of transactions with related party during the financial reporting period.
        label: us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAmountsOfTransaction
        terseLabel: Related Party Transaction, Amounts of Transaction
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionAmountsOfTransaction
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-13-related-party-transactions-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r401
      r402
      r404
      r407
      r408
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for related party transactions. Examples of related party transactions include transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiary; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) and entity and its principal owners; and (d) affiliates.
        label: Related Party Transactions Disclosure [Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-13-related-party-transactions
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r87
      r109
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 0.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash outflow for payment of an obligation from a lender, including but not limited to, letter of credit, standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.
        label: us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit
        negatedLabel: Repayment of borrowings under Credit Facilities
        terseLabel: Repayments of Lines of Credit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r316
      r466
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service, a new process or technique, or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use, during the reporting period charged to research and development projects, including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility, and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.
        label: us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense
        terseLabel: Research and Development Expense, Total
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r105
      r316
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for costs it has incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service, a new process or technique, or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.
        label: Research and Development Expense, Policy [Policy Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share instrument which is convertible to stock or an equivalent amount of cash, after a specified period of time or when specified performance conditions are met.
        label: Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-restricted-stock-units-award-activity-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-11-earnings-per-share-attributable-to-common-stockholder-schedule-of-antidilutive-securities-excluded-from-computation-of-earnings-per-share-details
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r23
      r236
      r308
      r439
      r456
      r460
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cumulative amount of the reporting entity's undistributed earnings or deficit.
        label: Accumulated deficit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r113
      r114
      r115
      r119
      r127
      r129
      r204
      r304
      r305
      r306
      r337
      r338
      r453
      r455
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cumulative amount of the reporting entity's undistributed earnings or deficit.
        label: Retained Earnings [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RetainedEarningsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-changes-in-stockholders-equity
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r164
      r165
      r178
      r183
      r184
      r188
      r189
      r190
      r250
      r251
      r419
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-operations-and-comprehensive-loss: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_GrossProfit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, excluding tax collected from customer, of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction, including, but not limited to, sales, use, value added and excise.
        label: NET SALES
        terseLabel: Net sales
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-operations-and-comprehensive-loss
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-net-sales-by-class-of-retailer-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-15-unaudited-quarterly-results-schedule-of-quarterly-financial-information-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r106
      r242
      r243
      r244
      r245
      r246
      r247
      r248
      r249
      r259
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue from contract with customer.
        label: Revenue from Contract with Customer [Policy Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RevenueFromContractWithCustomerPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Arrangement in which loan proceeds can continuously be obtained following repayments, but the total amount borrowed cannot exceed a specified maximum amount.
        label: Revolving Credit Facility [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RevolvingCreditFacilityMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RightOfUseAssetObtainedInExchangeForOperatingLeaseLiability: {
     auth_ref: [
      r395
      r400
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in right-of-use asset obtained in exchange for operating lease liability.
        label: us-gaap_RightOfUseAssetObtainedInExchangeForOperatingLeaseLiability
        terseLabel: Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RightOfUseAssetObtainedInExchangeForOperatingLeaseLiability
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-supplemental-cash-flow-information-related-to-leases-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r158
      r190
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Revenue from sale of product and rendering of service and other sources of income, when it serves as benchmark in concentration of risk calculation.
        label: Revenue Benchmark [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SalesRevenueNetMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the components of accrued liabilities.
        label: Schedule of Accrued Liabilities [Table Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-7-accrued-expenses-tables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r143
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of securities (including those issuable pursuant to contingent stock agreements) that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share (EPS) in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS because to do so would increase EPS amounts or decrease loss per share amounts for the period presented, by antidilutive securities.
        label: Schedule of Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share [Table Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-11-earnings-per-share-attributable-to-common-stockholder-tables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r336
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including, but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit), deferred tax expense (benefit), investment tax credits, government grants, the benefits of operating loss carryforwards, tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity, adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity, and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.
        label: Schedule of Components of Income Tax Expense (Benefit) [Table Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-tables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r329
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position, including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities, the total of all deferred tax assets, the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
        label: Schedule of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities [Table Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-tables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r321
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the reconciliation using percentage or dollar amounts of the reported amount of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for the year to the amount of income tax expense that would result from applying domestic federal statutory tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations.
        label: Schedule of Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation [Table Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-tables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r12
      r28
      r29
      r30
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise, goods, commodities, or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing, servicing or production process.
        label: Schedule of Inventory, Current [Table Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-3-inventories-tables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfNonvestedPerformanceBasedUnitsActivityTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r284
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the changes in outstanding nonvested performance-based units.
        label: Schedule of Nonvested Performance-based Units Activity [Table Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfNonvestedPerformanceBasedUnitsActivityTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-tables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfNonvestedShareActivityTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r284
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the changes in outstanding nonvested shares.
        label: Schedule of Nonvested Share Activity [Table Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfNonvestedShareActivityTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-tables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r150
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of quarterly financial data. Includes, but is not limited to, financial information for fiscal quarters, cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.
        label: Quarterly Financial Information [Table Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-15-unaudited-quarterly-results-tables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationRestrictedStockUnitsAwardActivityTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r278
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the number and weighted-average grant date fair value for restricted stock units that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year, and the number of restricted stock units that were granted, vested, or forfeited during the year.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Restricted Stock Unit, Activity [Table Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationRestrictedStockUnitsAwardActivityTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-tables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r278
      r289
      r292
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure for stock option plans. Includes, but is not limited to, outstanding awards at beginning and end of year, grants, exercises, forfeitures, and weighted-average grant date fair value.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Option, Activity [Table Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-tables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r294
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of stock options, including, but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments, (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares, (c) expected dividends, (d) risk-free rate(s), and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.
        label: Schedule of Share-based Payment Award, Stock Options, Valuation Assumptions [Table Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-tables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r105
      r172
      r173
      r174
      r175
      r176
      r177
      r189
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for segment reporting.
        label: Segment Reporting, Policy [Policy Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r76
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-operations-and-comprehensive-loss: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services, as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example, credit, warranty, and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products, for example telephone expenses, Internet, and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel, rent, utilities, communication, etc.
        label: SELLING, GENERAL, AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-operations-and-comprehensive-loss
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing selling, general and administrative expense.
        label: Selling, General and Administrative Expenses [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r95
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 13.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of noncash expense for share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Share-based compensation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r272
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Period over which grantee's right to exercise award under share-based payment arrangement is no longer contingent on satisfaction of service or performance condition, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days. Includes, but is not limited to, combination of market, performance or service condition.
        label: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1
        terseLabel: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Award Vesting Period (Year)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r283
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of equity-based payment instruments, excluding stock (or unit) options, that were forfeited during the reporting period.
        label: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod
        negatedTerseLabel: Forfeited (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-nonvested-performance-based-units-activity-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-restricted-stock-units-award-activity-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-share-based-compensation-performance-shares-award-outstanding-details
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r288
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average fair value as of the grant date of equity-based award plans other than stock (unit) option plans that were not exercised or put into effect as a result of the occurrence of a terminating event.
        label: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
        terseLabel: Forfeited, weighted average grant date fair value (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-nonvested-performance-based-units-activity-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-restricted-stock-units-award-activity-details
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r286
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example, phantom stock or unit plan, stock or unit appreciation rights plan, performance target plan).
        label: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod
        terseLabel: Granted (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-nonvested-performance-based-units-activity-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-restricted-stock-units-award-activity-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-share-based-compensation-performance-shares-award-outstanding-details
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r286
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example, phantom stock or unit plan, stock or unit appreciation rights plan, performance target plan).
        label: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
        terseLabel: Granted, weighted average grant date fair value (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-nonvested-performance-based-units-activity-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-restricted-stock-units-award-activity-details
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r285
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments, excluding stock (or unit) options, that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.
        label: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber
        periodEndLabel: Balance (in shares)
        periodStartLabel: Balance (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-nonvested-performance-based-units-activity-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-restricted-stock-units-award-activity-details
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r285
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Per share or unit weighted-average fair value of nonvested award under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes share and unit options.
        label: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
        periodEndLabel: Balance, weighted average grant date fair value (in dollars per share)
        periodStartLabel: Balance, weighted average grant date fair value (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-nonvested-performance-based-units-activity-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-restricted-stock-units-award-activity-details
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerms: {
     auth_ref: [
      r293
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average remaining contractual term for equity-based awards excluding options, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerms
        terseLabel: Balance, average remaining contractual term (Year)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerms
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-share-based-compensation-performance-shares-award-outstanding-details
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r287
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of equity-based payment instruments, excluding stock (or unit) options, that vested during the reporting period.
        label: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod
        negatedTerseLabel: Vested (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-nonvested-performance-based-units-activity-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-restricted-stock-units-award-activity-details
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r287
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The weighted average fair value as of grant date pertaining to an equity-based award plan other than a stock (or unit) option plan for which the grantee gained the right during the reporting period, by satisfying service and performance requirements, to receive or retain shares or units, other instruments, or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.
        label: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
        terseLabel: Vested, weighted average grant date fair value (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-nonvested-performance-based-units-activity-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-restricted-stock-units-award-activity-details
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r296
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The estimated dividend rate (a percentage of the share price) to be paid (expected dividends) to holders of the underlying shares over the option's term.
        label: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate
        terseLabel: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Expected Dividend Rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-schedule-of-share-based-payment-award-stock-options-valuation-assumptions-details
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRateMaximum: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The estimated measure of the maximum percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends, if any, over the period.
        label: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRateMaximum
        terseLabel: Expected volatility
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRateMaximum
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-schedule-of-share-based-payment-award-stock-options-valuation-assumptions-details
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRateMinimum: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The estimated measure of the minimum percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends, if any, over the period.
        label: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRateMinimum
        terseLabel: Expected volatility
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRateMinimum
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-schedule-of-share-based-payment-award-stock-options-valuation-assumptions-details
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r297
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The risk-free interest rate assumption that is used in valuing an option on its own shares.
        label: Risk-free interest rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-schedule-of-share-based-payment-award-stock-options-valuation-assumptions-details
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRateMaximum: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The maximum risk-free interest rate assumption that is used in valuing an option on its own shares.
        label: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRateMaximum
        terseLabel: Risk-free interest rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRateMaximum
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-schedule-of-share-based-payment-award-stock-options-valuation-assumptions-details
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRateMinimum: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The minimum risk-free interest rate assumption that is used in valuing an option on its own shares.
        label: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRateMinimum
        terseLabel: Risk-free interest rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRateMinimum
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-schedule-of-share-based-payment-award-stock-options-valuation-assumptions-details
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfAdditionalSharesAuthorized: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of additional shares authorized for issuance under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfAdditionalSharesAuthorized
        terseLabel: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Number of Additional Shares Authorized (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfAdditionalSharesAuthorized
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r274
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares authorized for issuance under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized
        terseLabel: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Number of Shares Authorized (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant: {
     auth_ref: [
      r302
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The difference between the maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) authorized for issuance under the plan (including the effects of amendments and adjustments), and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards, net of cancellations and forfeitures, if applicable.
        label: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant
        terseLabel: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Number of Shares Available for Grant (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r281
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of shares into which fully or partially vested stock options outstanding as of the balance sheet date can be currently converted under the option plan.
        label: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber
        terseLabel: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercisable, Number (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-stock-options-activity-details
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: [
      r281
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The weighted-average price as of the balance sheet date at which grantees can acquire the shares reserved for issuance on vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable under the stock option plan.
        label: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice
        terseLabel: Exercisable, weighted average exercise price (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-stock-options-activity-details
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r291
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of accumulated difference between fair value of underlying shares on dates of exercise and exercise price on options exercised (or share units converted) into shares.
        label: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue
        terseLabel: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercises in Period, Intrinsic Value
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r283
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of shares under options that were cancelled during the reporting period as a result of occurrence of a terminating event specified in contractual agreements pertaining to the stock option plan.
        label: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod
        negatedTerseLabel: Forfeited (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-nonvested-stock-options-activity-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-stock-options-activity-details
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Gross number of share options (or share units) granted during the period.
        label: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross
        terseLabel: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Grants in Period, Gross (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-nonvested-stock-options-activity-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-stock-options-activity-details
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r290
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The weighted average grant-date fair value of options granted during the reporting period as calculated by applying the disclosed option pricing methodology.
        label: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
        terseLabel: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Grants in Period, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-nonvested-stock-options-activity-details
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r302
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount by which the current fair value of the underlying stock exceeds the exercise price of options outstanding.
        label: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue
        terseLabel: Balance, aggregate intrinsic value
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-stock-options-activity-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r280
      r302
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of options outstanding, including both vested and non-vested options.
        label: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber
        periodEndLabel: Balance (in shares)
        periodStartLabel: Balance (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-stock-options-activity-details
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: [
      r279
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average price at which grantees can acquire the shares reserved for issuance under the stock option plan.
        label: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice
        periodEndLabel: Balance, weighted average exercise price (in dollars per share)
        periodStartLabel: Balance, weighted average exercise price (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-stock-options-activity-details
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingAggregateIntrinsicValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r292
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount by which current fair value of underlying stock exceeds exercise price of fully vested and expected to vest options outstanding. Includes, but is not limited to, unvested options for which requisite service period has not been rendered but that are expected to vest based on achievement of performance condition, if forfeitures are recognized when they occur.
        label: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingAggregateIntrinsicValue
        terseLabel: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Vested and Expected to Vest, Outstanding, Aggregate Intrinsic Value
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingAggregateIntrinsicValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardTypeAndPlanNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r269
      r275
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Award Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardTypeAndPlanNameDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-nonvested-performance-based-units-activity-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-nonvested-stock-options-activity-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-restricted-stock-units-award-activity-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-schedule-of-share-based-payment-award-stock-options-valuation-assumptions-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-share-based-compensation-performance-shares-award-outstanding-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-stock-options-activity-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-tables
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average price at which option holders acquired shares when converting their stock options into shares.
        label: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice
        terseLabel: Exercised, weighted average exercise price (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-stock-options-activity-details
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average price at which grantees could have acquired the underlying shares with respect to stock options that were terminated.
        label: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice
        terseLabel: Forfeited, weighted average exercise price (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-stock-options-activity-details
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average per share amount at which grantees can acquire shares of common stock by exercise of options.
        label: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice
        terseLabel: Granted, weighted average exercise price (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-schedule-of-share-based-payment-award-stock-options-valuation-assumptions-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-stock-options-activity-details
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationAwardTrancheOneMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: First portion of award under share-based payment arrangement differentiated by vesting feature, including, but not limited to, performance measure or service period.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Tranche One [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationAwardTrancheOneMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationAwardTrancheThreeMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Third portion of award under share-based payment arrangement differentiated by vesting feature, including, but not limited to, performance measure or service period.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Tranche Three [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationAwardTrancheThreeMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationAwardTrancheTwoMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Second portion of award under share-based payment arrangement differentiated by vesting feature, including, but not limited to, performance measure or service period.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Tranche Two [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationAwardTrancheTwoMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r105
      r271
      r276
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for award under share-based payment arrangement. Includes, but is not limited to, methodology and assumption used in measuring cost.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement [Policy Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationPerformanceSharesAwardOutstandingActivityTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r277
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the number and weighted-average grant date fair value for outstanding performance shares.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Performance Shares, Outstanding Activity [Table Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationPerformanceSharesAwardOutstandingActivityTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-tables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedPaymentArrangementEmployeeMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r268
      r298
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Recipient, of award granted under share-based payment arrangement, over whom grantor exercises or has right to exercise sufficient control to establish employer-employee relationship based on law of pertinent jurisdiction. Includes, but is not limited to, nonemployee director treated as employee when acting as member of board of directors, if elected by grantor's shareholders or appointed to board position to be filled by shareholder election when existing term expires.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Employee [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedPaymentArrangementEmployeeMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardCompensationCost1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r299
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cost expensed and capitalized for award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardCompensationCost1
        terseLabel: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Expensed and Capitalized, Amount, Total
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardCompensationCost1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAggregateIntrinsicValueOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Intrinsic value of outstanding award under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes share and unit options.
        label: us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAggregateIntrinsicValueOutstanding
        terseLabel: Balance, aggregate instrinsic value
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAggregateIntrinsicValueOutstanding
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-share-based-compensation-performance-shares-award-outstanding-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardExpirationPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r273
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Period from grant date that an equity-based award expires, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardExpirationPeriod
        terseLabel: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Expiration Period (Year)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardExpirationPeriod
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r295
      r309
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Expected term of award under share-based payment arrangement, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1
        terseLabel: Average expected terms in years (Year)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-schedule-of-share-based-payment-award-stock-options-valuation-assumptions-details
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r302
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of difference between fair value of the underlying shares reserved for issuance and exercise price of vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable.
        label: us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1
        terseLabel: Exercisable, aggregate intrinsic value
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-stock-options-activity-details
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r302
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average remaining contractual term for vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable or convertible, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1
        terseLabel: Exercisable, average remaining contractual term (Year)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-stock-options-activity-details
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedNumberOfShares: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of non-vested options outstanding.
        label: us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedNumberOfShares
        periodEndLabel: Balance (in shares)
        periodStartLabel: Balance (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedNumberOfShares
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-nonvested-stock-options-activity-details
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedOptionsForfeitedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average grant-date fair value of non-vested options forfeited.
        label: us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedOptionsForfeitedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
        terseLabel: Forfeited, weighted average grant date fair value (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedOptionsForfeitedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-nonvested-stock-options-activity-details
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average grant-date fair value of non-vested options outstanding.
        label: us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
        periodEndLabel: Balance, weighted average grant date fair value (in dollars per share)
        periodStartLabel: Balance, weighted average grant date fair value (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-nonvested-stock-options-activity-details
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2: {
     auth_ref: [
      r293
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2
        terseLabel: Balance, average remaining contractual term (Year)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-stock-options-activity-details
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedNumberOfShares: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of options vested.
        label: us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedNumberOfShares
        negatedTerseLabel: Vested (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedNumberOfShares
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-nonvested-stock-options-activity-details
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average grant-date fair value of options vested.
        label: us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
        terseLabel: Vested, weighted average grant date fair value (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-nonvested-stock-options-activity-details
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares issued which are neither cancelled nor held in the treasury.
        label: us-gaap_SharesOutstanding
        periodEndLabel: BALANCES (in shares)
        periodStartLabel: BALANCES (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharesOutstanding
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-changes-in-stockholders-equity
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharesPaidForTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares used to settle grantee's tax withholding obligation for award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: us-gaap_SharesPaidForTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation
        terseLabel: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Shares Withheld for Tax Withholding Obligation (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharesPaidForTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r253
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Packing and transport of product.
        label: Shipping and Handling [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShippingAndHandlingMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Designated tax department of a state or local government entitled to levy and collect income taxes from the entity.
        label: State and Local Jurisdiction [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r45
      r113
      r114
      r115
      r119
      r127
      r129
      r152
      r204
      r235
      r236
      r304
      r305
      r306
      r337
      r338
      r375
      r376
      r377
      r378
      r379
      r380
      r453
      r454
      r455
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by component of equity.
        label: Equity Components [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementEquityComponentsAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-changes-in-stockholders-equity
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Statement [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-parentheticals
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-changes-in-stockholders-equity
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-operations-and-comprehensive-loss
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-net-sales-by-class-of-retailer-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-tables
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-nonvested-performance-based-units-activity-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-nonvested-stock-options-activity-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-restricted-stock-units-award-activity-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-schedule-of-share-based-payment-award-stock-options-valuation-assumptions-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-share-based-compensation-performance-shares-award-outstanding-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-stock-options-activity-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-tables
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-11-earnings-per-share-attributable-to-common-stockholder
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-11-earnings-per-share-attributable-to-common-stockholder-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-11-earnings-per-share-attributable-to-common-stockholder-schedule-of-antidilutive-securities-excluded-from-computation-of-earnings-per-share-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-11-earnings-per-share-attributable-to-common-stockholder-tables
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-12-retirement-plan
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-12-retirement-plan-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-13-related-party-transactions
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-13-related-party-transactions-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-15-unaudited-quarterly-results
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-15-unaudited-quarterly-results-schedule-of-quarterly-financial-information-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-15-unaudited-quarterly-results-tables
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-2-recently-issued-accounting-standards
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-3-inventories
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-3-inventories-summary-of-inventories-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-3-inventories-tables
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment-summary-of-property-plant-and-equipment-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment-tables
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-5-equity-method-investment
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-5-equity-method-investment-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-components-of-income-tax-expense-benefit-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-deferred-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-effective-income-tax-rate-reconciliation-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-tables
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-7-accrued-expenses
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-7-accrued-expenses-summary-of-accrued-expenses-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-7-accrued-expenses-tables
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-contractual-obligation-fiscal-year-maturity-schedule-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-lease-cost-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-lessee-operating-lease-liability-maturity-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-operating-leases-of-lessee-disclosure-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-supplemental-cash-flow-information-related-to-leases-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-tables
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Statement of Cash Flows [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Statement of Financial Position [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Statement of Stockholders' Equity [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r113
      r114
      r115
      r152
      r419
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule reflecting a Statement of Income, Statement of Cash Flows, Statement of Financial Position, Statement of Shareholders' Equity and Other Comprehensive Income, or other statement as needed.
        label: Statement [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-parentheticals
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-changes-in-stockholders-equity
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-operations-and-comprehensive-loss
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-net-sales-by-class-of-retailer-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-tables
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-nonvested-performance-based-units-activity-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-nonvested-stock-options-activity-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-restricted-stock-units-award-activity-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-schedule-of-share-based-payment-award-stock-options-valuation-assumptions-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-share-based-compensation-performance-shares-award-outstanding-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-stock-options-activity-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-tables
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-11-earnings-per-share-attributable-to-common-stockholder
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-11-earnings-per-share-attributable-to-common-stockholder-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-11-earnings-per-share-attributable-to-common-stockholder-schedule-of-antidilutive-securities-excluded-from-computation-of-earnings-per-share-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-11-earnings-per-share-attributable-to-common-stockholder-tables
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-12-retirement-plan
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-12-retirement-plan-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-13-related-party-transactions
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-13-related-party-transactions-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-15-unaudited-quarterly-results
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-15-unaudited-quarterly-results-schedule-of-quarterly-financial-information-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-15-unaudited-quarterly-results-tables
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-2-recently-issued-accounting-standards
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-3-inventories
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-3-inventories-summary-of-inventories-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-3-inventories-tables
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment-summary-of-property-plant-and-equipment-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment-tables
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-5-equity-method-investment
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-5-equity-method-investment-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-components-of-income-tax-expense-benefit-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-deferred-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-effective-income-tax-rate-reconciliation-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-tables
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-7-accrued-expenses
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-7-accrued-expenses-summary-of-accrued-expenses-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-7-accrued-expenses-tables
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-contractual-obligation-fiscal-year-maturity-schedule-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-lease-cost-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-lessee-operating-lease-liability-maturity-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-operating-leases-of-lessee-disclosure-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-supplemental-cash-flow-information-related-to-leases-details
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-tables
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues: {
     auth_ref: [
      r19
      r20
      r235
      r236
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of new stock issued during the period.
        label: Shares issued in primary offering (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-changes-in-stockholders-equity
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r235
      r236
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total number of shares issued during the period, including shares forfeited, as a result of Restricted Stock Awards.
        label: Issuance of restricted stock units (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-changes-in-stockholders-equity
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised: {
     auth_ref: [
      r19
      r20
      r235
      r236
      r282
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of share options (or share units) exercised during the current period.
        label: Exercise of options to purchase common stock (in shares)
        negatedTerseLabel: Exercised (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-changes-in-stockholders-equity
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-stock-options-activity-details
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues: {
     auth_ref: [
      r19
      r20
      r235
      r236
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Equity impact of the value of new stock issued during the period. Includes shares issued in an initial public offering or a secondary public offering.
        label: Shares issued in primary offering
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-changes-in-stockholders-equity
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueRestrictedStockAwardGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r19
      r20
      r235
      r236
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate value of stock related to Restricted Stock Awards issued during the period.
        label: Issuance of restricted stock units
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueRestrictedStockAwardGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-changes-in-stockholders-equity
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised: {
     auth_ref: [
      r45
      r235
      r236
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Value of stock issued as a result of the exercise of stock options.
        label: Exercise of options to purchase common stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-changes-in-stockholders-equity
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r20
      r25
      r26
      r107
      r195
      r202
      r373
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-: {
       order: 0.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items, net of receivables from officers, directors, owners, and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest, minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
        label: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity
        periodEndLabel: BALANCES
        periodStartLabel: BALANCES
        totalLabel: Total Stockholders' Equity
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockholdersEquity
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-changes-in-stockholders-equity
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockholdersEquityAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r381
      r410
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Identifies event that occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued or available to be issued.
        label: Subsequent Event [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsequentEventMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r381
      r410
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by event that occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued or available to be issued.
        label: Subsequent Event Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsequentEventTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r381
      r410
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Event that occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued or available to be issued.
        label: Subsequent Event Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsequentEventTypeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r409
      r411
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue, purchase of a business, settlement of litigation, catastrophic loss, significant foreign exchange rate changes, loans to insiders or affiliates, and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.
        label: Subsequent Events [Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsequentEventsTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statement-of-cash-flows
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SupplierConcentrationRiskMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r157
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Reflects the percentage that purchases in the period from one or more significant suppliers is to cost of goods or services, as defined by the entity, such as total cost of sales or services, product line cost of sales or services, segment cost of sales or services. Risk is the materially adverse effects of loss of a material supplier or a supplier of critically needed goods or services.
        label: Supplier Concentration Risk [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SupplierConcentrationRiskMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-14-concentrations-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: us-gaap_TableTextBlock
        terseLabel: Notes Tables
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-tables
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-tables
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-11-earnings-per-share-attributable-to-common-stockholder-tables
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-15-unaudited-quarterly-results-tables
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-3-inventories-tables
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-4-property-plant-and-equipment-tables
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-tables
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-7-accrued-expenses-tables
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-9-commitments-and-contingencies-tables
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TransportationEquipmentMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Equipment used for the primary purpose of moving people and products from one place to another.
        label: Transportation Equipment [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TransportationEquipmentMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TreasuryStockMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r44
      r237
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Shares of an entity that have been repurchased by the entity. This stock has no voting rights and receives no dividends. Note that treasury stock may be recorded at its total cost or separately as par (or stated) value and additional paid in capital. Classified within stockholders' equity if nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. Classified within temporary equity if redemption is outside the control of the issuer.
        label: Treasury Stock [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TreasuryStockMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-changes-in-stockholders-equity
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TreasuryStockShares: {
     auth_ref: [
      r44
      r237
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of common and preferred shares that were previously issued and that were repurchased by the issuing entity and held in treasury on the financial statement date. This stock has no voting rights and receives no dividends.
        label: Treasury Stock, Shares, Ending Balance
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TreasuryStockShares
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-parentheticals
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r44
      r237
      r238
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount allocated to treasury stock. Treasury stock is common and preferred shares of an entity that were issued, repurchased by the entity, and are held in its treasury.
        label: us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue
        negatedLabel: Treasury stock, at cost \u2014 14,169 shares on December 31, 2020 and on December 31, 2019
        terseLabel: Treasury Stock, Value, Ending Balance
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TreasuryStockValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-1-nature-of-the-business-and-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits: {
     auth_ref: [
      r317
      r325
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of unrecognized tax benefits.
        label: us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits
        terseLabel: Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Ending Balance
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefits
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-6-income-taxes-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UseOfEstimates: {
     auth_ref: [
      r153
      r154
      r155
      r156
      r160
      r161
      r162
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for the use of estimates in the preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.
        label: Use of Estimates, Policy [Policy Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UseOfEstimates
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_VariableRateAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of variable rate.
        label: Variable Rate [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: VariableRateAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_VariableRateDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Interest rate that fluctuates over time as a result of an underlying benchmark interest rate or index.
        label: Variable Rate [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: VariableRateDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-16-subsequent-events-details-textual
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-8-debt-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_VestingAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r302
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by vesting schedule of award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Vesting [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: VestingAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_VestingDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r302
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Vesting schedule of award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Vesting [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: VestingDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-note-10-equity-incentive-plans-and-equity-details-textual
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [
      r135
      r141
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU), determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
        label: -DILUTED (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-operations-and-comprehensive-loss
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: WEIGHTED AVERAGE SHARES OF COMMON STOCK OUTSTANDING USED IN COMPUTING NET INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS
       }
      }
     }
     localname: WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-operations-and-comprehensive-loss
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic: {
     auth_ref: [
      r133
      r141
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of [basic] shares or units, after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding, determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
        label: -BASIC (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://freshpet.com/20201231/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-operations-and-comprehensive-loss
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
   }
   unitCount: 6
  }
 }
 std_ref: {
  r0: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721683-107760
  }
  r1: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121566466&loc=d3e6676-107765
  }
  r10: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121566466&loc=d3e6935-107765
  }
  r100: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121583591&loc=d3e4297-108586
  }
  r101: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121583591&loc=d3e4304-108586
  }
  r102: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121583591&loc=d3e4313-108586
  }
  r103: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121583591&loc=d3e4332-108586
  }
  r104: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121583591&loc=SL98516268-108586
  }
  r105: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84158767&loc=d3e18780-107790
  }
  r106: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84158767&loc=d3e18823-107790
  }
  r107: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(g)(1)(ii))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r108: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(h))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r109: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(f))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r11: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121566466&loc=d3e7018-107765
  }
  r110: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(h))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r111: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-09)
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e24092-122690
  }
  r112: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2122369
  }
  r113: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 23
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929471&loc=d3e21914-107793
  }
  r114: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 24
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929471&loc=d3e21930-107793
  }
  r115: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929471&loc=d3e21711-107793
  }
  r116: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22499-107794
  }
  r117: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)(1)
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22499-107794
  }
  r118: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)(2)
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22499-107794
  }
  r119: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)(3)
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22499-107794
  }
  r12: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361739&loc=d3e7789-107766
  }
  r120: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)(4)
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22499-107794
  }
  r121: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22499-107794
  }
  r122: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 11
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22694-107794
  }
  r123: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 11
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22694-107794
  }
  r124: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22583-107794
  }
  r125: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22595-107794
  }
  r126: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22644-107794
  }
  r127: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22644-107794
  }
  r128: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22658-107794
  }
  r129: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22663-107794
  }
  r13: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(1))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r130: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 11.M.Q2)
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=112272810&loc=d3e31137-122693
  }
  r131: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=112272810&loc=SL108384541-122693
  }
  r132: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2122394
  }
  r133: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121326447&loc=d3e1448-109256
  }
  r134: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 11
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121326447&loc=d3e1377-109256
  }
  r135: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 16
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121326447&loc=d3e1505-109256
  }
  r136: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121326447&loc=d3e1252-109256
  }
  r137: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 60B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121326447&loc=SL5780133-109256
  }
  r138: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 60B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121326447&loc=SL5780133-109256
  }
  r139: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 60B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121326447&loc=SL5780133-109256
  }
  r14: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(13))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r140: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121326447&loc=d3e1337-109256
  }
  r141: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257
  }
  r142: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257
  }
  r143: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257
  }
  r144: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3630-109257
  }
  r145: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109243012&loc=SL65017193-207537
  }
  r146: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120380238&loc=d3e3842-109258
  }
  r147: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 52
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120380238&loc=d3e4984-109258
  }
  r148: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144383
  }
  r149: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 270
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116846552&loc=d3e543-108305
  }
  r15: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(14))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r150: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 270
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121640914&loc=d3e1280-108306
  }
  r151: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 270
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2126967
  }
  r152: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 272
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6828210&loc=d3e70191-108054
  }
  r153: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e5967-108592
  }
  r154: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e5967-108592
  }
  r155: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 11
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6161-108592
  }
  r156: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6191-108592
  }
  r157: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 18
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6351-108592
  }
  r158: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 18
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6351-108592
  }
  r159: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6404-108592
  }
  r16: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(19))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r160: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6061-108592
  }
  r161: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6132-108592
  }
  r162: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6143-108592
  }
  r163: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2134479
  }
  r164: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r165: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r166: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r167: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r168: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (g)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r169: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (h)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r17: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(20))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r170: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r171: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 25
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8813-108599
  }
  r172: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 29
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8864-108599
  }
  r173: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 29
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8864-108599
  }
  r174: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 29
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8864-108599
  }
  r175: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 29
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8864-108599
  }
  r176: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 29
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8864-108599
  }
  r177: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 29
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8864-108599
  }
  r178: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 30
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8906-108599
  }
  r179: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 30
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8906-108599
  }
  r18: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(22))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r180: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 30
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8906-108599
  }
  r181: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 30
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8906-108599
  }
  r182: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 31
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8924-108599
  }
  r183: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 32
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8933-108599
  }
  r184: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 32
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8933-108599
  }
  r185: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 32
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8933-108599
  }
  r186: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 32
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8933-108599
  }
  r187: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 32
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8933-108599
  }
  r188: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 40
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e9031-108599
  }
  r189: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 41
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e9038-108599
  }
  r19: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(28))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r190: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 42
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e9054-108599
  }
  r191: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121593590&loc=d3e4647-111522
  }
  r192: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121593590&loc=d3e4428-111522
  }
  r193: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121593590&loc=d3e4531-111522
  }
  r194: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121611835&loc=d3e5033-111524
  }
  r195: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 4.E)
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27010918&loc=d3e74512-122707
  }
  r196: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84159169&loc=d3e10133-111534
  }
  r197: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84159169&loc=d3e10149-111534
  }
  r198: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84159169&loc=d3e10178-111534
  }
  r199: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 323
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109237563&loc=d3e33749-111570
  }
  r2: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121566466&loc=d3e6676-107765
  }
  r20: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(29))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r200: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(1)
   Topic: 323
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114001798&loc=d3e33918-111571
  }
  r201: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(2)
   Topic: 323
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114001798&loc=d3e33918-111571
  }
  r202: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 323
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114001798&loc=d3e33918-111571
  }
  r203: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 323
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2196965
  }
  r204: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 326
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121646688&loc=SL121648383-210437
  }
  r205: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)(1)
   Topic: 326
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121646688&loc=SL121648383-210437
  }
  r206: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)(2)
   Topic: 326
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121646688&loc=SL121648383-210437
  }
  r207: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 326
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121599337&loc=SL82919249-210447
  }
  r208: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 330
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116847112&loc=d3e4492-108314
  }
  r209: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 330
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116847112&loc=d3e4542-108314
  }
  r21: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(3))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r210: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 330
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116847112&loc=d3e4556-108314
  }
  r211: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB TOPIC 5.BB)
   Topic: 330
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27011343&loc=d3e100047-122729
  }
  r212: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 330
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2126998
  }
  r213: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 05
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)
   Topic: 340
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68074540&loc=d3e5879-108316
  }
  r214: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 05
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 340
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68074540&loc=d3e5879-108316
  }
  r215: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 340
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6387103&loc=d3e6435-108320
  }
  r216: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 05
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226317&loc=d3e202-110218
  }
  r217: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226348&loc=d3e2443-110228
  }
  r218: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  }
  r219: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  }
  r22: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30)(a)(1))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r220: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  }
  r221: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  }
  r222: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=d3e2941-110230
  }
  r223: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=d3e2941-110230
  }
  r224: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.CC)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27011434&loc=d3e125687-122742
  }
  r225: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2155823
  }
  r226: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 440
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121559207&loc=d3e25336-109308
  }
  r227: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 440
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121559207&loc=d3e25336-109308
  }
  r228: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 440
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144648
  }
  r229: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 450
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2127136
  }
  r23: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30)(a)(3))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r230: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 460
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121555522&loc=d3e12069-110248
  }
  r231: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6802200&loc=SL6230698-112601
  }
  r232: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)(3)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120520924&loc=SL6031897-161870
  }
  r233: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120520924&loc=SL6036836-161870
  }
  r234: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2208564
  }
  r235: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21463-112644
  }
  r236: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.3-04)
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120397183&loc=d3e187085-122770
  }
  r237: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405813&loc=d3e23239-112655
  }
  r238: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405834&loc=d3e23315-112656
  }
  r239: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121556615&loc=SL49130531-203044
  }
  r24: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30)(a)(4))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r240: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121556615&loc=SL49130532-203044
  }
  r241: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121556615&loc=SL49130533-203044
  }
  r242: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 17
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121604090&loc=SL49130561-203045
  }
  r243: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 18
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121604090&loc=SL49130563-203045
  }
  r244: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 18
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121604090&loc=SL49130563-203045
  }
  r245: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 19
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121604090&loc=SL49130564-203045
  }
  r246: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121604090&loc=SL49130566-203045
  }
  r247: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121604090&loc=SL49130566-203045
  }
  r248: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121604090&loc=SL49130566-203045
  }
  r249: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121604090&loc=SL49130566-203045
  }
  r25: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r250: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121604090&loc=SL49130543-203045
  }
  r251: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121604090&loc=SL49130545-203045
  }
  r252: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121604090&loc=SL49130549-203045
  }
  r253: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 91
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121551570&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046
  }
  r254: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 91
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121551570&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046
  }
  r255: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (g)(2)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=113356391&loc=SL49131195-203048
  }
  r256: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (i)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=113356391&loc=SL49131195-203048
  }
  r257: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (i)(2)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=113356391&loc=SL49131195-203048
  }
  r258: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (j)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=113356391&loc=SL49131195-203048
  }
  r259: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=49130388
  }
  r26: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(31))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r260: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 710
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2127225
  }
  r261: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 712
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2197446
  }
  r262: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (d)(i)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r263: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 80
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65877416&loc=SL14450657-114947
  }
  r264: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 80
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35742348&loc=SL14450788-114948
  }
  r265: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2235017
  }
  r266: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1D
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 35
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121326096&loc=SL116886442-113899
  }
  r267: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 35
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121326096&loc=d3e4534-113899
  }
  r268: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 35
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121326096&loc=d3e4549-113899
  }
  r269: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5047-113901
  }
  r27: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(32))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r270: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5047-113901
  }
  r271: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5047-113901
  }
  r272: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(1)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r273: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(2)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r274: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(3)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r275: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a),(g)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r276: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b),(f)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r277: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r278: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r279: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(i)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r28: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(a))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r280: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(i)-(ii)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r281: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(iii)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r282: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(iv)(2)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r283: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(iv)(3)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r284: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r285: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(i)-(ii)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r286: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(iii)(1)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r287: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(iii)(2)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r288: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(iii)(3)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r289: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r29: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(b))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r290: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)(1)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r291: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)(2)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r292: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r293: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)(1)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r294: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r295: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)(i)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r296: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)(iii)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r297: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)(iv)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r298: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (g)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r299: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (h)(1)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r3: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121566466&loc=d3e6676-107765
  }
  r30: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(c))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r300: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (h)(1)(i)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r301: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (i)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r302: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r303: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=SL79508275-113901
  }
  r304: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121322162&loc=SL121327923-165333
  }
  r305: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)(1)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121322162&loc=SL121327923-165333
  }
  r306: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121322162&loc=SL121327923-165333
  }
  r307: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (g)(1)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121322162&loc=SL121327923-165333
  }
  r308: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (g)(2)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121322162&loc=SL121327923-165333
  }
  r309: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 14.D.2)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115993241&loc=d3e301413-122809
  }
  r31: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.1)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r310: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 14.F)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115993241&loc=d3e301413-122809
  }
  r311: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120383193&loc=d3e11149-113907
  }
  r312: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120383193&loc=d3e11178-113907
  }
  r313: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2228938
  }
  r314: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 35
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 720
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420018&loc=d3e36677-107848
  }
  r315: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 35
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 720
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420018&loc=d3e36677-107848
  }
  r316: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 730
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420194&loc=d3e21568-108373
  }
  r317: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120406818&loc=SL37586934-109318
  }
  r318: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 25
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120406818&loc=d3e32247-109318
  }
  r319: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 28
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120406818&loc=d3e32280-109318
  }
  r32: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.12)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r320: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32672-109319
  }
  r321: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32687-109319
  }
  r322: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 14
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32705-109319
  }
  r323: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32718-109319
  }
  r324: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32718-109319
  }
  r325: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=SL6600010-109319
  }
  r326: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 17
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32809-109319
  }
  r327: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 19
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32840-109319
  }
  r328: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32537-109319
  }
  r329: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32537-109319
  }
  r33: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.13(a))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r330: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32847-109319
  }
  r331: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 21
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32857-109319
  }
  r332: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32559-109319
  }
  r333: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32621-109319
  }
  r334: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32632-109319
  }
  r335: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32639-109319
  }
  r336: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32639-109319
  }
  r337: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)(2)
   Topic: 740
  }
  r338: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)(3)
   Topic: 740
  }
  r339: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)(1)
   Topic: 740
  }
  r34: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.13)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r340: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)(2)
   Topic: 740
  }
  r341: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)(3)
   Topic: 740
  }
  r342: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB TOPIC 6.I.5.Q1)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116825942&loc=d3e330036-122817
  }
  r343: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB TOPIC 6.I.7)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116825942&loc=d3e330036-122817
  }
  r344: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 6.I.7)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116825942&loc=d3e330036-122817
  }
  r345: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 6.I.Fact.2)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116825942&loc=d3e330036-122817
  }
  r346: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 6.I.Fact.4)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116825942&loc=d3e330036-122817
  }
  r347: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 11.C)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116825942&loc=d3e330215-122817
  }
  r348: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120385591&loc=d3e38679-109324
  }
  r349: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 270
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6424409&loc=d3e44925-109338
  }
  r35: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.14)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r350: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6424122&loc=d3e41874-109331
  }
  r351: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144680
  }
  r352: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 19
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108774443&loc=SL4569616-111683
  }
  r353: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108774443&loc=SL4569643-111683
  }
  r354: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 25
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116870748&loc=SL6758485-165988
  }
  r355: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 25
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116870748&loc=SL6758485-165988
  }
  r356: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=d3e5614-111684
  }
  r357: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(3)
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=SL4573702-111684
  }
  r358: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c),(3)
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=SL4573702-111684
  }
  r359: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2AA
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: a
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121559654&loc=SL6759068-111685
  }
  r36: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.17)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r360: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (bb)
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121559654&loc=d3e5710-111685
  }
  r361: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121559654&loc=d3e5710-111685
  }
  r362: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121559654&loc=d3e5728-111685
  }
  r363: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121559654&loc=SL6759159-111685
  }
  r364: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2197479
  }
  r365: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121590274&loc=SL5618551-113959
  }
  r366: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121590274&loc=SL5624163-113959
  }
  r367: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4D
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121590274&loc=SL5624177-113959
  }
  r368: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 182
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121582272&loc=SL5629052-113961
  }
  r369: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 60
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 820
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7493716&loc=d3e21868-110260
  }
  r37: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19(a))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r370: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 825
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121572278&loc=d3e13279-108611
  }
  r371: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 825
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121572278&loc=d3e13531-108611
  }
  r372: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 21
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 825
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121572278&loc=d3e13537-108611
  }
  r373: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 28
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)
   Topic: 825
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=75031198&loc=d3e14064-108612
  }
  r374: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 230
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513438&loc=d3e33268-110906
  }
  r375: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 17
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118261656&loc=d3e32136-110900
  }
  r376: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118261656&loc=d3e32211-110900
  }
  r377: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118261656&loc=d3e32211-110900
  }
  r378: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118261656&loc=d3e32211-110900
  }
  r379: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118261656&loc=d3e32211-110900
  }
  r38: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19(b),22(b))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r380: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450520&loc=d3e32583-110901
  }
  r381: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450520&loc=d3e32618-110901
  }
  r382: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 835
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450988&loc=d3e26243-108391
  }
  r383: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 835
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119993939&loc=d3e28555-108399
  }
  r384: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 840
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121549808&loc=d3e36991-112694
  }
  r385: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 40
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (Note 1,3)
   Topic: 840
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121580752&loc=d3e38371-112697
  }
  r386: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 840
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121573735&loc=d3e41499-112717
  }
  r387: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 840
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121573735&loc=d3e41502-112717
  }
  r388: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121603541&loc=SL77918627-209977
  }
  r389: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121603541&loc=SL77918627-209977
  }
  r39: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19-26)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r390: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121603541&loc=SL77918643-209977
  }
  r391: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)(1)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121609121&loc=SL77918673-209980
  }
  r392: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)(3)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121609121&loc=SL77918673-209980
  }
  r393: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121609121&loc=SL77918686-209980
  }
  r394: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (g)(1)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121609121&loc=SL77918686-209980
  }
  r395: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (g)(2)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121609121&loc=SL77918686-209980
  }
  r396: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (g)(3)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121609121&loc=SL77918686-209980
  }
  r397: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (g)(4)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121609121&loc=SL77918686-209980
  }
  r398: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121609121&loc=SL77918686-209980
  }
  r399: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121609121&loc=SL77918701-209980
  }
  r4: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (g)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121566466&loc=d3e6676-107765
  }
  r40: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.20)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r400: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 53
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121568110&loc=SL77918982-209971
  }
  r401: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 850
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864
  }
  r402: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 850
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864
  }
  r403: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 850
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864
  }
  r404: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 850
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864
  }
  r405: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 850
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39599-107864
  }
  r406: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 850
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39603-107864
  }
  r407: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 850
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39691-107864
  }
  r408: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 850
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2122745
  }
  r409: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 855
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6842918&loc=SL6314017-165662
  }
  r41: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.21)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r410: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 855
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6842918&loc=SL6314017-165662
  }
  r411: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 855
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2122774
  }
  r412: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)
   Topic: 860
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107207-111719
  }
  r413: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)
   Topic: 860
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107207-111719
  }
  r414: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (c)(3)
   Topic: 860
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107207-111719
  }
  r415: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)(1)
   Topic: 860
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107314-111719
  }
  r416: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)(2)
   Topic: 860
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107314-111719
  }
  r417: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)(3)
   Topic: 860
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107314-111719
  }
  r418: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 910
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119991564&loc=SL119991595-234733
  }
  r419: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 11.L)
   Topic: 924
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6472922&loc=d3e499488-122856
  }
  r42: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.22)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r420: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (f)(1)
   Topic: 926
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120154821&loc=SL120154904-197079
  }
  r421: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)
   Topic: 926
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120154821&loc=SL120154904-197079
  }
  r422: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (f)(3)
   Topic: 926
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120154821&loc=SL120154904-197079
  }
  r423: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 25
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 940
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68072869&loc=d3e41242-110953
  }
  r424: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(11))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120398452&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r425: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(13))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120398452&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r426: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(16))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120398452&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r427: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(23))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120398452&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r428: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(13)(f))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120399700&loc=SL114874048-224260
  }
  r429: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(15))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120399700&loc=SL114874048-224260
  }
  r43: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.29)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r430: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(22))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120399700&loc=SL114874048-224260
  }
  r431: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(26))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120399700&loc=SL114874048-224260
  }
  r432: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(27))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120399700&loc=SL114874048-224260
  }
  r433: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04.9)
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120399700&loc=SL114874048-224260
  }
  r434: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 235
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-05(b)(2))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120399901&loc=d3e537907-122884
  }
  r435: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(16))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r436: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(12))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r437: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(16))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r438: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(23)(a)(3))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r439: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(23)(a)(4))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r44: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.29,30)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r440: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(25))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r441: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(8))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r442: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(10))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400993&loc=SL114874131-224263
  }
  r443: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(18))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400993&loc=SL114874131-224263
  }
  r444: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(22))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400993&loc=SL114874131-224263
  }
  r445: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(23))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400993&loc=SL114874131-224263
  }
  r446: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(8))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400993&loc=SL114874131-224263
  }
  r447: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(9))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400993&loc=SL114874131-224263
  }
  r448: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4H
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 40
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116884468&loc=SL65671331-158438
  }
  r449: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121643868&loc=SL117782755-158439
  }
  r45: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.29-31)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r450: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13H
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121639165&loc=SL117783719-158441
  }
  r451: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13H
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121639165&loc=SL117783719-158441
  }
  r452: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 29F
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 40
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121639165&loc=SL117819544-158441
  }
  r453: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121370832&loc=SL117420844-207641
  }
  r454: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (f)(1)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121370832&loc=SL117420844-207641
  }
  r455: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121370832&loc=SL117420844-207641
  }
  r456: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (g)(2)(i)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121370832&loc=SL117420844-207641
  }
  r457: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (g)(2)(ii)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121370832&loc=SL117420844-207641
  }
  r458: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (g)(2)(iii)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121370832&loc=SL117420844-207641
  }
  r459: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (g)(2)(iv)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121370832&loc=SL117420844-207641
  }
  r46: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(1))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r460: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (h)(2)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121370832&loc=SL117420844-207641
  }
  r461: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 825
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99380617&loc=SL75241803-196195
  }
  r462: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 740
   Topic: 954
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6491622&loc=d3e9504-115650
  }
  r463: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 360
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 958
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120429125&loc=d3e99779-112916
  }
  r464: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 360
   Topic: 958
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120429125&loc=d3e99893-112916
  }
  r465: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 360
   Topic: 958
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120429125&loc=SL120174063-112916
  }
  r466: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 985
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6501960&loc=d3e128462-111756
  }
  r467: {
   Name: Exchange Act
   Number: 240
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 12
   Subsection: b
  }
  r468: {
   Name: Exchange Act
   Number: 240
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 12
   Subsection: d1-1
  }
  r469: {
   Name: Forms 10-K, 10-Q, 20-F
   Number: 240
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 13
   Subsection: a-1-
  }
  r47: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(3))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r470: {
   Name: Forms 10-K, 20-F, 40-F
   Number: 240
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 15
   Subsection: d-1
  }
  r471: {
   Name: Regulation 12B
   Number: 240
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 12
   Subsection: b-2
  }
  r472: {
   Name: Regulation S-K (SK)
   Number: 229
   Paragraph: (a)
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 303
   Subparagraph: (5)
  }
  r473: {
   Name: Regulation S-T
   Number: 232
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 405
  }
  r48: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(3),(4))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r49: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.6(a))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r5: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (g)(6)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121566466&loc=d3e6676-107765
  }
  r50: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.6(b))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r51: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.8)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r52: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.9)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r53: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121641772&loc=SL7669646-108580
  }
  r54: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121641772&loc=SL7669646-108580
  }
  r55: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 11
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121641772&loc=d3e637-108580
  }
  r56: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 14
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121641772&loc=d3e681-108580
  }
  r57: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 14A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121641772&loc=SL7669686-108580
  }
  r58: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 17B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121641772&loc=SL34724394-108580
  }
  r59: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121641772&loc=SL7669619-108580
  }
  r6: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121566466&loc=d3e6676-107765
  }
  r60: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121641772&loc=SL7669619-108580
  }
  r61: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121641772&loc=SL7669619-108580
  }
  r62: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121641772&loc=SL7669625-108580
  }
  r63: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121641772&loc=SL7669625-108580
  }
  r64: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121641772&loc=d3e557-108580
  }
  r65: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116657188&loc=SL116659661-227067
  }
  r66: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (210.5-03(11))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395209&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r67: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(10))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395209&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r68: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(12))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395209&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r69: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(20))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395209&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r7: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121566466&loc=d3e6787-107765
  }
  r70: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(24))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395209&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r71: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(25))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395209&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r72: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(5))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395209&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r73: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(8))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395209&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r74: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.1,2)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395209&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r75: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.2(a),(d))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395209&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r76: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.4)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395209&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r77: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.7)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395209&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r78: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.8)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395209&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r79: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.9)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395209&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r8: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121566466&loc=d3e6801-107765
  }
  r80: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3179-108585
  }
  r81: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3213-108585
  }
  r82: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3213-108585
  }
  r83: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3213-108585
  }
  r84: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 14
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3255-108585
  }
  r85: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 14
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3255-108585
  }
  r86: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3291-108585
  }
  r87: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3291-108585
  }
  r88: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3291-108585
  }
  r89: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 17
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3367-108585
  }
  r9: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121566466&loc=d3e6911-107765
  }
  r90: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 21D
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=SL94080555-108585
  }
  r91: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 24
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3521-108585
  }
  r92: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 25
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3536-108585
  }
  r93: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 25
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3536-108585
  }
  r94: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 25
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3536-108585
  }
  r95: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 28
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3602-108585
  }
  r96: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 28
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3602-108585
  }
  r97: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 28
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3602-108585
  }
  r98: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3044-108585
  }
  r99: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121583591&loc=d3e4273-108586
  }
 }
 version: 2.1
}








begin 644 0001437749-21-003615-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0    ( %2!5E*6?@);C0


M;6_;-A#^7/^*FX:V&V#9EIJFF2T+2%

M)4WF.EW3I5T2&+! \?AR]]P]/
IDE%

MHWXC[#QQ[3_X/ARA0L

&R0IFYD(-H:X0
M+LEG4LR=P(AY3F[J*(DGRUPD@B 


$*B=DG


SF#F3(D/=<NZ6UU9C_]VB[H0G$M<7]3WRNN?



C&5T= %4)[
M0R+JN+(Z(;[Q//K?[A.N[*K-:JVJ7J_9M.E@FHMS26S=NP=[Y_-_.G^T<1_
M?3K9_ZVZ?[C6.CTZG)VNR?+

-A;.B7UVD
MQ%&_OA#Z&U!+ P04     !4@592)VFMZ&8#  !(P  #0   &5X7S(R
30P
M




M6G319%+D

USW2A'Q869



MSV4YHK-[@'S4MLFL* 0S@K+-6JT3S+'*T$ 2M5AAJQB'T8?^-D&R]?\%V/V!

M&N$V_
M#?%.O;L .PE6S;WS^PZ)PN#L:=G^5Z-@#X[$\K^D@*$=PMGB8@[GYXL7Q6U7



/KFJ3!'*6$QO_SY

]02P
$%     @ 5(%64H.C/6[6!@  AB(

C$T

&0M.1P.9Q[?#+F:
ME*'2TTE)
I\^^]

C)0+E(E^*J






.R?BU+.23B:
4M![L7)=;F&!LB$E$@M2E68K&!-<0;$8*JZ4?2JQ
M3.Q0!:\7






T:
M+9E1L:QHQ#K)842;



A#OX;F!
B^A(/(B\\\B,2KHGR%W63-TQ3F_A94P0CX!%Y_%ZM=V.:
M1+T7K/
WJ3


1!3P! ?WO@8FET+NT=U/W+TA^X#S6UC4Q

M ^?&Q70



M7S(R

TU1<F%+JGR(11B+AR*KL2 1II][30/0.*G\D*IFF2H\'
M!TJ+;D_I([93K5/^

7*


_L)\6Q



^E'VQ]%




MA;PPI!AJ1;'$3)LN=\

ME?/
HT+R8.
WO(Q6P.#FSMSR]FO%P^/NY;7@/?SA:;_WY
BU&6\+$F\QDV4*


MY0+90(ITT

MO #5%
) OIHUU8Z+4]AP+E2R0$W&$1S82],JB2@F]2%9$;%LH(3RR*'&4W)
M7*WT^!03X+T

MO'\7\;R-#9N+FDC GR-6_@U



MAO@





%\R,C$T,#8N:'1M
M[1A=;]I(\/GR*^:H+DTE#-BD:0L.DDL@C=J&(CN[NFTV&.\.GO7W5TWH;_^
M9M= :)

ML&&[!A+V5\^#4Q2HF




C
D-%P


U:PQ;L/_&/7O3![S[O-
.%&NQ%
M
XA.)A?ST
MNJ-S3-?/G'J%

C 90LISJD.0J7N*A*BHKTRQ




-3;B-25DI73!@P\BM9:RU@B2QM[]ZEOLG8#?L94PLF
M4'N3ZQQ7$

E]AYI2ONM.3EP

MUB'Q7W4/^S;Y'JFW ^=M+NK!P;K0#@R





M\KV[Y?P'4$L#!!0    ( %2!5E+[=^^+P!$  --1   -    97A?
C(W.3@S

;MQ5^KG\%ZK:I




KJ^8F@T4[_4QV+

MJQ=+F(,\J:E$0.OOBY

MI[/GIT]Q$/S3/G]TYQU7:OY_LN$OFIEK3_9L
I_[4U/W


06(



M^+H43[(=Y(
OJ&B4&6+K-
M'U$:(*
'H*'/#CR[RC^()CFCZV::2:[=WHN_I=?^)DL429UPO-?P U,YU
M!9_@UXU0P<T#Y2@]9TW3 4[5+198
-+@%MPN.






M@G!\L#X:N /QOJD4H@


!


 GQP7LHTM 6U;/.D\1 9@/T)WE*$P&,@T&! P*B=$.+7<

\YA0C/BGF'Q%1J 38!5EA)@ OH





M4*)$@C&D.D9JK


M 'B.4!Q


Q\('3@H

O;C
M^.SE]?3R& Y_+3?N1
R



T8*;+%%%D
MVR0D7SD3L!/'5'U=AE
X6<!OL4(.[(U9#R-=5GAQ8(W2-9*KHK' B3STD! #/B+&44D&/YO+

..Y7RM6@K1
D]

!# 7!9E<R(MK.NDXWG1#48I(C=96E:


;*^PS

M'_0;1#;*8+0:-EH@H84J.\Q9HLG*=:Y-)HN;068 K0%\PX\P4F5JE^G:MJ1B

XJ'0]V&20MT[L

'^TXJ% +





P


M;HD-YYE+RS286JV1)FU*W@[Z1'0[L?

M^#TTCJ/M8OR@^3]=6PEG1]_5=YF?D&Z,R]4SJ1S LF?*FIO0VF%^O8NND4
M%[ZQ18K2



%P(P/

M8@I2\%BPQ$


+MCE'[#6?H

M/AI.H0-Q*[9\H9:&@!BDXLU9;_':6Q4;PSV#1PB#U


MR-DJ^'-M/[9EH&=A0T:7R


M]\3H76.J$_N.SQ:HGLB!2_HC0!:D__[:.?JC&Y$U
K'&)M;
P^7F[5MIJ \=


MYO@O4$L#!!0    ( %2!5E)-9/3U%@8  '88   -    97A?
C(W.3@T+FAT



F$ZX6H\/(
M2:VV(=+*H:+5#E/

@8EWE_1ALG@X&QT

M/63@9Z3Y!F
K@BN:D^R:
_\P-K\7ULG9LA1)JJ7*M9^_]!9
$X2W6I@8] P.


R+S;
M3##(VHIJ5 W'6;9YGF+1$9DO 5R!
EHL3Z!O$%'!##D6XBI7MS4Y6VA7U=5

M43^Q9$AD9
C*-..;K)32#E[&#M4?

+['P?C07\2


MYEY0B6UK]CK[/RXOP2 LQFG,W4 X5-EI_*N#T/J




1D-OL*:3




@3 B
M2C.S7\G

W_

/\7[FK7CG!!USD7;OAIV:3P2\W/1
M5OP\
KA'=];S+R



9-KP^=+:
M)^N].NM/ G]R\AH.?7^*NF?KH[M/P@B$%!Y+TE@N&0/*%?I%J6#!XQCPG?$+


9E)AV-BOU-'#


M


]0SD7$


M4QBV\@HXT

MPO 8=(859TZ(L(:T70M&J\ N0Y8BNX@81%6.7=.5\L3LG12*&DEI;D8]A1=
M9Z:$#PE#90&-*^EG*%A@)!.Y'(1R*4M-S=V
I6[%S;(TF)EV8FQFEO-;C!P



;QHX<#O#W8


^+66AGFQ

U


0TO'TTTN5

MT\XT;:P2


MR40=E64-=CJ& (C7






^


M- E;:=!PY50907KIP8RL&D!

M'(G/K*FGP;9'*LJH6HG&.($UJ6MX09:-/(1I3&


@C4]A*?UG+?*[L9\
MA/=5PBI W.A8^'50;=;



M2]5G'1E/3


M(Z1SG?H



Q




/;+$7*I['C@.S79*DX,85<OF@1D;DQQ\+&VQ1%PR@-<$\N!NM2



M1(1$^[-X!5%*E0-H=:1PM,E*:2P!#XG:0RX/&/.@4.)Y+5:Z@Z99%K-.#'?
MS=?GIISV*68-@?Q ?-='%$(\+J@7((K%7

TC

R=!N])VRD?0



F9B!8QD(U:UJ.UAIKK%Z1O4].
8X




M)YMXM73D&!Y+[A\0:]5-QX*NMQT.6H-Q:W/7_XKI/\KB8/#-9.LZMO@(I?67
M8/]@\IR;U/F:W:27RTR92#*57




&^:1UZN:

[1S[4 #)AKMR@GG/T(TYFZ[%?2SBT5#\NU2.9]5B36B^J/

M-0XO\%G#-L+

M!T]H&6*/:M%@N+)U9]

(.
ME%9N$X5)G?O:*@;BHF30HO;(J2

M

G0_7(SF%1LIJMF
0;Y<X;TQLQ0ZFBAS099=.]!&N

P)T&.ULCQYN\^\D
MW0KD.X;LAZ/7;_I+LWRMV_!!W8'&&N(/^G$U4(-_).[_4$L#!!0    ( %2!




M#  CTU^8^P$&9@8F1F9&%C;6/2Q

!



+
M()7AZI
U\I]4-=DTGQBWWO#J_3E
F,X=4#O)8FCPIF1"=VTC9KWLEI'6JAO A^.X:LC0SKT
M-^V$:O#+%,$L<V4L7LPH995JY7!;/7\<\Y-YQ'&2[YDHCQ6M=]U:Y%;
\F\


RJ




MM7*R[:Y!]F8]I7#SEA?W_6BI86A\06#'0C@.'_!&^;+2%_5H+@ $NCL^)V


:=]94O@&X@G1;8
MH3U_T7*[


$7+;4I].GZ*X0A^??


TU/O+E4@,]5 =C?PP<P+74S+SL )-3)IW#


M]_^Y 3[@
 *2 #'Z9Z[,J !Z G 0/ !+  +@/V@ L !KP *!  A *W@#M
M)!!-CSP2@50@\@%H%2H *H =X!'X!6H /H!0:!$6 2F $6@%5@ R#3W4@V
M!DX&7H;##&(
4@PG&)09-!GT& P8+C!8

V 9$AE

E0R%#.4



4 Y[A!P.)D8F1@Y&/483Q&*
BHR;C&493QLN


8GS-F
Q8SHA@_
'8P#C).
BXPKC
!3.Q
_$Q'F.29-)GT

R4Q93.5
M4QM3'U
TTR+3)M
;
R\S*+



]3UK'^LWUG4V-K;#



;\/?SQ_!3^&

$%GHL5&$$V84EA6V% X7SA'N%%X7$14Q$O$3
M21%I%ED4Y1

RK#*:
M



MSH49AN6%
.G+KSJTI^!GXRPB&B&L1'Q$2B/N(F=M&MU_=V7<'<J?K


M[7%[]
GHI.CM&'!



M'YU/*8 53+ZR?/6I4*.P\+7PZ_@BQJ+@(GRQ4W%OR;F2MZ7RI2_+^
NBWP!O
M@M\0RJ^48RI
*SY6:E:65DE5I5?S5C]&
:!NHE9KO&HFW]J_[:LUJ?U8IU-7
M7:]07_#NR+NTAH





\

^$#EM1?S74U[@-UBJ[W8@=!
M0/.T\+O'\UPDO9Q[GE.U%F+28L?*8;K%=97-0_I1XP

[ LN+C\0_&5T3D1@ EI:3G^#^]&
M'@W0K#M$M0/3@)%8ZGI8/02%&K:Z-S0E'WCA[JF'QJ9AOWN['G.B:NP(S7?


+(5=B@QGWB/1\.'P6S73FU/GM



**
V3 /LOM?%Z;%D



M
[-=4-C_QW74L+B^/;'G!]+*5*(TF%T[TT54SU!!J-P9]3K@SD1(6H-A$QP*
MA9$X;2I(999B5S[F/R80;G8%CHN&8JWL08TH\+O;9XFJ +*AR)T%?\T$88

:0S8IWUP[6=D



M%*




$=PT]]/5@93UPRR*MK\)NL=+RW22TV:

MHVG@Q5V.&K#]



M-MO;6MV820

M9Q





+(CNF#Q JN@10EGUK[


'A*




MF3][R+JM



/R:!GP\8OLTWL5]*ZAZTQ&U'6\+C?E<..(L4-NE
^5QG?U*B5I=+P?0\(KX+P-
MNP7?[3;0-9



M%-

MG .O9PTNJMF=O_




M[M]^C+3J7][#U?VRMGKJL(9#FT

[K;\JZ/$ZX&O)&=)@[




M=
R^VV/$AS!ZW-388S2Q_;4V

0*SJ+'9Z+W[O]L/P^Z-]DPO&YM-
M)T'J!@^N!

HZF%=N?.$$')9/.
]O\Y4#)C04

CVF<D#PUP

M[


MMQ:T*AFWF08P__FLA,NLY7J6U Y7GU2#!P04.X,+G%GK6A[U]&P-#Z;C+7
VA
MXTD]


DLPX+AJ3T].*B$\'R[[#E\;'C







68$G29
1J
M. TX7QU6
W?5L)+H4@





[0QPNBT?;^'MK$I63









S$





MV?DHU_=[M^6]$MOR[N8&V[W&K\FO3HEL[H;3%V_H+
N$W?LPX6_U)_/_9&:E


M.$R&\WS?7Q2LX:[!U?QHFYIVX_G3)@\:X%E8N=5 0'-!E%QC-F:6B$==G*[L
MP8:L=!F;JZBL-8%MX1K+%?4HU%.G]^P:9?CH22NB!%0)@TPK%X3GS]V=P
MC[+!U;QE *'A6D127[8N)^9\JNKDG3V?A)I^12E$QB2//2M 1
6ZXL^UU&P





MD*
/9>4#J-!UA;M!
M4?8:-W&N$CS*]'HLG$ #3&L&-B.^]A.TW&-CKIMM'7RG5'#5[U5M?8
G5 B%



-0]RX!:2@.V4P?P2^$5 3_
8*_K8R/27-3KA[KB0YJI

&PG164
8EEV==G7'?G.#JG]+
AW:

M&OA30IM9RZ;$3$YRSZ9D'MJ
9
%*F2


DWW
M$1-_N(!Z:*5)VMFYL;2@(JF/NM3WL3T[$X?#OMR*;W%+6*)7)WHIKZZS1'




3#-3]RUM

JEG+H#X+Z_J
ZWCU3C?)33U5R$8J\8N?PF9=FL@6=645
YQ2RO5!%WU
MGV+O\O U[RDS4BI_,O^'F!=R=@E%LT:V%1F9PL$*3LT'Q=20;W@,F_*E-^5I
ML;'.$DGQH9\H4@8EAS,N/RW1O,:F_:X$M
O*QQ1VPYGRQ;5GP5]DQ=$1MQ)
M-1'=+84X


3CX70;7!EQQ
ML?:+C$B&K4@\4#Y3;T?VX3D8;8YK




M

M%N6;=G*PH^Q3:'Z]T)A'?98XBFI5?;@F.@'!K:R7L5QOP51'
BXG U]?/U
MQ




M_8P=1?M4CJ\52

MX4U^5+'QI


(2\R5E-
M\
:\Q6L+ZAIMSFSKG8L+2AE?=CDLD.M^ 56!-^




MKW1?G[)ET*Y'K2I6ZMU8SRGY/4SU_RYMPWC&[[AH?7XB!_^./#A\3Z4$.A

M9Z38-?)CEQTV


!=ZY;HPKAMT@

MVO_6EKGH+?+EYVN*^;
0H04^TO0'8C-*A&NILW+-QQ-][8TP-^_F_J)UZ1G;


MU^_Z7($LM* JB7*!SO4CVRL_)7UQ*3$4V
:PBPJN7__T57#Z]754 VY\#.-[

M2)E%=\KZ-R/F^M=YZD+

M#\6U9#YC#RI&M5JYY(QYHGK0




DZ\BB:?Z-D

M+ERVT])(2%M]!$5]R8!A[#








M
J8UO1@]7G]

LHIFQ



UXD





M:12X+L?7*IHWC8D%F+A8)HQG(.KTIANT:4 0_(O
31.KL&#J/!E)7*#T;?Z9
M___O_ %G.UHI@87#R. B

MJ
A2P!:1U@94I%%$0*2)RD($!%0Z(31JI#

KY1HVK6K#EK








MCXOSWQU^T3[X\ZU

&
B.-


[(Y+KAGFP!HL^O]




N5SU*B-6D^





M=UF
VY*&%G)2*-3;G4A1A:+@E 5#^8_G'+8-[CM?X(&?\QUTSO/.)1;-07&:





M&*TFKW6>D31TS];P)D=N*$6@:YN.B\:)T.?J
MI5^3H$#.P\H7;T//P*

M



E'#WWQU&_91QW^=LOSO0/[]D?HV]J0*7R!

M&QWHU^SMN7I/4CQATH.)LME
3VHD
.)T
\?5^K#HFTKH]@(D&[9*9:H34[]Q





EC+;^;

M

IOO[GA%C?-WSCUM6X?G0G@ W;]X5;'[




$CL0SD3W;/IY]&
M D^


M'*=T\:YWXL*;7F7$359 .







M6!WK*

Z-O_4L0?E






POC;0TAN0'^81-_)CJ:ZKR.
Y6G^O
M3Q; IW?^W



L14J:
M9![P]/JGAM;\22+BPK/HOK#2LP<&[!S]5AVKIWG V6Q<NDOMJWE&&0XBZF^F
MW-T]<P#N+P)'#JW--K!RY[#:8^(A7F!R6?BAV8-EGTF766%^U;XYW5F/36:1
M)DR-'E^3QV.5PDIT!
2222/*??A_'^JV]K*O?/ZV#^9^1LK[%KLT/G_S@:[


MN!I-PLLW*CD82DGC0G9Z5NBOYU\

]\'
MG14TA@\#$B\V!TX]1R(;V.4*1K5P'YM0QKAV_U6)Y)N^=0-
3])*MGQ+;K;+

4(+/M] .6
6WM3*T1O?Z)?OJE8R$*6QWF2
M:




M6L^M




]A$*]
M%1\PXG.V?X8&)3#*2


TO;QJQ4P2E'1&
M2I3TC.KI_USU'UU5


^OI@KG:8M&

 [S6O
M@?COI@_XHWYB-U/(&+4SE]BG(L_UH@I\.KN'!^@+&JF(7I:^*RM$ &\PGD)!




M0Y:8-$WKA3'#V@;'NH3*!/EF\BVSK;[@-BB!(]I6+VHC F7T PZN=B?AZM[S
M +5OGGVAAUT.MWCJ

\)C*)[NOPM07H'HL:^5_ [ABG_K*T$5M22. %U/4Z
ME^[:S.6V,Z](M

E28BK2/&0 05GK


MU[5&C&=).-!Z/$WLR&






]

:+NLWECK

MX+02LE

V_X-?OD;P2/4C&CS$6^Y9+.=U)/I=Y8$







H5




MMM0!=Q1IK3IM8
=5'F#94OC (V(UTC'W)P](L:2:Y9MS=]P&T:(D=$O.WAV^





J??G7XY;9;T]M=;
M



MZ'=$\

!D.V3M



ML=RUKO+
_'-]\X?/

+V1

VL/' T8G4B:K446V


^_@

5
L^.!PX8)A_S3[U:QN(=V?E:&F

1H4/.=MY7NL-W9LO]RN'^_Q
1TG4UFBM;C=HPXU451CM
MIG-'V2YK4?2KAX=U:[06SW-[4%B#61Y@G]P2R.UG6SOR'=]F ;H/6L318LRD



M!:/Y8;+8)J8\)M6S=^ZI9D[_([MQ*XXEJY;$OOQC?GVH5DI_+ZS)G6=;.C5[
M]K4_&3EEBSS4N!!]B6[ZBI06Y

M^G$+
_VC\)$_[*O)Q+U2Z^JV
5RVI.2W
L)^)L3JK![5PXE@FO:1=RI'1R0.^Y6:OU3%I

O<\?_+7G#


M

/UDE

B4 :L3P;ZCJ:6ZBRS0/N%)6!2EV?-YX
3=TJM)*Y!^<16]I$DT
6DGXFI*PREGU&V
MXOSG S?SC2?_Q=

M*C\7WS1\*2_OHYB74P05*?$:UKN!#VOWCM@!N9CE9RXJ.6SWT
/JB$;IF[1W


SLH.?? !NH7*4U<:]I Y&OGT[-#R*Y[4 ^(;E-T6T0 N51J

MD7%_\@57WG9 ;FI^VB_F'A\U7G+_W+NBRMX?NUM#3TG)NH[JX
77O(]GU=K
W!@)_U3_^V<-'A7\[X!N_9E  $OB

GJKO%7C!^7BS$\V%LJ\=YD$RR27R:DI4RK-H$'R9UID
MX
4D&8L*U20%<J9
PEXR8E


KY=<5 HG]
78=(7R-9!E7(1W#1\
M.
BD



8MK


;!-#S2S1NK

M]\]6Y@E_W2E!=9-0?






/&!F/E ] % $@! +*__@/@9B8P2RL;!!V#DY&0C
O



MM[:UO^D?&'P[]([P?NSS^
3DU/3


AIQ$ &CC.*&

XC1/&8^  [0
M3#&*+YC^V1D%W@ICV1.^'_+\_ H=4TJ3!(+WQ11?9F


+;
M\L'VM'6,WVMM%RA[;L?,QS(ZLA'!U ;W]1RSN8L
JRA.DKZ)D*2Q;4K-F;H



M'W7LE7P:]#']$U%2XO\G%MM=]34Z/



M-/ E*U#[@GPK?7X=_5H8_;YK+L


[



M

+*)KIY?/6^*9UO7BGXL+'B]ZX1
M%2] P^)R:IV8UK(?Z$F*1QEB^YW9'R
_/U/ 44'HGIU]S=93 YBL]6B
E LZ

*;E?.QU:LO7*YQ

]5SPW%T8
[M



N! H&^=



MQ(C(#]C$Z_1))5A33%

$6Q
;;DI3

H


EUJU1R

'6A'
M



=:'
W/

LJ:R!3S:GN


KT?ZXW:BWK(BTZSR_QZ9L(KN%20CXX[K

ML#'-)


Y]HFX=@'K)]^0;PDI/WZO$514

M&@Y2)^U=)V/N[I:
N-%[:EA)O


MQY?_

/]]^
'^-+X^3X




M!^G*VD6E!0UMZA2W@0*H/OR4KTZ?K7EQ?2PIZ'_*EW[28



M:C_37#NRKR8


V]=C8L.Q



%P8$8.T9@O(WO3]JQ _B#
-N&O
MXZ]


\\M3;K5NWN&7T-#:G
MFI4MCPG/=6PY0$R(*V-Q

OP)^J&-WZZS_'P/ST2I*&2Q\+TIB8.39*D

M6EG0A:*/. MQA 7#&W %_WP'+@T

M\L M^HMITTDK;QOUH

E7
!RMI.H+=U



MXU9VK


MK:\AX\8X9+R'J!X\

MH1_J&R
91V\0,IC
M-+HB*V*E[#



%



;\]#'7X.WED

+FFUNA):WA
9
X::J6+#^#6A[<8'.Q)(N'G2A


*A%B%-R/A8LAA4_96$'B3;/G6@

WO*O0 J'?G5#8V24M!%



! +ON
'2/(W[@7+LP&:T_D

M96$SR?$Q06 LX'%*?B^#'
R!S/'LL.'(;+5O[@2$$J.=.A_)S9-V-D790(


I..CA
4R5M7K
<M6E*V,V.6Q$(P![E:^RO/^TNX^
YI[28^WQ1AT5X\DH$R!3LW@_@

M*PRE+US/^B

.



MC^-

PX3F\

4#)KK6_KO?$^H/
P(+?@%D.XZK(O[(5Y=WS

@7S&Q;8
+@MA^@BR/O=]!L%+1

MW

M)_)]#[A-





&TQ$VOD6FJQGI=[ZT&:7Q[5A8I0(^:



C R
#$R
S%?8V%L+GAM;.U=;6_;.!+^?L#]
M!U_VL^J\[&ZW1;N+U$D* \G&2-S;O4\'6J)C;6711TE.?+_^AI+LV+$HOD@6



9?WXO_)B2A/6 B





7&+
MP2R
(LH'+$D'&0RI.*T*BI6-35PZ!4-LOLA2F /B8#@6=THT^%+1M

M@YJGZH;M

M



C?Q UP0)0G1


&_*.%7

M]9S)5OZ:=H=7 +EBLNRE9C?M!C?@
=RXJ6[O]8




K4%5
DT )

MJ2U O!ZH :*:N4
74:=*N&V+J_!43L6NN:Y!Z*PWIUZC#]ZRY**-*5MX@(



#(?64=


M.8.SV11N@D9!Y S

F.:R+'O!Z0+J



M


_^K
M#*$VH0-0^2PG8WSG1U?


P0O4;C'

]SD83/

U[;
MV


MSR?)S)M&[-%@?Y-);]T6.6HQTZC8$:RE&(ST@A9_A[')BEJ3+DQ2W/K
B^E@
MQW79+U&P(750 ;5UO


MX8L-66HM]+NVF!-.G-Y!F'


MOD'J950CX5K5W!V \C7U8S8F3^)MYR+M MQ=
5Z]@58!T+8[=P(8LW
?HBE.
MS;9MF)(C +A^&?J2UL[
VG0((-W/( 4U\6#ZR.UDDQK4]ID%QQ-A\F22:V
M%0]C

@D&F63*/1O(7CG
)1D\$SIW4*\#F
*UG  CIZTNE;9WBV$F^+=;OEF
G4KCCQI?[L01CVY?*+<#\'4:PNI7,:1DF
MP Q

M$:HC34P+?



M\V:T@JJ-O)

4UV(.Z



M'XKN7:AK 9;\2-FN;/6]F+N.51:SM:]9\%

M=]@61_/XJS$G$#OZ90E0_JUT48._LB)[J)A'#WLS7




\RUG$2BU^8AW$( 1\1F?+Z9VE&W*@B]'#INJ'DYE[

$%     @ 5(%64JC

C Q
C
Q7V1E9BYX;6SMO5MSXSCR)_I^








MI



GLR
;]?'%TWM

['Y32_P!

%16G=T* 3L5+_CBY+TI.XO(%V18SW+/QOW=[XS+-A7J0DNPJ

M0OUI6-0=2\QTT+ME1*




/FGG0

MDE!G0[J=%G@SH=U.F@3H^C3L-O(9?*\0\1I['X5[:)TJ*0;F+2J/UIOH@:
O*T0ZXYR\6/<;VAI-U_MB3Y@A97



M[Y3.)


:%WOR0
M-IG



M:
L81]3=T$4JW6IY^8FLU$+0/LP1C;=+FF6FXZEMDOZ5B3+3JMJ
:%^HIL

.L&68DV4XJD:

Y:U$-?Z=V]1[3<3]05Y'D/L

M@_@T%A V 

M7BA?^#06C1

C/ %*&OX%!0PL@WJ8

5#.\&DK!N@4E#%\




O?D

V_SCA-TO*2Q+(M

I




6\'F#7.C;&9=&$6IEJU)3XTR /


QZ76R#+0M!Y1-
*H7G9#7+G/6#4B3%'*ZY N;N3W
MHO4!9 :4 'D;J-;(@#O3E'*%;D-J?;#/G%M@-!#*_=C=(]UK]PU4DWQ 34#
MW]')J
&3/FF]IE\TH9=L#E1+?D#9A5VHY-/0C^@$D#7AREE X#3)B('M/A

)![S%P&!LU6A %_GL6R0.!





MS=

M#+?QDB951F?SU]3)PT9%LZ*7PQ/^[(CFRT+WD!]Q/9/R!XB8*7*'B)$'N)
M!CN4F?T%/#G_T; W&!J[S^*[

O
M45K[IZ.2/%KWS6V?[


M\F8

2QUO;*
MX%![6PXU!4@+T!L-6+ZJ%QGJ


M
A_94

:IA?@K7;4SUP

4J;#PM&Z&A722&9KLC-ID!U_S0+T? )U\:G2L9XT]

6% 
EMS%)#
CI#


!24I




.\1'H4?3T?17+T?;^]1.NF<UENQB:
M%[4DU!)!$TEI4=^



!$@-%= P8&2/!NQK




:#JP+$A?E!O5B
;/L1AMDO
^!U4QUF7@

M]T5I&2V;\*O6Z41^65KF8+N]D9OG86)1* Z_;+T:Z;55T



MU NF7C#U0@NCT

MNKB&DEBZT.!/,N-.P5.2?L!


)
M7L^8.!L8C@%9E_L]8TFQ57D<Q/0$%D_Q0


&9E(D]%AGO?\1@JJP]TUYNP!FAD
M%Z96
S#V!96P]K0J


M=# 4



[4P\B?


I
MS60$)6\3:F4Q3$4%AGJ0.L '0%R^@N:8RDYUAS%-)S'*7G &.OCG)RBG21
MI_






M=M#LW8)4!^?8PCOJ%@

=09
M!F3S-V1L]L4Y0!4+;%J4G3L=RB56_:F;DQK*-585JG\@[H6'4K6+0+RB4V


M(-%R#;H_
AA3P9@*QE0PIH(Q%8RI-V-
#:8_.1;;87GOJS1 \R]0
M]#:W1I

]S[WR6W\(67@#I 4;1OL@OR@HG0F-B\A#L*9O=SMM=FL.9*WSD]RS_9S

X6NC





ME-+BXC'.*B%530_;U5J(9=
:Z&(KN.*&JH\GBWST@5\47

MP5?R!GTEXURG3@V$GZ

=U.D


MUG




MFJT%%1M9QJ$\W
*G&\/583$3$5O&D]EBYI&QY?_V41+YN:#S*ON0SE4!#(N9


U


X




0OU/2$_+$U?0YU0#&3!7;7P









:JO.3ZWD;:L;X\C7?D\:02





M*?MGHR'+?Z@%4FSOA2L67I_/)2.RE.6-T#NTX8;V01Z*]BC;'KRLVF-H7.&/

M!LK;![LG7KJ(9O
7=B3

7:IA?@K4GOWK@I(BVN:H(G*00@JOG=[
X'C&Q ' 9P1H



MDVA8L#O0.L0_W29%A.RYD#UW/-ES72'T$\NB
V
3)I8GUQ\0
]$TN6X8Q8GE
MS=DD;@!9P]:0W18K 6036V_V(?O.8VO+#H2( +G#UIT=B!Z!WO?8FK3#
TJ@




;\I*Y )LQ1#5





MJJ(;
MP-X7=I*3O87^5)^I F0BM7!!*UXSR1*J_&&YK5 BR[==\QC5;=XPE'
MRI[_(.=)5K]-J






MG;[3
SRPVJKAO?8XG[[T.-?_MXT5-!YE52.



5X6%LWR5?]^(@JN:X@;?-
OUC5\[/ $CFW?B
M=7T9;7D&2E:_LKZ




\8
2$.W


MKQAZS2(ZIBPP_
8<5*HCK
N 9^)6$\#?$$%+@J=!C8$
MJRJL&[HK2





^*TZ$8@






ME@

M ^


E?HJ*Z+^B?E?R5]-&5O9


M3C?4/^':S:X?/$GB_9]3-_2!90_R)#%;XU9S0O+2
28O[?Q\%]+-9TA9THSU
M3KKAE#2


-8N3D=

MB:I!

-\5
M.OG4V#T'3.FP-BC%L9O)UTL4\:3O'$/%&S6B$)6\3:GBS3'4'QKJ0.L H !R


ZA(B=?







MFDAH_G/&5T1

M:W//RB7E=TN2]ZI9BHHFS


MN



M8+&/!HOM-](R
7 V]O#^6P-O]_(=30S1C=5I/S&0M]]P_
2 WXCCH&\-%MXW
M%#$QN#CJ@#!P+5'67
89'( JS2BK

M;(4NY[1
D;%AV.@RN/;UC ]3B)H

M*Z *T: ) :L8P'['BT4[






M

YR
W%YG&1GQ
P


Z(Q-&YHS!:-X.N*[KAZK?L%%;2N6%Z[5[7RH!SG 9=9
MGQARD5DNOH@V5*X=.T'2_8?I/]&R.=4^L$(5]6P=XYY4U7DLJ;IDG*:+_*SB
MG.;QYD[H'H4L;BWTD#RI_Y4U6LG3SA=

+PO
T

8G7^Q[PL-4!XT)Z C?*(CQB)6W
-7
MP@@2=D_%A=PV:D4CSI_HU_I/ZE6WF8R


&B3N?






MAK




M6Z99)D.C1=D$0
L75


MW= :[@P6-O \3^GEMIL'-BEXC(/'.'B

BI^H+M+M0I.GR!



M]G@+VZQ(%K'[+%TTE0[GXA.)WVS$?MS[BXMX29
J&PO)
P0I*#SPPS$2G/'!
M&2_NSK.]0




M
7V/=W<6(TJ%F+F8C8
MT@468)
0
:

+KK1
M^8)%A[.U^5;

XX!'





KXJ


=U^H6[UR&F-&9=M
M)&M=IVO\U 4I*#3X1@)NF/0'?OJCM=D4PLJ2']\.=@]\3?I8EG.YI\+6IO!




M2
MBIB[:]SKWML-


ME@O%

S.


M$0O41S%IH*]I
2ASY@GNF;CCXLZL^


QG-Z-!(\.W6





([WR\)'

UG50Y^*1\C@ME.V'P/.\

IF
M=&(/VHM+

M

W4G8R[\'QOZATPM[
'3HLK$'4Z!3$ =:B2%C]^A4




Z]+-31THMUI#0:LC+A?$ _U: M9MI4]
M72T1R1





_$WM3D


9@7+/76
MK=!!.F%\0\
Z$9
/:4;EYT
$O@SNN@&*/#5
)8-3I_)HJ]LO3
842M .EG




M:MTTH+$3(KGOI@_(LP#.Z@W.HB6WHP83U%F=79-#JP#NT70F)^P3\'Z:!RH
MT$F]Q;



T%T)PFZJ!R26U_+__OGA14_.;_ E!+

C R
#$R
S%?;&%B

M.FY

MC= C3M*0Q/_YU;NOO_T*X=@G01@__.=7GY9GT^7%?/X52C
O#KR(Q/@_OXK)


5



.^U3P+\/'
;6\#
M+M86TBUXKX:Z

+.

8JN9(%@/8@MC15-4+4F5T*]9-:
MLXZS+ZG$&8.(ZES.\7Q#
KPB5V%





YHC#MW-3\RUE^!D#X9#@1&+%Z1UO![
M&1'3JVQ@_QV+ZJX88_]W9]A+8BI[Z=D.)V<IRR?RLBP)[W.&R%E&F+B2F'Y+
M_-\V) KH0!61T -+KY@,P\F.Z, MYZS$$MWBI,CZ0M,&EB@C[#@A,5KNL1R3
M.&G:_'X1T[FC=N-UA4-%_:G+,/4CDN8)ADR?<PKMMR-)D_E$,2[6-;5IOM^[
MEF@/'?T*\!%#X/]S$F41HC91(:$Q_?ZGLSSV\B$IQ3_R+TDPTGT<D9)GU.&
M5-+B



 83+U.1%^E




M


JO8
.8K_W_


MZ4^ =?
-W1CM$S

[@



=J9]0XVLXY



M74%)+$=C=Y:AF:.H37T_^X(^EIB_2F-3G7LT^)F#6
*5M#=.BS-R'X4/A3&\



$OQ 23J/LR2
T]!GB:4-
M5M2=;:X1)=OYZ!I0'WW&NH8U6LUI=[(G@RYQ*WQ0$@SC- CH/2Z4MYURK&.
MI'CMC# 2Y[%Y1A5'6!Z'F5TW4A8'EPZE**[CLA;WKF73/RLQT^ _Q?E9$KS


M5+D$890S%9-B'S+


6L$HFPX@7
(ZFS@87
M.O).T4T3!



MQ26I8X&88_&EU4A050]6ZB





MF=Q)4C\H-WB.?'F$GL7!^

M[PFFK_]\/5G2N+3[$(K_4% \9@4\H


$Q_[+BBX\A9(C


MY;\

M)=6X;V[3FJ.$C^:K;Y8O]#R3ZSEM: D!\1EC
(827\J6Y'$&A@A^!G;$*;76

X+ ^1'7IJ&ZQ#N*U/DE[BS@H#S%?TW17^@ARCIS#;
M4$G




CR



M%[0'Y


MRW$1;S!&Z=]?GUN+4JDQU*#$ '8U[FU?(R#](K2_/$\

LQ.EM@LOX?SJ-






MJ/6.5U1ZW'EMN63X&?99[:9;(_(9-&^0$_)J!0WP$U0B
$&L&X03

M0KO,=ON(O*
TL9=;N\0,51E=+,W7?N);P)1





MD07 Q+

M32D
WB[


M8'5#*M PZ&G(O&561JK+[9J@E*PSZE]C]OL [T@*U4)(O!\SCH(U7%[L*E;3







5W^A*[F-].;B_G-
M!S2]N43SF\^SY8K]ZV(U_SQ?S6?+'YW(A?R.D
%D?B7U*V?/N[!X@U^\UNDZ









M5&^/Z]0^_FVS 2!ZWI@/1
;LL

M$%'_*;B(AUI+)S

M04#N ]41O$+-=[N(*0


;;XL[O-FV


H#



UX:QQ4-#C'
5Z'



.I0WTW)0C





M!92

MSBED7;%?Y6D8XS2]Q*F?A+LR+5O?5-UONESYZS 5.VS91(WXVVZ&LC#-4@#
M_0EBX!Z8LTET%^7BT-53 +LZ6ED7M?T@[K$?\8#G#NU9'_'S%UC&J^=[-





M!OGLO5P3_4RKI%B\]&IG]\D(WL4*4[Z7=\=Q/P4YCF&1_3&- [BWIF*#8_^@
OUO?-MSG(5+_$N
MP7[(S@7Z<X2K:Z,M2;+RXNDV(3N<9]P;9Q!WO\_\G 'Z^2I7\W3J]?TUH*&
MM2)!FO!5*C-DGU8_%+2*\0- E8OR7^
T_1$UD$9-K%U5
-?+]
3T[MA./.8@
PCW3+%)G<L50^ P[@8[I#F

U6 /

_F(LPT)YJP^!*C%Q5.,
MDW03[FXQW80X\QXP[XI7]GO5*U]1.-9*S(@BI%02QMQJ%1+7FQ0@0[:XS-!
M-49(=+VF[KREV9 
IK;UC$ZHDTHM&7A.%YR_?$HQQ;; %UH_^%GX6%PQ=%?.

V!RBC^*6CR#)
MI U3N1?.4BA:

M&4.K5+!BYN6+@6M6789E(O$

=Q9PO_62[ 5Z8Z3TX(%8


E9'3*RHS
MZU4N
A@XUC RJ&I4
V8II%?7E+BB MF#$46*187O! D1RJ[.49*&?L6COH&6



M6
(QE%;F.]P[0[
M10D=X#1!)5;0K&V\JPZ(GV^K M_BX2OFED'$:E) #5\J;;9(SA!]YC^B%'F




M M10A1LJD4


M5MQ5MI?F*_Q-_!T3N8Q8G6W1HH_%5GQ]R+%O=1^
 V9T7.\:T7!K]@+[D*



M@!/]X+%)I/$$G







W.@%@4.$[I1



^G%2(E-).Y]RB-^  NLDQ5690T6AQ



B)!F80W-#


MG8 S10A#19U=$M*S)L@3-J2LKE/BS J
TG/))P]Q^$\&LS!3J4&Z[P6*[O-R

%[SSP.B

]#CT*.


MMQ'A20DWE4\U*:4V$

3@V\T-$B8RD:7




M3&3IYE+?W'A;?$D@PU1(ZYP.UZ)[]M-:UD 3!*#1KP7P
6BB%@IS]1&/;!:T



1)IVEE\[DS@@




I'Y&T7*CGL]JN+-FQ654)HD/'%?(NSB







M&6M[3EQMI!XC]2IA!9C[#=3V@0.
T\
);1FF)515FW0HTJ.T1]?%HGZGIBB'

M:7K&*[\NY


M%\I%$[@SFZ^;L ?-#EFO =Q1V81^
A
%VEG0/'?X(4RA-0^KX
!5/.W#E/7.
MX726U


M













MFNMWF_.8
!V1IV)Y(






UE










MJ%#4LG:$BX;SXP[0TR2A6\(RZ
Y?]D-NO1?X%3.#2OW^ ;IV4#^WT/R=!K4Y

%WZD*KW-0ZSG&Y[M29#^K #DB-]V(+1:]&'


3B %H#FZNM0

%CL

M#Y#Q^K

M16FFJS#V8A\P)DWYUOD$]7(0,?4MLR,+AR4NN1I79-*O[P& O CCF9]8LZ



MAE)Z%(I33EV:49+R#/B(DWLBWZH%I\!PCY#P!\PHJ1X-KTG-M^. 'Y.BEU#O

^5_$(Y_)\O L?-MEB_2G%K V-T/'(^4;+

G%2V_J


I2B(Y+#3W$0



L+1(_Y(XFS#RQ@9.IWA(^<8[-B.GF/\


MI[)R-=%]/VK1/68Z5:_OF)Z6@\KX ;YPSMX=AH_%9\;^]F2DRWZJ&@D5@
M&,]8*9! -1:CLQCEMH(,HJ^#6X^#KA#[8.ALNXO(\;=S]VD)QAR:R$$R$J1
MX

)



MJBBU[HY@124^R469%YJR
Y9\][YD2-:F_18GK $]71F_J7O)&^(?2#)=_\2F

MKWKQ*5L\*7#]VJH


M2*B%DME;BLD'6C0#E8A@F1T'WJZPS%^\J(53K828::6KS2&E!JSN[Q3:ZA
MZPYMT

M^I8DLY?[C#K*W/K)=G++,Y.Z_P,F4+EM)$$95JV5'2/JB








ILLD[U[&(5*$M!M&72782_/DA;G7Q?4B)TS:,5(Q
M#-HRHVG!J$ 6X:/J'GF9C&[


YC..@YYDM*
A0VYFRJFL7LF4
)6O
91Q'G0)


M#%YYQ?X___#O[]^]_U_HD11%/O^?;[_^]MMW\%@-/0(R$T3!3+XM_K]ZWN;E



MYOO?\S1CM7A7Y [#L,(W^LJ$]Q35+Z^PLOW=PFY#$

M_2Q\9+W6I_=IEG@^-P_3(AE1T$_2N:]BQIGL*:2FL48^K8%L51WE O.'T+




&P2\@BI\6*YVG; ZFCBXXC81/;1WIF_+)L+%20 E
9)'#.]N

'( )H.$K@T

;?S
+=4IJ%/M7J'UE65OE6]I)L


UK\K:

32



M-3\;M(5$Y[XX]LA9@%K4$3\8K
O_9I

M?%C+-JOKFT8I0TB.J@^$EY6YF#C?#L2;OUUY=U'V+FQ+;$/(NPYJ:$\%A

81
M _]
DM_F

P1
M%]4/B

$B%#EG/X6LW.95:@F/O.!;W*9TGPZC&
MRJVD\)FG35IZ*.CRE5.Z6
.#0HS%_3+Y;2\ANH9%KL 35&.$&$J30W=L

MIOTZ2&3CC5JSVQLG^X0_2.FUVO%DQNL



C;2?+[#'R+


)C4[IHPYQ\.3$AM U*EJ




M/_[






M
VBK6
B%Y*Z
(1


2+#

*_:P:GISB=@/

M2S?/)UWH











M@D2

?T[UTW$']A)JMW=/;
M262758K2:A]QMH%K6? X&9N^O0L&;='57@);Y498!+9
3 %45$YF(RM4
M.*(+/%!-IC
D$U+JA_C8;$2H;1R #:#DPN8*75[X]+JT^3!!(:BFHU^R&W




MR7JRB9@1J\G& L9A+=E8J?YS99S[HQV8^C@8#PG]C@IJ^NDK@B'OVT@.TY


3!.XV0]:
Y#HM.


M^B!+NUBAR]LI0SOQ0[$3
;N^#58*M]PE\^1.(-,W9OZZDXL(5K0E+V95=Z






MP&K2[GKNI6ZDE#AT!.5H 21XVJ


0K(+XTP[[&02I
MQX;Z#\H3 Q/0GR#6

M+=8S&
^Q







F5MJ7'@Q5=+S#&^/NTT-G$7%

M*V@H!'#27I:-%:GY0A2J#Q\]U ]R6E[MU.Y$R-!'F?=

MV_*%#MR
]8VD?]KE6?%@U=OMBALV!IM^DV:AC]8XH+9PA*C[E.6LGGQCPH32
MP/0JA+VAXEWJ1HW9V0_B*:2N.V.6=4
_2G#EM7D2_DZ#\=HZ
MOUVCM5DLK

J@

(V2X






)

M?:IST!ARJFM;F4JIE0*XT_.\CV]:SG
ADMF5'78U(9\$6Z&!6!K
*TY5).





M@S;$3MP%[?EHF ?*F=RR \K!8H#_J6U=&?VG'B4**#DZ5\$5?B\=:ET CR
MU:F'*D14NX+%LA[@14W6_:?.TY1?$[F,RTQ1=_9 J+;"?E$28/@Z8I.1A





=Q70-WQ@Y\OC:6UWMCR&/Z1?XXU#.G'6 -%:ZAT
MO/-5I*'LET


KGFH
W.R;[@V/K*3/]G.22YS*'L)
MW
E-[C

DP#^J_''9Q]&F

LR65MR6

$DNXDUG


B;UC0'

^
MIBKT/L*)VG_!\H-B7@3F\\[J2/YG 4H#*1)YU1+[%H7@'AWX3Z(HR]V15N
M&2*Y(




4(D.NS4Y






CJ[:\[]Z_N7^+*O#.&.&$A$2$+I9+PR3$QSA@


M;@(AD'(G\
6@1X.M
UMZ-UC#'D7NG0BE3UX/I!O%!PF\JUYQN]7&;U?6H;




MR+





@..^:GCV&\E


Q[

Z8=L!7G
MF+$Q*HIEC(B;I39&\NP1H?8(XM(R46@3


O J/(O($!2LT'!<24R<(0+8F);L&B+R*IC









M2;)E(2E)3E:8:S!32\ TS=\U*HTDTP8RX^-OE?UJ977E37#%]6 .DKAX&E\'


F0!VU3//:Y=HV3 Q!$AQB.3T8&;&FKH S=)U%I62=TA2 #[]Z7

81JWZ_VR7$\S=O
MO[:JUW5I*Z*9

[CYIB0[N:.\G:?#:1S





M_Q\E%UT@V0@:


MADRMX$A)^!63N_P?JZ&T3D
@6Q5*0*O;4X#V#LS:=ORAF4]:$*$G&V0O^0!9
0E+M=L
M.\0XW[XTBQ]0]O?O13\W-&5\(1&Z06A0FJ[18YPU;SYYQD4+68(1.I2]72W\


]1O[W



B6H6$'%BI64+&BA54K*!BN:AB



6XY]6#S=);*Q8SRF3G)]P4<I!2+!ANB.8S
MMF4H3V!*T?/_0FLAL8)QIJ@DRR7)[TJF6]PMF
93S*JR]FHP_4-

4(HVP2U %<?E&?<ZD#7TJL
M-
L8!R7BIA;\A)AD%V]VMH1TV7!#--]4#QE.+C
2BPEM&6.(NEOTB+GY*B\_
MQ4OQ(F@?9HC&NP7*
M7QU#;(%'W+.

MJ6!0?O



O8#&




CFN$

]6;2FKC$'M/45Q4






M
.J+/RN\XF\2XP49WUMC+VBYIZVS_SK4U-F?_O4Q?L;+:ME*JO!W0Z3A7$Y:



M!:(G18$40KUPG62-XD54,HEP\TS
MDQHSS;-URRY-BI

(X#[0FF
AV(V[

MM6JL

M=]$1A9O
!ZZEGEZBY5^=.AQ@OQW1=Y#Y@@W$;$HZ&2=]04A'#R8]]$Q?\&KW
M[1.3.HXO4$K\E$0TRG=
))YR(AKE




M#8DRI!J
C*



$BSX83O*9N.!IRK6GI&5




]TD3US@=F[0W


M25Z7A7V(\Z^S.=/:4


ZDCO*ML^D[^'G

M8TF!3S


8*=


/F<X[*]
?&'D@(C7?LYX;&C3:XJP/WY
MV$+ :FC=C#3JG&L33/X60.P<X?H$TX0HP23%(8T<


MU(G[R3QAPVKK/*:IDS7:EP6E.TLYWCP+'YA05:*Z$7952








MIUL)LCUO6)YNXY=.48[FN.3!;\6L7!ZOXCS=A\:H'//T&^8N&[M1NAK4_0

29#V-N/H&X:-3S]'M(EEB!A$Y3IB


M$ P3P3 1#!/!
!$



EZARK&#D#.;?P-0(AXE*D(F7\3NEV_
M;?V;Y(../HR'%V::S5\!).Q)J!QKAN0;2M(J*6=T4UU
\-%EPXP2RMN^;VAH




MR\LXP1E[N3I1#)N #+.:?SM'M'E-3GLQ;Y/A'B49ZDO7B8O?,2YG+2VWT,@
MO;N!]+PVTU;[M) J?9!%D)
7QU@LDALX4#;1



M#!D_ %E[)V'G

M)9$#%[/Y =)K&%=ZDRWD4


;J6N[4D8 LT






M1.\4Q@VW6GHAEP^8 @)'SBNA73M

M%=5R&=


ZJ

M84@W5)



8!L3MH80XJ-I
B]OBT
M

R'GOQ/JTT\2@


M9CW4$[-FGM]YF@H#+(U0LPDZFGJ4SS%D[@'2$4P^]DT^RD\%
OL /[@=I?^D
M(:V[F0/Z@*#0!X4^*/3V986^9U50ZH-2'Y3ZH-0'I5Y'V]*3DLPJ6.\C-F2)
MFQ+G=? 4TYMY404=Z\^I/=00ZI7%Z*'F9

7^)BR3._HEB^I&7

M^X&4$\5H&^07!4*S%:(Q7T\U?=LK;KW%'


M:42
$T@[\

MMGC)G&4_=;+Z=GBRJ8+R72D+]E]C]M\;1.N#F7V@N@M4T]NH^(B6#XBVF3Q!
M$X8P3/ZA!/$7H=)B

3:#

M+[$ 5NOG/:$TSA_K&ZXX7;=SN+LK\I270_@4+U&KY&;B5:X MR]_\0'-L3&K
M2B8QY+P-L]XN'.
DCQPQ<H



?L6.4Q3!O
Q5Y
22U(1KC@P+
M55$&^JP6(




M?J[


M%*UBG.X96D3


M=HWG(@
@8*;-97B+A339,$H.T=/*



#L?&33I9T
M7Q#2L:*0'E8*7_ *I84'@U+BA2:B4;YC(HF#(*)1/N
A=:\1\3B?
0DEN2'G
ML(9!TQ=



M-@S

-0+ Y:W[






MSRM
2DHZUI;)^#Y^/JG8
MS4#E+;7E@UT@'A#K*1YND8&+YWC)CA:^D&]0'F<E1CR9Y*<E(HOV%-L[A3Q
MEA;P)IY@W5#/D.6!6-G_K@N4IQPV.6MM&S@M_!OX9:GW.*$O*8X_^@E&W4




MK377FN/]YNN2&(.7H98_@K!DXM)

M#E@VZHE6






)GB@6\=WEF;R0$;J8=R#:T.%UOOAFRZ

I^
??]
*Z/L9T =ZS!49SMBN2BM_GL_F<'3#MQ0XV@S9+S1\X0<B
MDZ1QRF/%171#AILA_!Z7&0/N*D_Q$TZ9/?PJ4K'62*57X^W**N7
.\=?T\D

MO
(ETX
XJ@43X9GT@])+0B^KLJ)H&VXL8$?[.3:_#[\/9O.[.$/MTI]RG'F2

M#[)1@_6M)?7V[K.B!BM@CH7(
Y2Q9SY^0#FB3+W*TY-TB7/
:(VYIK@1V^4
M6:=G6&U]7)^:T\[/;2GU?]O8PEM[&6B%@Q#OL)J$&57/BYC3+_$685.F$*Q
MW%H;5XBO^W.N_J*\+ODP-'[0]TX2U$\5WSBS^4F:8CYEJ\5MF@8S:7%H.-5O



K3UAGIA[@


HD14)543!GP+XWY+$^W
ET3]C&KRJ*

GZ-G R=
.8B&0
MSVBH\^G!,4B^5%G0O+D5\;:^%%[01*5'T(LOZTB]M<2Q9;Y@(+J6P1E:OFP?
M*1#*E#E?4%!O4F&B2][0JCWZ.?O^K(NE*H@


M=

0T]1WS6#X$*?)%*^N
CB@WS

GP[A!M+VX2*]

CP@.RCJL1X3 E*FZVQVVM

MSI:MOYLA[9:;!03M*]_\9I D(58MOYH7D
_1G!WQZ1G)&TV:Q[NPXV-C5*?G



F$*BG-:G+
MLTT9EKK3%FQ


 ]



M+DZ7%6)25&

R3?












MIJ6+


M7QD=+VG

6JPD'-VAWX
P .*A'I-R-DR
 AWKZ

GV)HG['IA6K)^@0W!M'78US#X<



VI1F2


-S*.FZIQBNG7NWE3N0^;0[?
ED;Q
MT3
:9+JO-@%6
=RA

:



M=G0)4PZ&CH2$*EM6HB/*LG+7C7)\B5?6HU2.*!G+:0]Y2-6RX7XYHA0NQX
5

IT 3K0?'=5^ 8#:BZ[8(0[A[BQ3V-%]^S%1IO

MU'

MJ$._


M$S_1

P&I$N
MY1V



\:
G4$2%[



M\73]\8[:Z:(]FD\@Y$88]'

MOH7PQ#3%_-/&V4V
TZO\+%[A
L[D;$'FV&#EWU51UHOJG@AH;!?Z;OE*W)







M#$'BH2CC
$49AQ)BCB1XZZBK*ZJ]W


MX[$E1=E$D!SFEL


ONQ^&N@-I:CL



R*-



WUCB:5J
F(

DP_8T



JPN
8=KX.7=OJNZENLG:_P+0;9R\S0\AS<(8=H ,<L$%7TCPA01?2/%



N'=J
W:
( A-TA^H03M.F3#B(-.&5



MZ3LN6/N/Q]IOXD8C72\-7T!6^Q.


RB]4A;M\/9 =N?NR



-RITLO&'R/Q^ ;



MXH



3_J?]^LV'FAO/?GOYZ +;SE/MVH2/2-YP:2*NG%SK2P\LJND
M/:= 9XJ%DNAL\9U63




MLGR6U9X+&]((1?@QUV5(



I_^+[%AH.A

LN


4XIP7G=1



MQ* Q!8W)M

JQ?QR
M^+.**8
X6[/KHJC8W1T5R0*E589X)N/NUSG.8W;SL
MF_XKIII..1X A371L





M03K81*0SQ49P2Q/



M*T1@A0@L)R*P+'QED^B98;V!1 YJZ27/=N7[0/&.Y3'2\*S5%HQ
;M\0+0
M'(4H*6/%V+F*8J8Y%7%6+AYXG

YL@J
T%\G

2J+PJB'C@Z(0DC)BZ9/WKU8%*'__BB0&KB @C+&4^3



M71X!#-+K3C^_35]I@6\SO;I






_&


MY9_WM^#N9D;@)7FI
X]2'OK!!$&9):?KXYS X)[4CBF*]$I
[[]**

MR' RFS


^SPM(3+A@Q[/HZ)]5#


M05_0ZH&#J-VCYQM

LZ7A%13Z$*T
M7%_25TUAJHK%\*6RARD\P4&^OA0&
05LM[P97XY8F
35-6AQ!#G*YFW? 08I
MB( @9

MM!%49.Z
6![$^P4&31@^!POS3WL:@NK #&3;M@MX6J-/V67?= 85]L$;V\

_OZQX@ F*DC^-&UL5PJ PE

MEG@;SSYJDEC4C,MC^ZS]*PH?XHVBT


UP3P3
MVP9O3

ME BGK(SF=VU


QFXPE(O]T;GOO)





M9Y&X\3/JK#

M_'0XH*G+U &(O4'EW8KWO

7^]*]-%=


#(P
3(S
6)?

MQK8W_/_Y%'HY9Y_





U$Y$M[?QK4





_SJ

M(^Z(6?O.G^W-RPTX7#Z\X8MTW_^SONX=)E)D
O Z(P^HS#N-DTR$WOHZWS&0

'(

Y3R;F^P
C]W@3[.ZFVW^L[U%^Q
)


&$T-$71&
/](_YGQRP])J&1?5.J+\-]2)$=1\!G(?NWC.M\\X_=]

MBY_@*.$WFV4:@)

6
_?;)[(]/!HZL
MY9S





M$8Z/Z.TM(]J=@07QY\&U2 *TXFE%SV5RI7S)E@J)MY
ADE/*:_SG:2@B-!'Y
M9M*)X1N00)OUFT#\1-,,( #\F;J/\@27 /T5KY-IN.14C_(I&1/_Z';@


MA$JT 
$U*2_)UBU+TIYH CX1L9P

X/3O_;667


P[SXOJNLQV95)HG4Z(YO067*2]65R$/R5IQFM

DD;+-:M%K[T\G19K5PM=[5:=<+L5I_?A-_Q8FYB6WGDT@ZS25LCKV=#BI




M/L^'PU!-7F']M)-$N_LYLB*NOXE
8OIU.CWQ_@YF[5
Q^JP
LV9=W75]MUDG
M#1ZB


PCQ]0.G
\J.NBWT/U\SOS27S&7]?N] Z



MDBOX5F(GIY[G*FUNJ5YW);:Q9D9+M6$+H
?-98Z3W**-EC8SVGQ^_?MAF]QH




9;5TTND:^C2;NY1A[^FZ##6;^]C-?;+J(0MK]6]J

H/7


9M^?:M\7



M'

5TFRWC;!U6/*9CL7F3LG!;UOJ^@ZC-/LI'LNPD6'?IFJP&IL-B\C
M[-UL\(H'OIL-7N+0MX7].LT3.0;[I1\!?YK?3XW]9:KD@%2W_CR'/0WR4)YT

\-/2&5(1

U33


@G+<E;<OI8&.7KZ6OP
$,83TH8RU-8WA#&TQ+&
MLV&QMRVB3R@B6Q)\T9=XZ3R+_4N\L-C[[ Y=*['U$YB3&CMC'^)6LR./W9&M
MN:M;!]<B:Q?4'=T.*7GTA1/ABAJ3*?0TE;:)<#U6.Q]+









M;5[%G30(Z]^-DX$ 1GMI%'CKU!OZF[V6QQ68]31E5^1W% J)3&G7%Y.H[MCA
MVZ:R&(K(_! GFF/NY1YSBV5
-F)F9;:X5.]V+]FR:%LZ#TGQN'C8_.O)F@U;
M%1YLMG0I_ XU11;-AJURI42SNZM2[O! ^IW;L5]2IA$&P=!JO
127TO$1$


MQ+O4[-$J.)2:75P$;C4CH6'A?Z75Q8VF[520K'9SD6T09
[ ^5]4^3N(.=


2X7BM#7[?.


M [VW^=]LXPLQ]9N-7E19^^B]6W'+9%9[WM@HSTEURV:P+ O5K83I
C^J6SH[




.Z6 8P' ^]8W-5DZ*JFV1!M

[ ]^


M]'RT^+A0#2=-QTGSP:%:#%YZD(.L
9ND#1\U!@D+X.3YF^0/!\O/<BX/XS3[*3[<QP'Z6D2![F??571-/QT

M?#L;

MT08;#FLX;!DYK-$
&PYK..PE:(F;V_#D!0
7N-_Y3C.8X=KL%&OS=GU[T8 7

M


MLIZ&K




ZD(Z++

X3WR9

02+\+CU[O

P3MY[_[U)__O1ZPC_

^2(T2PHS
MM]NY_8\IA^'-?#_O9(F#*

ONUM[^3


MKQ+1O _@FP$






DB^
M]2?FTWFV7TUD.93K!XD4]VR+2QC*[/8Z\E_6L
6W/:!X/V7BKR+OP)Y^.8

M6N%

((RX$/
_\.
MHY[W;L[$*3FSE?!@$3JE17C2^:^6XZ@4)'KR*%&Q_[!@48G1 ^EK^_6]!QPL





/C
<%/G+Y@+_HCNAU_B4/3#
&\L


MQ;P)FL=C252FKQ]*@

MNT@;30Z!='MQ

[^HN+
4F/#Q^

MQFD=[S









H
M@&

&G^/7)B+D\.O*KJTSP]4.@P%
(^*LYKO1.2*_U^4R_EG?@


YK]&!HI#O!4N&L[ ]EUL(SP45NF^M;&9O7.[
F

\//E^



=
0\)Q
M!KL+


#%2!H<1=%GZGTTOLW\7)*E.U6/O8WGHA=/UH0?YI!0B_<Q?A

M*TST6PW-3TWSV\M/\]MWT?Q7V1.A!Y3O2RHD7F'2WVY(?VK2WUE^TM^YB_2_

MK:/S3M7




\TIJN'T:

M27%XG)LD5]9OS_/A
*3/F/Z-V'^KRQ68.;[=

543+&__$RQ?Q=3'%+!'U:Q
M$2O 62%ZB=3



)!P8Z'+BZW1N%(%$


&Y.V
MM N8=30PZ 





M:E@Z_-^6?6\!X57^4/J[GS#TWM@RW!-][P&+\$@
/OR?@U@VY8S=/^?&M/_E

M70_&D

MP@S8IT3#'R;Q7PQLCZ]$;Q/V_([I1P46OF^J-EIPDRW9B$W)1MKR@+_P/S&M
[YL#(*3UC8F]LV04/HTUJ9]N(C
M+XBI*4/7N

M7M)J4--@&H:-#H=
CE_KR%#)JYH+$NAP4/L3WISQ[V%9I_2FBMQGN%:C5\8
MQAFNJ0AK+O&.3[R NSQ^#;9W_%MLH1 %X]^G4M:,19Y_$L_SL.:)UQ/^%J%

MB%2!=!*)-Y B0@(&9@;6B73G-L')@JI32V-Y $W@^DRLHE?J_Y1W
97RU8
MTF4KN

M^ -Q\9. QI GU#DCTGQ/9-Y-728KR1B8/LA'7(R6)P8Q/D&+1$0!:='S)HB4


%?)N3'.]C]$Q]KS]


T5XOC#M
M7MC((AXHJ9E(#H9A/)*$\HQU
4IBM@Z(&=AP$VP%88V\E&+O$+C([$ 2V!
!
M3S%]A1XHT.H9D#PG-RU[(F_:Z6D]U%*9E[A1.AUEJ^EV=A@4BD9+7?J8].

2DW5S3#]=H$0GI/EQ:3H_&IN/0


M=M_KAC&W:!0*-'-?#%6&'H0(._7)(9

X &4KU8X5%?V5
M)R/JBQJ&W
LU\;IA2C3N=\N.]EZ5(-E)[8%FB-S&X(?H$(WI79PDOA$0I4


ZT%/
]S84'9#V8M%



Y!1GD:=%1MLU;[P8'*8!1'HF+<L_)/QX5I02*<N=
M9P]%4H^'



R9(U!7%U$RE-D$/
M@(Z28M8:?'O%Z L8OH@Y=NP+_9P8SW=23TD;0* +^DZ?.%$@Y^S)PW..3A


BQ%R-6


M$+))XG77*[[+O.8V5/$
M$A[6G17$;&R(KAX



D.OX(':^P;
M91 H?MW0OW^<TCE?05\ZG'+0V?9NC0'%(M!N%'I^G

M@75C\*8\!$\B7N7A(ZA9Y

M+*;B0'
-BCC[5EX#D*RI@P
&2]F1
D)S6(54\2M2YXQUAT*CU@$EEFDI02N9

;




_^+JTX 2\-+9%X9.PXD@'$B%-OS2B%






6

/#!XJ/30.B?C-MU)5T4C15-OPBFI'K
\78V
MK4*2

MTA





M)(WN(KHPN8 28PHO\-U.T[D(A29


ZM^A5VD;108DX.7L$/


M
P^RL5\:OQKUA.#P?O6$ 8(8:AH;V(HX(.2NI..--&ZFWR3ECQNZ;3GYT'G$
MUO QT6@*T$5I$5[FY'90T8667-[.9ON242V
L8)Y@?;
+4T#^W7H$#/F:Q

 AV^( #4U;.^(1YXS$<,HBPI/8U
M'/K5H#;VZN$SHZ//=[/%O(1. @(HH#R#6+<QL/T-T(.$A;DYNWML2H,V0.%O
MG6]1.-7\$27I,A7P001F,=BO^G0![9A^SHU14!1IN;4\.@:I1$LC#_ZHT01!
MZU0#]1]38BVC*Y7$A*,A0I-M?4WIW47C\[-!UX!&0Y':R92E.:9XY'4&=@;






M; CD7$:/4K;)EDXF
Y*]$MK$%!M,;G(@:ICY7,^E:OCH@]VG:E4&T!#,D5E
ME. (QN*M^S]JM5@G/SI',*Z1SMHJ^,E8UJZ!VUHZ[;J#;&!VZ4Y?TY*
--
MD:!M$

M4-C)8





^P)!10[X::LUK^=6?[W[SS.?JP0!7]9
MI8S[BH^[BOP?.HZ:$O:)-?^[,%2]1G7H!+-X*S<0-Q^\#VH -!9F/ZW!'YOM
MC;^&/=B*Q]]?O-1
^KM$ 

&O%T9





7P.:F25(22V04T
M1ENI




MW7D6LI0R79#'
!09DTA10$_Q(;@Y*
 2F [LCMG\:A;JA)S%HW*?;6BI2#5B
$D.Y



E7. 9WJ
*DMK*;JYI02(7D#







M=+K :&RZ1E?#RQ7&=D7GU%A:SJTH_?3QB(F_G%ND%4969:DR.4N]^BYZ2YR6



E.)!L_B(V7#^P)CXJ3K8F%H





M-QCI2-%#THL(JR+*.

MD#:(

F8)B6+0BC4.^
8<


M+%6C;A-:=T@HJ9^W>)\=5+B.M07'0..

M:



M#


MJA.401GVHU7VX^O60+6J!QN=V6BHP46[Y+R4!/H74/)*2ETNZN
V;W(!C
M7R3K$*[6E08]-IP0J6



8N *'C+(ZX!Y9&Q2E 62@+

+.(?

MUI;




8L9Q[DO#!;B#?NCE!S/ DS#;-*6VF


;XUE L^)
]LV

!ZR
M'-SUAYM':[N+%932WM()H?!L]%:G_?4X6L?_PGZ-:&TT#+L%(Q_W)!0


M*$+--6:\_R4L.I$Y&^#'Y*.CJ2FILT93_O8L8R4T8*4]XUIAK#23&3$Q



MCL+4


4(\WB


MNF[(+ O86






7T
MP [CL(?AK%

M'UA!=:6'[UI/6V

[B%0CYRT$<RY#HX\V)MJ4-.K
MU6%5XDK]4BBAFV^J4!.[<HL\I:6DD&PA.2;#J;\+_4._X5J-P[%D-26
Q/X
MG=&!
2=G&D/8E)6FT=%L<BW5$VJ^3
M& :78@]570UH6X$I;'TB<:EFQ!.G$ M-% -L?T\ AV)DW5=@JD4X5J/ 0/=

)0BEZNXYQ:*VHY;8 HK#J@YI+2]NTMBUMTFMA9OHBXY%\+LY
M-F.&;M
2'1W87*-08S\. Y

LV+L+A<*$0.-JNYDZTPM-U<

C;Q2[G35UK01MHH/
J
O (BK9:Q\/=*C

MC WU4&+

M+5!GPRM
GQ(MD%T1ML^8?SSJ]E??(P2U


=$O-'OF!-559HU;':1WD79IY2M

M'9H3?L0Q8N/@!K+QZ3






MO

MG*I\


M]V[^+OCQ=:O2Y]#M=:+76%M1&#GK8P.WI#&Z%3%=NH.[VBT3\DGZ5/CQ'=




MG3
_8^H]%U?]GLL-8OPE#01Y,,XH/TX(B=VJ_*9C+(C.X$3=P*G5DX?^8:

MM8@+
]PT(
(_XF8T$4



MK+?(P1!+-



06;K:%AB
/*'T-)0&LN4'?



MB0J^$^+QSC6.^-*H]VZS==R/1/:U-GZ$
P3^@1TU]0'DJR FL^KGT=FI53\U
MBCH/61?2V*0(.CMURW52;QB22O=
Y5]:$!I*\84E1M1I@]]CG$JM MAY*$8:
ME
M\ Q:J!(ZG+S70+[N 4BSF!BDG.-EBW'S7?$AO=NXSC4^QL T8
MO/KC/4^8[,$=%@FVM5/U S\E;%/0F@L2XM$9-S$76KG3N],^AA[7N E;75



M_


6#MECC[MK%QWXBNS^M

*/


MAETN4F#


#!Y
M#O^B2F;43/Z@

M00K8D(
7ZW 9NQC$8,AP#UEYDP=


M.[0PB2/&CFM^#+:L )LU)\XGZ+%7:V:'UUY3 WJ6G;KH'(3'-P$6KZ. __'+




MR$WDL^H?2L1U

1S^#RB#1KZ5-L5!46
MFOQ9:Z

J

G



MM*



MM$HV8F1M0ZG5O
C5IUH%M;I


M9)VTH* @=SHN@3HG=!,V@HK0P1VC5'60RB&3704S 80+K10G7%59S0
M;N



M;:2
FN=1I
<^<]TU'OG&K5]\5S5$\*9'Q1C*[!2#J<!U@/K7=?587S8
ME,TPUFP\U)/V*!X8
&=U
B0]%


MV*BGP:AKJ+6AUK6/?J4G96,0Z#[ -RW5V%#5@U9S65P.NK,(8/Y8_:)6=Q
@)#=4VU#MXE!M2027*A\)
M-00[:U7\N%B






MBD;.$4'FZY\I=1-LC%M-K16Y7&I;0NM&G+J$59LAK$ 3-_M-RB: CW(Q%8




:Y+2QU!QZX#PM]U;*:4'D[\0#00SR&X(J!6)

=L#]VCNLXF]U6%8L44

M*5-H@# A5
 @#M. ], P2!=B:+0TL[K;L
Q@!W1LYM@4UT(@E._D%Y.496
CZ:;3=1_/;TCZ:[


N

RT!KU0

H 2$5WBR:!8CQXK1
Z'

\@;FS^4]]WJ4.F-D!
M5'(J=




M(L1FQ]A -7$\E(5/I' 8:ON%Y]]5-P0TG?)B14;S9B^&.PQ2A]%[R&7HE=X0
MJ.=2/P@9.)F@Q:9WN0\(&
.@ATAN%%0TA+#;-#40)TDR_I_D3D2)V[+ ZV


FF66WN7BC5V/2ZW

[4#49+:Y3!X:B*/


M(0-*T[R%.7'Z$!6QZUR.:C]3J,#TP.3'QC( =+C$!N,+ED8N+2:J-2/H%1
8M8RVS$+:U
MTJ.BO'6TO62YEO;PH-+%%@$N7 K0$Q#78E3TB'2MB1*(!XXSOD:4MKX::GT5


M$P

M& 8Y120!TB%HDXK[M8[T!30Z5'ZGX#AV!(TQB8[O&OZ*27@3QIN&:[D54FIA




MEPOFJC49S@KK
X0G]; H =G32XI$5S4@V-V$&A:YJK &([6BI9(#QV-E $*#

+XX
^/^7O3=M;AO)TD:_WU^!T.N:LB
@
<L!@WDU3&(J\HB&A)#NWL2G.CZ#


TX
8S\X
M'4[%F9^:H%S:)G-4IDP(JNZ

M49





1N'_:3\RW&P.D1








5B

M!C



BF(G=-+@J%O@+




MB%K



%

L)^DJ;Z
MD$


MBRS92W:X

^EK;:+W@$P*FO2W5+.CW@M]EG_?H*_SK


M CIAD!;@%?;7DR)0






\X3M857'4BD8N:#;(/*-Q#M




\L=G$+(\-)C



,%NZ,PUTP.GH$5Q9MM$,APXO,@:
M_0J47^O6K<$?FF]RH$O S'6R!*Y/$A%H#;2CY*JM)W*/IAEN#):,PZK%.1_J
MRG7&]R WIJ[:H;AU8[IU@ <-7N[,QWX)MN3%/!I6;X(YTF7ETL*D91T4]YR


MI

M5L? :#24 $K_X-3.2^J7Y:Y!)Q[A4TH7:-2F6Q'R0W
?9;Q@@-7J#N.F?2

^5

M1=(PXA?2JL0W6=.7E6)/U;F+UZE+GB05 JMHX-Y:J$8;Z#:31W)QGGIE



M;RZ+?^]C
F@&Z77ZDO9H4=T(7[;#0L8M%POWUU0+SA&M*THRL=)\7 P!Y[)8




MLXYU+J*DPY8*\W0CWML;)8RY.(MP[AB:$UW-]+



HMU
1PHB2ANLUP 7OZN


M1JN+C-QSUN24(4FIU

M*-(U1A.3[\W@ B

%(I^^UT6%0



2^ N$-@ TSW\/



Q@8MSA2^(J_%



%224/2EVN498CYRQ1<FZVK8GJ-==Q:]=!\


M
/)A$[WD$--#3.?VI]0;+



RG) :VR1!7=[]PCPC'9VI

MQV!V7NVMZ+423TN1-7-DJ)8T*#BW/G!-:U



M$#?-8.74M)T0E_^V&=

C4MG$ (Z2THCO.YB6K9
%SZ8XC3I3GV'T'

O%(
MD0




.2VA#Y3%&JA

5'
 
*?L4SQ+^
M*$6R8E#!MB=1WDH H:X$;%Y




M3E2ABP-B^#MVO:NW*2)T[&:S/=HX_36Q:(()1U?:'V+&Q!A!SEX?2HWKB=



+$L;FWI%64$X^&A5XHYF#KH_Y-6U9*&7?
M!28SENB3+TG6<UUNU&YX7G@$MQ?XM1DA6ZCX[NVHVJ ^65VN(2._H,3#%J
MW,01Y5(+D&6'7&_@T_XLF9%8XXKS705Q+P T1(DNZRAR
%*]BL-OP
_.\MR



\N4TQCOHIL]9YE5OY&R2Y?F2-6\AWDT'



IO!_HT1@U%PIRB=



M*3%



M:=

52LWTZC#CEW#S.8QYS6VO!

M%YG.$


MX7EXP2W & GTZ!?!@*T*1HEQ$V3C=)3E\RS7:1Y6VK5K6?29QL2 PU$F#KK3
MX650



+
ZG-APHCN!CNX%_HQ

9

M))G!NA^I0YI:K-A








\S@1K].6Z]1MP0V5ZUM.ZE#*CI..!'?

XS6:B9B5?


M0._UM
GA;N;0!$2L7S6_WE5 B4%' %)P352;CH(4CHAQ09E!0D)_0X2TGL

M'@8U&
;T1P1Y6J#L


JEB7AD


M:X;@EL+
V;F-0[6\TS]KO*.SO/&H*X:QD
[ANM] &7V5C(V1%'$$_^Q]ZK6X
9U Y]^M#F[:0M'-V$\3WZ^^!OPS;
MV(BV19+5,-@)BFVE@A<99QSTS\].J((MFBG*6GJ*[^A)X5/F\%$E.I3U+V5
M8^E

-RVK:ELUFF6P
Z74S


/




_4X7CDES=87


MF4L$Y__O*LIAN0;

&90JEH/#AN0GD1$E1A\LBJ.MF GVMO+


MVO-
IT3--+:^C
@[//[8K4[0BVXHZ3@Y

M'JT.*XVHC]H%#JN_K5LKH]+*&J7@SXEAE2K




1@N.Z7^(PMH/;Q&)@[45(;-S73ZH))



M8-60BVWLEF 1.:)B$[B-KGY'-R
G:1(+?9NZH6V3L%;H/$%
EP

3.K0*(JB
RZKT$M81V4TR!2G@










_BSYOEXFEBNE[L8[']NH\XQB
MH@?JU86]?E&=L9:#03WCK8G2+_#'-.:&!DTA-=?E

M)BT?%KIO?%H?!..B+/ZV5J)
&B@N1J0^?=3
 LC3]JXF[:05

MPQ*!\&;S4DKQ'*@2

M?XRT16


!L%S2

'@V\%*5G?PWY[/D:C4*)E!4+<?5K\CH!1_\ R)CBQT)
MVN6


_M8L
M
_(,WV7I1H<H6T]IX!W28.$9
M#4!H?GS_X=7'SV]?;=&9O?&JWLH3%4TEC1D)PK73ISB?

MD 0[JKFA$LC_KE(Q^@X/*
1UM
D4Y7FTL?P+I:;I$O&/N!Q-%6@-OZMRFBC$
MO'RZ9W[9[QWLT1;;7PW@5\]Z@?L(;J_ZQ&R6F?C]Q$U'IU6%:HD7,0#/Y$R
MQ9J.[XI_6H

TCH*G97:AI(L);





Q4ZX5.




&57)W




M^
VM8R57#?

M80& ZH!=W;F%;)FC-P*[3Z.6/\RS+X@XO16T!S?GI0Y\?  %8W1?N.QKN#8Q





MH86VG

M@:='D:4-!E E9


M
#Q=!/T\/%P
^ND_[\!_2@:@NWA
T-N2Y#QJ\F+J.IF:2&LE@Q#1$3
NH'(
M&ZD@

MZE@?(WN6O$:X$6@E@ I
=Y+NCXM' ]

MT






M.#P]ZYUU8FSW#K9_..@=][N#W;V#'0QZ!QN@GW36V

L:V6P<4! 8<*
5A:XGI5)2IY5IO1+T'(]&


.M&0-7N^ &)P'M(:/XX(2X88(!



J*COI*C'N/1-!(E&(S4YA+TB525VF[0!.XV=G+H-\X


-


;?E(56UR







KH

\J:D:? HW2R?_/ !ZF

ZZK]%.H%CD


;9#)BJ/@




(_%_'C V;4A*_

MT35


%C^I;[FLW2@+]^(.?



MC$=9IS

K;
YIKUWA.G0 9_ \+#
MC6I%DS[P:(

]$6PC
I3)WF#:GV&4$3;)
]WU
M)?!DUEO)X

JBC/*S
7V-THG


#5/#DY.+#7\:\;E+/#OJ/HQ?Z@$GY=

M]UY]_+#W3#SP$FF1FTM)ZI2

MW6K:64[SXP+J3_%7KFVD;!2I:2XIX^*/+&+))&V:KX/G%[E2'&

($

M+RBGD:15KF#ZU*MX#R\ S=1
;N^9EI/4=+K0-?2X*I*2Y.FHA0?CR3=L Q-?



M3\
D]8G]#SQ+<%VP)KX5)62



4 [&J01II62=]S)KPV=Y%K*.XDP


M:&?U:0^.1Y.EGMI'F]Q;SG#C$FF\  CF0:YX(WTBKF9NX)9(A51L1XBN
)V:





.G(

WP.MR



MQ?[TYK^BV?SGYQH/^YFMZ6:41(072TNTTDD9USHVSE(C
0!QZV&6OX0X=$?G



M/



L&:E)/3MH7&+.$'G+L4KY%QZ_2.[LMC!QE4\4S0&+.EJ\8:
MK@@V5*RBZ4CBT)CKVLSGT2LAEK7NJG56.R''6_[=HA'(*NZJU'2/PBAI:!U

M+'!&OZH*-:F2((DGD&1$AK8Y[SJ/@J&U!N'0DV : 

4'%A\-7C'C$\7*+
M9T;H22
B0T*]P:@M)]F( +5+XQW26&3*A_&Q70F 'KI.-%VG!6B*2.1HX6
MT?=78^5,Q/_]A'NO84X9T8VMM#W5E?_2'][:51U)D;Y;9/T#LA'9;&X_@5
M@BO@N1OGLTB-S\;;@#0@KQ



GDGFO'K
MN1#P[2((=R=#Q8G


J9


*L%.\]@A?*B3\N%0@_@#$0E)9KR8QHOQ+!IYQO:2\S@DO+D!?)@
MKH? U6-6S46*U-WZ00U-1V!!%EV3AF1+!I.]DU)G%KE)V83$8@0)XLIE8PT?


MG:99U2VFN\4E6! J*O0Y^BK*O07M\AA2(52P ;4FB% @9&QTS0]VV4@G?O


QV)DXY6O^03/#VM1.








B+D'!+)A-/IRD:

M-RK

M
YU0
M\K2J[YQLG\_0];L!A-L=^'H.G%POIB:[._COYN[F_Z='7AWT[_3@^]N^G=V


@

MV=W-[FYNV-WLGQ^&@\/3[FYV=_/.=W


_.P_
NTV(G


$=
J5/L3G#+3W#P


BI=TQWGE/N[2%73C%!ZZBZ4ZQNXO=*:[L#3E8?Z9M



M'6WAQV$VOJ8_P

M'/S0MD#Y#9TK_4H





P#1Z0)72W
MYCN\-=T1//H1=(QK6VF[NS5+;DUGSF[&5=](Z^;Y#B@W #[ICOP]1QXS7O?

?:O[\SWRS6WID:&Q+Q72\1/GV9)4F4


M]VD2I^I9&/R)N2YP8


M@]







MP\ M'D8@[8)Y%J?E+8\L#

MO[/X:\O VT&=S\?X


17U%=0&^]^2\
M=V+T#YA)@TBC60:T]!_^A;0$#T%IZ!VXK]4NFGUN4-]O7&V6[H^B8@ID!U=Z

M0K!]^


MGMA]7/0%M[/K
^%NY)(^$P/]V:[/Q);UF?C$0C0

M+^#


M)KKF9994
R7&\;E]C6U5^5 !=JIIL6O(F$,\^P+4,D%2$N915-171\M.CB

9P #7
7H;IC-$S5#
G8
M&4#!OF77H!0
@16@2
;]*$ K6Z(#AGI3PN#821ST#






MX/


:W/LS;7JLOU[WCZK8I=R+$




'23;ZTHP;_OQ@ <Y;LUJ9SL/P<1D<=:S%;B0#;[ILLADD5;H7BN]
MWO&I7M_$K


N5
MS7OU$CI-8F5[Y:.:U6*MA(-6V=K-'\8*)-+5!FNV)R[PK)O/4
4J0XC
']

3.8:ES&%]X*-7!$



#JE@HKGLII-J:P
M
\B[4249;:TW/&R[2U3:5H_Z T5AC1-

M@D*M[Z6%['MDK6-]X=/=]@AJP6GTX43+L\[A2J4
[
4I!
.J .ZMD^=&

K;I0= %]
=?Z+*691X5;
MHM4?R%H8\A5)DEV%=12GBF=ROOD/O# F'B99:CEDGOP5 ZM]0I.X
?X&K.

M%CWH_IDH(C*)('
%X_*^('
M8\R9WHYLK 97@W4D14;IG3.
UZ(@

M-L



8
#F
%IGE%\ T_R
;K*FS[6_Z*V9;;TH8
0FH




M[7@TV4R7&U4]20$3W6 P28C8



$I
$1#A=J:&51L&!F3;@.H
MBDG\18%R3ZH97*ZATHG0IMJ+I4Q(1@R:3LWK.:%

M]6+W/-F5[32
NM95EG\AX%G1H5*EQL6:L=Q7J$SIRJ46E4L=K5I$U)5+;7:Y
MU'
3?4%
B+K[S&!)/8V?K8 F:W1





M&



M

OT0R:_#/'_/C.(


M





MWS^WPFZR!F'7U2T_0(W187AVW)6^;R
)/;1TOLV
'T.(=U344='ZJ.CQU8K=






M

MS.


MNBJJ^-[$^5T(? OH^SZH
VB['$!?DWOC??4$-M(3DVI


M&N0EP@O9

M++].RR5N4QBNP%ANJ^S=0]SVWB.R2P
3#S#R*


\[6NAH06CA
M;$-HH9-WFZW0;0C%/GV9)4F4HWLS**=9!9\:%\]VV?YXE!QG[3H[/OYA
_*=
D&<
?N*._C






H[*O';R\$(SU)C@6&WV$A/P \

ML6&*B6V18
















O$0%_0B$#
=






T( G9/Q;)L9
MT&_FG-^QK*M&94'L2B+Q&QXKM^=CT&B1N+F!SF SMR
PUGTMG[$/Y*\6CEZ*

U/_C2HTIM+/$ Z2\97=#\T2XR4&@Q

M[2MH9#9##Y.H@'



CYCXX#6@#Y6&-5746Y$WO&J!'/'X6#NV?0O9*D$<R-0B_DC0PQ#

+


'YZ30BX5'\)WQ7
?H&[OE1)AAH4YOEEM2K5J (HQB+U/9RWJK -TJ



M%4O36_8P@/G\&H[AP'JXB@8&/N*;IU=N+Y;@69Y?


M)MQ87%MZ5Z^%4 EO67K0^Z#6S[O257/I6BSDPPZ1L%)@']P7.['(E.

M\2)RS_HP(PHO




0:N.M.A/45*(7P


7IY!.%3TY.
'%(:2%?
G/&L;G4*F^



MJIH]
VW

M




;A+/OUDJM24%1!-ZV^*Q^94GV/D/Y6\F$V(S&=NTZO<[**\

DHD95J1DID);$26:['Z(-KE4CRKAE5
M-=KCZ6KUM+SA0HI5$C!P(Z0@84+;^2FE&ZM)DIQ-56DB]QI2ZZK/DNJ[OP


GJD09]C#P^L



M86&5B5M3W9Z8EG

U4*7U

;B4&-E*4]H$TF&5(N0I^((#:ZEL].(W;2LL'(HC7B)


/LQC
M\NVT




 H#1C$CRFU*:



MCB\


M;EJ4
\@#[)I0HO)2XG/%U/M;L)8!2NAA=2;FW)8-U?Z0!K#R::V;+88\+V
-
MC.TMF6Z56/)_D)M[9#(G';W:2Q@&V?%@?E#2U.V]MV.-WN;6VI44G4WW:[

MY;MLS


M6FQT
3=:^


T].V

M31IZUF4S^G




MY&NG\WA%L%8$?P\;*HX;+K=I[!!A=G_/-6Q5




+;P.MC2B68[
MIL6(%Q]E:111A ^#']%F9DW;6!

MX8^X?'0-1#BZ8&&?_.D%( %ZSX)9^
#2L!H[HB-Q
90
-.=X7V@4UIK/
R
M*)H1[*PW 5::#

7.37XQ
M3CM

MLW#(
 :V-8AG1I.
'7 Z9CE5
$ ?)L%(W6T_CLV*8?BQ:\Z+S2'M8EX9DSDH
M
0(1$ C


MQE


9

MN!C[Y5L60RS(-&SXEW$-*4[_E58HO_@^UH)@#@M4L#M0N6CG
#F@K19%U&



KCX)#9#VW$;&NL$X+_$/R6]_WQL<(;N%.LRPURG!U7'8
J



MAO\;B!&8C*6@1RXIVA*8;O5*^:@MM DT=^DU6_VD!;F%KZ+EBG7/EI[_!X


ZS+W%QML($C432]1
M#R+X-3IV./6YZWN\,(:-8;YU<^[X5FL8'^ZNL@U@%X;HW[T$5Y^I0KZ'COGF
M53< @8L:
;1BP&1_
%

04H=5Q*[X[PBM^YL.=?B$UWY
MGL59N;Z@D&(9^/$V;@FZYIG?YD6S_2@.2GO@LSZBPYI:DJ5A:J%F:Y[%(DS
MK @I1-[]X7KS+8['-C-7I2^GDU9M_T0/!G?[82N3YV%=]8:3@(YF9P![

M1R+I%FB

_



MP(Z3^ K4I[PV7;:S$#;D81UM.L


D8_!H$)THZD?HAF.1
M.5G'=73Y8\@9A@JW]ZXQ/
#%#V%-O5']8S/E(^23Y4-&]3[DPL5$HB!H&]U0

M[;'


MV^.0:3ZR QMZY)VR^N
Q^2+K;

];&_)

(4\%!?0
MPBU E]IMRZJ19/V1Y2WCW!?!UJ%+QXLGK-U&Z0-OL'%!TA=;G!(D]I95U]

\


5&9);'H\
J;&MB!;;BE%B^:!:5^2N




MF$:N3


M8 PI
@960FT35WCPZJQ%V

6]AT8RK6
M%Q


NP9;G(EXU);@@%+/%#+K7@AC\P7ZM7+


MG^.?I8COCG+.)?!!&LLW\(O-N)CR'\F.O[ #Y%L_.5IZ8T&#^1Y31
]3^XWM
M53Q^T

U/G33\V/FA[[A)I L(4!EZC








!W'+.;S;&H!UQ\%Q8=T591*^V)\;_27SJG(2KT_LX&%
MR4/?=%45JH5

M1;_-!A[(Y


MWR?73WSH-W_^7MN.I\60G?\RW  KW8\ ;PSK\22GOA0L]V-;2@O1JJ=@OZ

N(1N86[P\.O-E


M\3'&FK.XNCS?Q:C6#I05-)K#EJR\YE!0NR1J0KBCM=U*X*R+)XQ9I7^S9JVC

MS2S&[ZS6X;%JV.BP#_I;L0E-V818


MXO+P*P7YC




7A^5V!X26$EWJ=5+.LQJ\USR6[5.

8:



9Y






M^G2?.H7! S2Q5I@WELK^[TVAA!BP?C^UM1U_^RZ.8=GJO:';)8B3@W)3#G
M13'NU)M@.Z7
(];WAUK).SJ#0=@:/3)E-QNVG\G(8:V]I^):BV7.;9F+*8-R

8^MR^

 K?CF_&?.I

!O@S!UU@&7[E]6/U
MI5JS4A#LG;TN&LR.M[1!I[[S'-.L6\QIDEAKAK+I

M4-GT]

7$$&5+-TB


ML[=5\(PR*XG.^B_[?%^P_


01ZAT1
M]A]JF:IL3Q;!Q0ORUCX5!%YRW?SJD0^U=$'\QJ) ]&A[),'TU#V.K5I&;M

;2:@*)(0'VW6Z2$
'+?2P
&V.J!]7X8]F]^_]:_O^T^#?Y)NO_SHS?\2]2\S'SD
MHN;EH999**]^S<L0+Q%+_
?]W$\\KA65PC^M57
9O(;5B

K#D]@4HVNS.;



MRN&


/&U

Q+5A$=;M7



M6TR&T':F!R?M 5+V'TA@4.G!7&CUBEZN8')/M+(%48%45T9DB:P4=L)YP
M4V2=8&/82\T@BCS3'%D7C#XKBFPG9O3!;CW9O6
&[Y5(4)-1*
-4)YRK.@C
M^'^N:$O

,^82AP(3SO+==3:A8!Y.RQPUJA/'EU)=1G4\TKC< Y#<4 F
MT0$99F7E+./$B8/
Y=[S7*33(W



G_X[5



^S!!6QP-_WOCT_=




M*Z5EV);;/FRW/?67 VPQL%FK2ZW&BE[/ K;G!-MR#&Q; 6Q;18)MN5V5*M5F
M(6%[!#IWWAK537\PQ'#6UW[_=D &_?O;TU&M$F2?'I@-I)&%6JFDH)O=F+;3





MS@:

1'VG?6OU




-U%?:
4U4B@6_-RR/SRHUIQASHPTTT,PW[P5*I_RZH?R+VMU?CB4#J](
V7KK



#?EVJ-@J8



4*=O[_8ML:XJO


EG[7I *9$5Q9S.9.
-%HP8ID-M
MXIC$F5#$&:M+(0





'ZSLAQK =@-]]





ML?SD0*FT1T$DFRK(' U]U#*ACYBF!V'QV'7SM';O=0#4(:A4$765%%/3!6!
M#Q)=D#W#=4#F22'EBM1L5069#))8[#KBH^U&XGIY(DZLF90U2LYEA^!A+I&

M+_

O)3G'=_.+:[1YB
MZ=:


MM=#1A

(%\.9)MBK70IC-07V4&2/H+_Z8B'I^NK:V7KVK
MSJRI6]4F&/:[#5\?KN8;[HN\H[Z[[GML#Z/0W.%YY'Q!


9X



+X O@'S()K)).

MAXM2WDW$1%:D
/4.O@\GM-FKF5\UE=#?SGYO(?






KDJU6MY^_-.
M6'\\$EC7X_(=4H7UCLUXUF-Z)_$HP'QN8(X[)[\SF#/J/YP2L&L7US6IUA<






M)&YP 7P!_$





MM(0
R5Z&U#


7RO





MW\F]WRY+Y=P/=@B!=G!DQU0%/ZAW?S.LA8XF(+TN)ZE92B40FY&+?V=\;YG+

0 FC2]9(VU


9X


M L0[@GB[8Z






ZQ@A
+
M(BD8D:S5^=-H1WN.ZKM(YH]$.BZNOW3N.P\WW8%$;JG&6IEF&^@*$3R=Q?

M2GE7W5ED'+#@)YT L _DWIT*?30RH8]5I^8FI@Y#MOGSDE7RR3MK0%#%&5)%
M





M#DM/'


MRSSMDT^6(=E5Q$2&\C:F6!:/ADG#-H+^72YM9L+)WAVG:NR=LK&!*T68PNH4

MEEW.B







\#W!XA:=GO%##

3RI^LTNI7[F_FGI3GT




MMM+)C


_S\A%/JCW\ #T#:W[=(7:55!$E5) R=U)CPL9;:U7Y

M*RZ?BCJ4 CBORU6IUH*(N$F7-!9ERD-Q65*!5D2O5J



[/EP2-\=HY]Z%

MSP4]\^+ZIC/X1N[N^W\.R-U3_SOI/?S1'0Q[#U])YV;8^Z


3WG#% A=&[E<9DF0JEJAM6@:V?6\PO(C2H

M66



@Y%WRFDDNT+SZ/

M%?U%+47CU0/



653Q]$I/]4&ZA1\Y5B:

MV%E/QH$D[/I9A!3I$PG'Q%0TT@?R16H9:E2B%:@ JCY C6-_(Y\.6J]4328
MG?5[NZJD6E9YBO3P6!]J$5N+*IJ#KF3E?RZM9TC-UC'#&)JB.SEI+K7#&KW

2/7F%M=#+)#2B MI'M9@@_LXJD;_-0.W[$WVS*%0O3/5\





MX_A_[+GP E3








HAE0/

(AN#%Q=;#

M2YOA5R!\.]P;#ES\$6Y6-&H/80Q?D*0NN%90;M9JI6;K@L!]\@QIW)I3CQ&F


HI;SV8(3V83V%P;_C; $:DC4$+ !L[



M&+17=
0Q0


MV@*J@D4QV&AA--[HX%L3/OS;Q/5R9$WGLIL%VMQSI.0KM@(&TGH??&4RP0W+

IA1U!?1SX4_/+CSYX^_XL&ZY&@)TY9G-KBHWYO6+O;D




5[3=X%\G3AR]3DR@T$OSU0!PV_.1K:F:

/F;IXPP5%=F\)876)7PK

Z#-NW!
%=6
[

M=!RZ$+U\-DJ3J?R36IGLWXHU/R+%V]M=])XZ;]^I


M



PY!'O.L_
MQ& SY=[I/[QG


1%N #+S:HXZ$#GH_X
MN



M7_S1Z]H7'\BEMS(CAN


OA=ZB&SX#GL+
M946N]I-6RJ/(&^8#_$X

+/TEV;Y9($E
MZLREIDXV)O3#JL ),<P%VSQ5YU*J5QZ?G0I/@V09(%;OE16)QFBV^]*/ #8
M?41O_DGY\2]0-W-3QPM0L1@




M:DP0]&.Z^\HM6H-))(9C6L(
H5%2K
;[9BSX'OJ !H=9_J
7J=;--V*QV+;M
A4 T2\S4]V(=[


M7C()AC;!P'YAK

 !@!;FVO

MBZO1J E\[/UXL\!S@24-%





3XQ=1C:0?E598



C9&@?626]/G5U_D1D

[J1!S1A



1Q=*+FBF%1
M@$Q
:7E'52Y8TFBKOU-<02V
M5:6N.I%S1M/;:5TIL&9D]J8X'Y.$UI(K9+L'-0&=-ZK9E<69#L%]:W&B
M'\R?$\0RB^G/@9JZ! 9^:T 

5O4IS
MZ=4.Z3=7!&F=L.IG33X3DL%P2APKR6TTG'I#F=]+CGX]A-Z1'3DT&#^RGS
MWJ1(


J-Q6'+GBBI*9X*MCZ8S::F[5$0XZT^TK?+/.$);

$KOS@/)NO!(E#.
EP2N
D^K3'D
V2WC8S=Z^
M;[/;FRNA(G4

%_Y251'Z]I+ER$D*-:[8&04'C*LS?P5.Z;#A@JG?X5HO



.F#I

M$@VD%QN/H$JR3; N
/T.'R=1 ;?,& HKL)$-EC^XUF._1O+W/:J!JS6WBE





8WM6NGTOBZ1G
--3H#%3-(E/$8Z2HL_YO'TCSI2FO30U#


-NO&;)]X(&^SUFF& L(1 \ B

IJK5A&@V@E&O1B\QGVJ]&F['+.R8-

=R8 Q7.CS -'5-7-8/?
MWZ0UO))3FQ+3F*J;Q73HG(:][TYIBM





X?9\*KV%B6
M\*


M]8?1HEA?7K$O'E*JLS!%M9**CQ+2]UJ#1;?UU06%5K\%O0_.;5X:_FOHK
M\FGD,RXB8*4])Q8
+PD=2825!/;M\3)*!


Z \[Q5[@C,=^^:,4VN]7P%M)[1QRCH_.+OI9_3
M.V5M6%)
46;5%S


-NGS[

MB+2%7]!DF?9@Y;T^E\2BBI9ZSD$%4M-;2@SPPYYKRZ4'6 )'CTKAA3TXL6=0
MNX$QXW4?D%EE




E(I:.1'O-3*GOH@\B_ZX7J]/HB4K[FEWH@1?T$*H\7 ^
S
M:-&!?$_KXS3T11G/T7(-/*.FQ&OE24UJ1$7C)9FT4
Y#G5EG.Y^)(^ %7NZ)
MCU$0!64


MU[RYORY9J$L6*EJRT*E+%NJ2A;IDH2Y9**-DX9%:W0S9)T#\]C-\V-\IE@W/
MN:2G.S?:CL @Q? P_B.*8O:RHCHDQ19H1#

M'G#TG1LO/KM[N)SW[DL)9U/U;;TQ&$%IS.09X?M#UG]@5F(T@#F5B$J.1P;#

QEU$;YMET@!5$1N=^T:U+#:SM%XN\\'MU[HL^821B/:C5
M'O9ZK6$


?[?&8*M;[-1L[TS



/CD%*^#_U2?GAQRF[
M:1
$\J).;?IHB'3).9;M60/T

E$KD
M!@E=E-/)66Y3WXSTEU+*$A ETXE6;DL0:(H(;\L)APYFCR_91+Q#![\$?[()

?R$.?*&M_M!*7/C-X3@]

M'


M2;!^3U;6GGX6$#'Q/3YZB[#OFV:Q2K

MD* ]3D#P72/!MA-IV-GC*J@B9.@+X$P9.3QXVA7!&BB&25V T;:;S;9F2Q9Q



M(V+






M:NHZ^YUCSZX-Q-MJP%KY2C4[


MHM#WV@)A6#7PU(( #H*ZAM_(5N#:3,2!+TJ10$.JS#Y&9A4G2=#%8#F[)%
7
P92['=X#-#'
MS[P_TB@5:QC/)NOD4Y71^J!7OD)#Q\%


(0CT
MH








_:6!0H+LO2W/SC;QB[[&P@ZF:))WOP<),6]X&B]L06F^EQ8.)F&W

M^7DE[1BH+I62A[ALPM
!M).UNM3LJ6ZB DJ^1&I7YQ*INW:)Y*U!(\=U5Q2:

MZ)] .)] BK:T*!N6% JOFIE@%,3(-J+;C10[^*Q[J)@!MYNT'=7%X#B-/GP
M^-::X3V][KSY2.T%ZUR@2+!1JH-S!?0D9G$D6^ NL)TG




M?9)X&T_W/9.DC^3N(%X;6B(N^&D=+^^
A7NMO0^K_5EX(-/:BFJQ\/$[



FUA_F+H.J:X<JM8ZET\_5T\_CCJ:?+A\56CU'5([W7GZSJD2I<*U75(
M%3FK#EF'1&;@&G@F,Y.][TP:.J %GOX!0.G?ZUT5?]LGI:+5GOGLCV^0^D



MQ?&IH


M5'HCS  4[I-N_Z$*SVY-RXM#E@#9Z:


H


!!&;V'IY+*PA;7[S7@%4[ PW%7AXGH)BQL%BQL==G%=T:XQ

C^J 
DF8OR133



&C&BXMWD

M)EI




MIR5:^
=D8?AY;0-_EMF6@J.S*^PC+EW@*J2[A]I54J5AL[



CSIYKRWMBH30I
M+\0WFAN=E%9S!YOOQ&SFGXT()WP(K21%6GIS1Q.9QTQ81E!G;DQO
2X?\(

-&S&




MIA


_97AS/

M VJ8\=

BQQC
MD3DQ;(PXA(E[\X#GM,P.@J?VX1*F&*'=TH%9)2F8?9]!J^/5\2)P./'L)5
M9%O_I/S8YAP.JN



M[]KYV1P%\-VP*OV1ZC#'^0V&L@R:PU)HL*/&22H8
K8]R*.LWW
T3(O 8H_?

Z)TO![/NP;Y:@_Z^5E6&S)3

63+GTSFE)YLGAYP; L'%X&(N-&
M? L*


;_\Y8N\NM-VS

MHS/J)32(JX^

F!@I70.
MJP=WLU)..?ARY\R)5=LFA9T-36&Q819Z$9.5,R'C/8^V.6 2.HM71\/1\Z

I[(Z(YNI/YXKQ

M

Y%=\!H^\
L'M(1F^W#WCS6'/Z
.:_RC.8^<[*
M0RW#2K@$@#8YC%2&3&=KP+\VAA01+(Z\*H8C+4U;H^:A8J@PT(M?R&O\A









#N0
MFF-VS! +'YMPKD7^KFO


;T[_!Z* <1%@OQ2
V.@Z?

M(:MSC_G J#IW]G

M;&&PQ5G1:WSR'U=;(NQ1;?T4!4K2:0US



M7(


%HD N6@W 9?'PPJ5
MM;-\OZ/T2]\=

_
1


KU__KO@WX4XUHP56\V_-O^7S;]+M;#:CZX3Y




MII


M*D@.PX5!=6VA.1QFTJ!/ KWQ$90HNE&2?QHHCF-IL%&4L+!ZMG4VO&*&P)+X


FE3E!3T8U0])6M 1U 0JPL'((
(7.(SP#=

G@$.F^KJ#69Y/NHZTZ$5[+!!7U3]A$6]7H


MS!H56#*X#:@ZP
@.;X1JIA)7ME_-_&S^$OR'*\

]OL;.4

MT!H+HMBN!3]89&J^&/ 2!N&GV5
XR@@]-5UC2BQ'T8QP0#=TKCG*W\0[/C0K


M


L1YR/D5%
M)ZI

&]J/QEQ356)\XKJTU^:J A\]
M]^Q=E!I?I!@2YC
OH?(Y/


:9!&


MAZW249._DA=%EUBKSQ=B3%='FW==94A140J0X#;
LX%QCX(M E.8^RF5S=([
MJ8322C-6$E:M
(%Y+\82WW&W9'5*L)BU3112E7M7CP@C+Y'+Y2N%DO=7!$B
M/=#;,'S/N*FRJ4T(F%-#-PK;=3?*-P9#


RWI909



M)\U249-Z50'T&:4!&B#:\@!Q*8TD,$[(::?-%E:FBZUA^N(HSXP(:V]9[C1
M#&\O#?@'6]574S&DR8M%.+UR1RT%CC4D&)!BOA&)H4E#+F:OK83CFGVWI



MS?B\I0^XS6=L
9*WFK./




M6MX*$RGMKY_IH##_

/L WQ


GPUW#7#


#ISXKQ]]ULABX1?DQE]_#


MV]G

V^J?0)DO&3=N;:$1V::9?.6//]Q%0NX?TM\



M8XAH/DB^I
U!




S4)\
MM]D@S=!+K^E?XU%+D
*4'\7]W2WVP5JWTDW76KM4H;W34'2)^%P9H^JJ#C
MX.#L]YKQ7'A?\I2=^KRVQ_Q*
TU3]
X@X4YI5^)4(?0.1.RU1$1






=WYP6Y]I40[ID+#?Q%IKKP2?Z.
M'Q@[


5-]



MX+B@CJ5AMFU.?J8W)J%';&#O]5A!
!0=B?Y*]1@1PR,=^F?0W/E4^6BP.%A
MG_'_PI$Z9G1PPZ,HNJ[C*YT.EW1*XY+4J& E,Q.[D2B$B7:B:MWMYC=Q?N_
M0^UN2KV1$(U


A#O![0%PO1H3(_+
MTAN1



D9&\4\?







MSFBK=[J'L]4W


5/4A OM:0;3$R[V6-





52



MVP&Z-Z5_$997@ODIL Z:WJ3 


M#XJNDQ=4


:F/(C$0


0S(4!WXC@Z49L2W47%H@N'

*^

H+69QJ8I


IN1*67!


-;2T950QL'##I5*$R-[5H
M#18G-=CBF


I(Q\RPO22Q?R%+GLWL!0X&5/L(2DW%=8E*7F-0E



9L:QCSYY+))/?*.$LA 6MIZ&=@Y^L9DO3T

B
M?5?HOK^/JO7(-CPEL]WERH3[@]N:47)8QA(ZBVE.D&P@WHG/S2TP


M1U^5_)7AIHM6UVOE4&I6X.H&PM6!=8\^$:@3?=64+K@S]6*:*@:1]$0QVZV.
MJQ@)\WLCAM5$1)' 



+B6)&[
M6Y;



Y;DJ[9_F!#^BB\ /8FJ=BDZBR





M/D]_FO@A/GN



'^



M%;5'7L'-0;LE]\:[NZ[;
K8#-Y1ZH=P)#?)V0XYHL15)V4




M^Z\GS=')W0Q6J+UJJJOH+!-MKI'9E5?8?
?JFLN)_E'-9+(9OR;9=IV-G'9
M[(ERU/\E?4/4FF(Y8X)-2' \MF_?6!RU%N 6Q WT**[L'YGFWB7=W%U1QT5
MK'KTY3/07!NEF5;G!Q(K;/9@84M

M']3J(A
E
X;/$W^B7(/.U[QP9%Q1KN?03:3N,*GAH3DD'QZX$9=TS)5K.EE
M-Z'H;F!-O8EV9U#Z36-/XPUK5S6LO 62^6CU@G0@DBFZ^!T6&QCQ8.;W_UA

MN


RA1JF 'B;/SN[]





[5
MH=F^ &XL8

*$TO'@S#[]Q


+:-A3V[WXQG%=(O1R8Q[_J

ME_L)W7LK)$3



N


&F39/N%
;0DF#







I?BA2+4

M3_D%R($%A/*9Z5*$!=3(1@8YCXT*&TC1
3GD$U\L]A0@*

D^U$^ ]
7VS1_./SYA6D[MZ;S;P*OF9HO!I R
M
I%

H%DP*?K$=6[*(KJ!AY)B8S-M(SN;E





M

I;M5W%5!2<-F1U0&<?UP]?C[_=63+-W<

M

)
&FTFT M4

M3@P/0:/?+.H7;$6*^M-.77]:7OVI=Q[W



'-HDT3[_ F_@G\Y-P;. T[\JA*&1FG\
HJHI_F(BX)

HVCNIMK[?]:/(KRXZ3BK
YL8KL2
.G

/HNHDUY$J(#P


:M]S@P^9SF9





M3




Z=
YAQF::Z\DG!NM.0
M9Q%'4F&'8:=!L^#K9Y:YV&GT=@C0RYF#F?HRW^G[O:9$O_L$-'!
1]&W
B62
M$BAFDX1


MKS'!$&Y8-LK73;L+_Y7.LB& YB^$1E.B=W!CF]C6YWFO'#.[K1;_!?Z9G



MN[4!F2O;433:YC4T2U0J
 _R8ZJ[*O&*157MU2L%O?_M^NE!6'(6J@WUJDTC
I <3V.IS\#:1  PZ
MC/^]B?T



M






MKYX[Y7J7-[;M$E7ZO@1^XPDL-5S GI 7W4REPQ4]F7*!O.ATY6&OI*.I!KS8




MG+Y238


M
8
M7J/J;VHQJ:3K0!N'V

M2]9)P/L[2D#80(HT&/K(QH4_A+)05T2Q

MI;:7*IQ=L-=9*M#8J#F.0[\ ^3'GSJ

==4E1B?/&*!+/ZCTVMV
R7ZJJ<ZB(T
MDM<&2_K3!.](TS5G%4YQ]S]^]3^F/@C7&P95$7/-=DP+[PGCW&G#W=6
?B@
MX\_H\2W IV))[T=$*(^[)\3TR?-$[$6ZQJ;KQIX3S=A6809G@0[SOXUR@1

M_


-. R+1/7YQS.%G9N8T
068S^!@O
ML/#OCK8@WC/T2
4
M:L]_U+A!/X6
RD7IDKT4VCK%_8_P\V
__26.K%M=\'^EMC5KSWL]=JMP5KC





Q5K^LEA0=@JEE-V

:G92Y&=VS\]Z@&6_F_)/4$*3K




-K7\E2A_V:W4

T:QNAAB[!!0ARHMDU*$?M!*^&FZ_]O




M^2M\F*K#+ZCW*'E)CN&GN24:\ EVJ


+9G*]J9V


M

ME'.II4

$2


&^X%B2



M[^]YJWZDD(




M6D?V$5G]!^WN( $U@9)*^I


ME%\).@YL





FEC)ZPT:.H5IK!U0S@=DB+=$L%R;'Z0Z:KTDA*/6@-G)%%_^L@

M\-42
=CD[RMQG&A;?[_O?A;RJP&**#0!%& 3?E=Q%46]#4S#DOYO9@*-D-])

NM:H_FQ/S[UZ4HJ:695T^UOWK4L[

VRN6]/3E[EM\H:04I8W\
M^DR1!SX
G^^+ZYRL+:.D]#=09*
MWJ6OI&_

&SW

]D2KFXBQ@@=G

MCQ\;%I_

M/=4F.#J\



M+?2

M


MY1)%'+?S

2%D8Z/2D?1E+_* WJK?2M+VL+*?81QE
MX


M9WAJWX$SH+9W4K55J'HPT+V259^RB:YR



+999/K?)'+?0X\9R






[Y
MC7!M9N61_]X&Q'UW9]J9Q'UC:AV\T56-;8WS6BQD1R$!O).ME1%4.3WB<
D


.X0N8!O6GM5L@T[M$N!]HF;D/%)/M]KN8'G7HQJT



T5P

M:I=09UJKZP[OV9!!$=H\6&1IE]#FOF%W6-HH DD'15QEEUCF(0S= 0FF@-QA

VH]O#


MSY=9LD@PG



]?J6:R^G3H%65;.MU^




M^M/4I^:7]O5=O]W\=MU\&+;[GXBLO<H+ZS-,1<TQA6DKZ!V-.(SF5(NT.+\
MUV?BSF[_6F#_@]^M3'S=2U?D)A;F7^_CQX7 ,HY





MP2[)


91


MIO&BCD%6
 
A

M]H.LJ!H@XSN=C:CYYY)E&2[FE-V\]#V_.S[19V+.[4_X/K\7W^5?ZLR9W3$H



EE

'K

.(VJ^4ZB1)P6)BQK[[V
%_]Y$RL\O?@2^#
M3NSB

M5


0\B$Z-4&FR
BP!9
31[=5+=$C

M
BV=!KEX

&



@]3#[](].RS89KYD^KO





IJG8.4[O



0*8@X;&[]H^/
MQPO(E]QWVN5D;&I!O Q:TX5=:)RZ;TB':+RZ[Q&=[!Q(5/POX!R[K?*'F/




6'Z
VZ.4

M.UM3E4Y@T#Q9]KC
F$R#ZP^^3-WK

E_V8

MMS




M.D_E%[80B=Z)40.F;Q@%P4.,\1W%C Y_XGS26CAR@]RV\GFQ(^\JCL]ECR
MT/=;5V


M7(&06*]9XD\@9M?E1IO!#^C-M!(Q\0T3ZQX/+QFWY!S-,E#+I1./2I9@^
M;_LO-*GK=V0I
(9MFUB5
4*-OJ-0%LG*L\[\

Z=49S!
X

M5HS%

M&:T)%P?@:ADK^L)K'3
4EJ

M^9V?N4W!9+0P,QDW*V !=#A'7[X,C36H:E \S&E+G28T80EUTTP6P.DV1%

M%J





\K@]GP8=_'W[QAIWUXI:?


M_)U_I


M&SI^ELT;(./RC525I&JY=E

)I2I5PN_4E_





Q:XW@Q</7+8+X$<Z1*N=&X
MT6WXJUBHU.J_BG]*A733I=W.SUM5VIC#^]Z;WJZ(P%7==5J[-T5T&1\H24GH




Q(PR4Z6J4*7#JE*JJ--F52I47542.G1T':H)'=K7
M\D2I7BR6I9MQK5RN%!H\2%5+MSYHLBH:2+!
%4LJN/H23&[#45M4D26VMCO+


A857K1-H1
M'E(A&]LH9*!$D6F9T,B+UDBI(%1RCW.^&*TL%K;1RJZAXQ&IO'Q4
QWI)@B
MY^'0BIDRUY0KICN!G



M.I_I3^H:M$M'&-]K2D!_@MMV2XI%Q@?GC.;ZG L7PQJ?V[G9T@N6M@K9

L)
MA&=R@XVLW.)63S[U%?[TZRK WUCF8:FL1!(2EVP051J8LIH5*+E+9^B:C4
MDG6EEG=2T23D?M:6XQAI

M*I=T3ZQ@99+M$8-_R#K?'E5TCSD]=5YP&P7^\;RPE3K:T6X;!VWTSGY5VB
M:^()8*6R

MDXCU63Q$=#)%K6=D:6.5=E4J27R,F*P5P+LK19:$6A,B\94) 4+]S+S.'?
MGKY_(8^/3P*

C^R.9)U:EWW

M$31H?14(2H


;TB?QF8
M2MHFN3E'=&MQ;W'TF


FM5SQ
F$? *!?G]K#'.ET6_D]0S7:

.@A\Q2

#LNF
AA8

MV7:+-8+U#Y_FGXOM'H[!?V P009GR4
/%'-&?L(
MK[GLKU1-@QI/JY\&/)6^)\LT,6%BW;H [0%VX6$(-QY:-+:MJ@&]@\8W+R

M\-M [^&;


Q*K0?9X@%%PH






AH)?_Y^PR3^E]]OIO9
N_W+_P-02P




MOF@@:)#@8;$07(

MXRK@F;P

 DP0#2(+QV V@ P PL#'^2X#_+@Q



PLK&[N ($1(6$3T_0=I&5DY




S'DEE!






9R H7 =5Z58+:;QSIF[R9





IF4Y79!\[5&52V'^I[%(@1L6T?



4KP%35W6
K*QK0D:]^-X-


VF17IJENBUXBD;(6'
MR3N/Q+E78D=::WZ57F8)WNN%1LT:$_NW B2EBOYFW:WJB5Z4H?;FVXQNARCX
MN7 MERYBSD^4B^Z!9  M.)67[3Q70P6G]MAZ(S4J6 @)]WT==N^PM;OLT+.$

;LY?\'




M\6 U;TJ8/8)^PYE?Z29V467+844@(1G(5E-\NB83]$9@J






$;_NR9G*H6(<R/
MLGQ?7(



7M7





MF!:11*PL3H.AZ


2O



M9
0]5[=:\$:@B-DMYR0U2WLMO(7[+@&')D9\*JRG&=F.K6C+^6GZ^ VM;ZD@



MR



 [7P6T*T&=]S
MZ)\([+-^L..S'K3\<6M9?GN+J.VPG

M)HBC61O.Z:O
;#OHOL?79$X8R'5$71(./)FZ_@S76D7#[V'XA^\PAX10I@



MJC0]Y)^SUO8





K!\O8OV+W/@Y^*AE.
MOCWQA8E+=4E+$TQ#








M\0(WZJ1DEX/V\/DF855J?6JG&&&ZV':M$*MX/T7RNA=83%/Y/2K?N#I=O6%R




MDGLB0[R6$C)O-VXOMJJ='+*N%(=[M(Z/8])Z#UPEP\KPM'R+N8$R^QRK&
C8
MEP#7)=X'17D9=R6CV739384PEHQ
= //G28O^L#V+)AG_



MF[1C[#R%EQFNR%4I^Z8.[FI67XOE3J/7PL5TVB;;EOFOUFW8[WX:Y=;62\V
M:O,&K+A\.S2LW)!7N\K=& N177N!&-=T)&G:Y/Q?$K]\
*&[


6]^DB#LW?T!BZIV FL;1SIMC(W^GTF;^F]0G1/%.]
[.FKZD

M2






M9S_SD!UOI;/S&FL=

M0




@SHN@Q5YJ(_RT]Y?\[!


M6N0CPUA^,S=\0*QH-)/M+P#4MLG12RU5;$DSE%?^_?D,U3RV1W_$MGT-EE
M


0F2?]LZ0R[+4.VM+X-'.BSH#;

/;, %\(%4H*'.O/U#/YY^I8<ZPP,,2NX%^!*G





B


M

WMH0'S/!$.OW'(7<B$BOD$F'5W-@6/;(5'T
MTSJ'





A\\%Z6,<A!HO70]\GS3.&6X3W3DNDXSJSP%.D3&O]V6I4
3SWT
MW(^?$C




79&D2*CU\*(;6U3E4O#X#\

MWW.QL]AEX*ZFJH8J@(.# ]C=#@+!!ZI!+LZ 8.#L +  #A;4P8P+V](K[U

1$
MQ%0D)%2\C'2



YEHR.W@'BC%L^W2=
MLP[F!C-MSV^OP1)
.@.BP0DS#!?[<*<,OPTA
MB3PW10%[5P)Y6.#5($9\C5-]5T
142%/CU9K/QQI+^8\3?]6V1 \%9[A\-6;

MXT!



(E?U*
M:D%
=(*W6WR%J+




MQCU8TVX4'Z+3#$'1'$F_*MYO-CY



MYS7/62F+IKN$Y:XE[S*PH)X]F_'@9J(=

M6Z?IU[3-9G%%367[5&B0/6);_:@.:02JQ3
O@ #Z+2 W,JG&$_' )P0*1\#!?;61
MH?PVLU@T_J1] WR:K=GKD0;'4_5^8J'J+O$M2Z?V[+)2N38?#-)
6%V7-+^8

MHN)3I)H7CJYOGQ&&:6O/R3=0S:+#_*?@THK0D&S+(\?$)V^(!@/H5Z&8]'FV

M



@N


VLQ8EU156]IE*\R88TPK3ZJ7W.9

\6+61I2





MA

MS
G/-G/*C*%\E!J4E210BW%_<&KZ=_M6<+%/XQZY 23HH

M:3
BAVJ]X

M4%&Z6\8XQ=^

^:%U(3I3_,W3<*6&<.TP
/Y22K'0R-3)V=F'5'-P
\
M_'(/5TRTJ7R$1ZFQ2!0?$)!U+;ZCMO/]$^Z*C,(U#PQY *111U!KBKS7P
MTL*#E2!PC]&9!::GF4EOZ]B*;&PN2
^SL[3-

 W)ODDN1UU93C^





WI/V-5



/$T@CKPYWT[O
I_6-%:

!E_&VS/K3)N-)Y[Y6IGA6CQJ:T#=N/$*LL_M5@




M.[T\MCE'ZFAR'^C&
K3=N6^N?-2:NVFWG[T)Z_80C$/E.;QAVJ[X0:72B??9

M)A024:UZ2_F*T*:V* Y*K9G6?O]FP'[QBF/Z7-YD^+$PH6-3(/1CZAM)V9E_

6A[84&7.^*Y#=DV0@+)'I<V%HUM[:G

\W=2#P(T/\W5U&8=FS6OE#P3BTQ0MO__DPK:]OPP)%


MD 0]O11HR9IVS6C*F'@*J]03








)LPF]DCG9*JJD
MZO77
7

MG(S#-T


M-!]JXB7^E%Q!FP1S/VJAYGDW2
M^Y9+=3GH3@;2AI5A?H]EV([JGUO=)_-
MM*!4VTS+BY@X-


ME6[IU'1._MN#(-4)YPEQ+XDAFJ.:2;7TZ\(^HOY5F^2;MZ45W#OZKR?1\.YP
M.BSPSK

D/Z6EL$QO?B(A3?%-70[V7-1D


+-7D,PEVRMQC]__1F!N:=$#:<_H&HT7E6K50= ]?[''$.;-_G;G*]!
M2

M_#]_#U'RBCQR=Z@2SW6 D+;#3T7F:]8#EZ;@9CD5XS?\EN-S

MD_TD'OI!)J.A]MF:PD&[!$;-N48BZ8+(U)#+(@[]B?@$3[;OEP\WPCKN:Z



?#P<V@7




MV0XI^XQ1\]4S/#98*1O0N(R\$#2?SZ3:X^=L3


.3T[/SB\NKZY1_W)A %@8_U/^CUPD#UR8V-A8V+C_
M<F%@NO]K0(*-\X+[$:FX&JX9[!G3NP \,HFXG%^_\4$\ZD?DYLYC!!3,OLL


:


M=?/









MD#'#/4K*$X'ASS




M(

.O!&\F3QMW+JG-+2T^+W;Z*
MRI6]G7N.WU1@*Y][B.'HK('H;N&5O[U&-ZZ(?Q[X5+^7\A8?14_M[&]0M!.K

M7/;K*K3[CQ0U=+6%D

M S*#9:\TBH[R=FTY)V)S$/ADD[_H%CIK FZZ[UU')'EWG[M_KT+BO.5.@S\^




MEX?X[QNI+!1)J9/)V^5

1GA5OQ&&XI-/G9%3WE/*ME[V]0&#JO@




DFZF'65HY[#.H3S*Y

MTZ*CM#
U:2]9035I

M:]#ZNK^7HCIG9BKN[N8.+49[=EQ*!9R






.
MX99X?AB/8R6-K#MG7%9CLDX.T
 P)*%.#OEU_R.A*]_\+1CKGM0
#1@?WG9;

5IA+?6_DJ2?+O706A*E'1D
MHM/O9;H$H:

M[FOU9:Y=U#&?$D;

MEF??V7(C 

/)'('R1O7N'M)C-IJ

7KTTOWW6VCJ*[6YC!'=[\PZKJX
R9(Y
[N.@_:*R+%


<B'7S6 %S)G+].:%?LC3Z\F=\B2E7(0JEA/<<3K2-I#PGRS



POM69^
MALC
VS:X#*6


MI(]]$G&7X5;(O]O=)')*X;0&);=-D=_FU\ZH1G$!][/*FF#9@;CKR1_2\H.5






;

MVLD&?F\Q7H5UOY6DS\Z8I0W'BN%UN!6POL!PN F4@G]$V!/[Y1
A$_;WM:S^








MZ^Z4B[=)L5D(1[R?/C3KTU1B_#YODK/G%N';S%_$,ORRLWJ.&U3IE!1H?P

M_!8L*HIZ(R_'(M5CU7(+^:GJ6/?G_!$%GW9H!

MFPM?%G VU+]*5Z=)VPE\4]
W\/
 .WKM2!4K)C1N7\
6%:7J6F7KVDF+-X!G





WZ8GWQO 6K7E5MPR3F@DQ,2<0'LZ_$(E-FM@Y4
M^?QJBJ/#(5@@\O15/08C-S*U;P.DPPU13H*[?X_+T@U^6$9#Y_I727A]^Y&
M057?B0*%G_5B;1N^6;7?ES\!59V4OU G)WW;*[CPGK5%MZXFO&SUT7O:5PL]
U)-M'+*:]XH_ZN,8!_IP_AFAO4?MSKB?EP;.S4(1 Q$;
MNL<#!\YR%\RGT_P9MGR^4Y'A^EHD:J#^5JJI/FHH
R%H(3=?0.*M) R'0$&



MGRB75$/F#F:'F-:DT.%VS[AO8U 
9V
F4SW+0FJG#GZHCD^D*E/55K*[#J&C

M$&_?OL?+L=D4EG5$+MH66F:9)GZA2T]V'K


MW_)Q#%(L@U.?D0
O6? IL\57R@(^X_S:#2NUSI7+*
J%C]!7EK'Q60*& (]A
M:+0(D%:1IC^5$WQYX/CNN9.O5@@!IE3*7Z*].JQ57]]8L5J\*7W5O^T
65
MJIQ4Q/%WFE(CW_IY1H] V=@)\=+RJ?'*RG$TFW\K9*BM.K?VF#E%34P:D7(2

ME=E&Y3;^X84O_C0['
)AH

B*T_RF'SS2&H433.?



!P?*N2

'XU-TAC)C;

^)O

&PV/AYM3!%M2K%








MKIR1U:]TZG:H/_1LT


E<-W(D,Z3-$N\F-64J/_2S
M-!G=+B:)+]/10'CQ?BO%CIJQ[*N4Y/6/FQCIHN#%2O7<K%\!;\BU2OF=_(\
MC#*K?Z

C^L6:L&L?Q';1ER*;9\XT9C !I
NU\
M'#*U#XSHV?\!4$L#!!0    ( %2!5E)Z
E
Q&B8  +
F   )    :6UG
#4N
+N[@6*
M2_%%BI;%86]__WGDS?/BN?<D9R:9<Y*9S^0D.9D@%Y$;P L%&7D9  4%!3#]
M5P#D)L E[6-G#0#*R@ '  #8_VR\ .J_%NX_I?BG@*R[E94SS-;% TN %(



3G+Y$)B4G)*:EIZ1D%A47%):7?RLIKZ^H;&IN:6UI[



$(
=
M30GV4#&P.GS:7J8T9YYI@DC$3P3NARB8:ZKH5\DZ63NK$X$B 3'#7[+
:




MA@0&=*=2O]8O#RR&D$GLMBFSBGLEXSB;LWA,;\]+A'5REK31KG7
K2+/&7


M0C7[NJRZAN^*;L;FW:[4\ET[P?O4K=((^N3MY*JP:M %?^Y\2=R62AB#LZ;G


M[DHTZ:M


1#W;M


CO2UH=?$^8F]^W
M-.GU%;[FZ+]D7 SVT64MB1)CI_'_+I*QHW)*-9T3J2)[3K!K2'HWE?VM]\5X
MC>Q+GM.T+)=$+E$Q($Q+(9$X0@F-T9X[-E1O=CP6-P%;KKO>.OH=^\?U,!=
M?+&J%%]OB$=EXXT$#,IEF4[R!&!P-_#?MY,R$AR[/Y*@].QLT ^*8,%
M#$:5
L74[6F\SK^]#:&&Q0^!!DQF$2QM[1W-D2-;\MR-0Y0L9&!:MH

C16
M?G:5^U1QHM:LW&K43


M/71]KBPWAR;H\

CW''Q-H(G*-X*O6O87I8NK$]%D1+2-5/K




M0T38MELNNGW?4_8$1R[:)94DDP]S7(1+@R+.*7=[4F/(L:]U$D-8]/5=W&29



@8
;^VU$Z+Y[1%CLNCKR*[CBH[



I!]



(5=^TQ]DF_CWA1?0N*H/*!:_\^Q!?9?

QT?H12

M-)O[8VBT&]]PJ
+G*2IWR89OG2SU0CH&O:L#5V/^FDZB3L+9P_K^Y;ICI
M!)A%6Y_9LI+W:6T%07ZAG:?FEQ,&ATN*G^-G*AMR4 N:\*8 =:O'XJT)


VOVVS&.W;%3\NY^SS;]V
M@1VU_J/2RC5X^;7\?3=1

ML1_N)/Y+L3E2=0AUC ;SA4ZFWLT



\
SM)G['&*7S
MPXI&6U-;

M)+-PX8G

M*2(C:J)7#QBV#Z+^);^X=S-.Y/X4IO7')\@ER&AXA2Y:[$DTD\!G5GN(GBYL
M4P\W='Z'=](=+./U42\UMH63*TT3O [_

M$8Y93X+#T)LNQ?:VC.UQ:[L=.UR9C]NL8-ILF;N=6F+#YV2:+7S49;6KFYGD

X0[]HF4CUQ'0#OJB-%T=^J!(Q


LR
KLGH-U&B(&/.@L:SG51O5+5


9/TP#^%GJSIOI3?AC56\E$RK
P.3B;J_IF_Q_]^]Z<L*UIMG
E5BNF:K);
]&'D
L
%



&
]FT%%S


@9$'CDU-!O$/-9TC !-YOWTY35

IBU^]$+?O!N


CQH9'
_
D.]3#&TKBHC&-.@!J=N(KQN=_$[.FX]T
MX$N1;58JSVJ\)58#NQP9[F:MV9:IR=(W3;







M#LYW.94^8C!I:



;I@Q;<B79#5A2[-![H?N:V4+JM;2EPX
+ 96#X


MC@R^$/
ZF+_VOV!?X]8OIA2MZ?((


J&4^
DIQL4PXIB.:S&BYE5?
%:H



MC=J/9^Z*Y'8N=L
=*











;J/5\UGO7[WN;A!8P

MX'I(


MDFCTLDP]IXI]2C][V@88;K$Y

MI(1(=+GJCG$OHK;!+O?:_
7T&;Z&JT0 N0I_YT
JZ]6IZM!Q5:M)5FQU:ZOB



M!BTVA4;L&

7M(*
M'\.)^B2!)4.376%X;*]\/3:L/LKD$S7^L@&BI%$Y24I7VJJKU.WF=J9%P0








;7J'U$%3V=A3_'L

M[==+35.O;Y9@.*12#&
IUZM%*B
LL-^77;?H^DA@ ?V_3TOB8Q$*;KXY)J.J'P6U.?UL6Y'7V[7BI2WF





@ESZ7U!+ P04


LF9
M3/+*DS/O


M!14?$PL-FQ?F(@0GY A)S^$PD9+1D!(14K%2T#(Y 92$S)QL7&Q$G/!&3Z
M;Q


'!T
%@

M


C
[-S\PN+2\LK

SV5$I?+*CAX$
1H^HG

)5O?7QSZN=MP.S9H?5

0VI3'A\S
M

P39IO+1-6R\BEZ&Q1$HN0Y


MD$EY

M5+USN@+G+-





MH;TP!;S05X/Y)9\R:
WPDT-H09G5-_ H3


/98X34GS&;_C191YU?:WXD+B2(UF\EAY)
M*6?



MMQY7AR(E-(QH3U'A+B8J*3VA@//SFRK%6/7JK!6]



M66G

8] ,.W++8_=5;J#IUQR9<
MFNCJU0D@NCE_B ALZX@MIIJ%*6:KCK[6=!8 N)9$ @W)PD_#]S(+'H(E9X[




M2UT:*VLY\YY



/MQ

M?U.O9UUD2J




1+IN]Y&CTO





MPV8N(&Y/5-4(4B'P.[2(9=PD




M.QU$8AF/(K-VQ




M\T^SX4&=E-B4RRGP$BI11LFP-5A/]_)O^/9E!C'!3S;C^:VZ)HVN^%-8*6U2

MB$^A;A@E?3Y5()N*E%?+G7VHCCW4M&G
 )M0S)3/
C/D1@#^TX[?)X
UG4.W



MVH3

QCKS2%;5*K,'!)WA:J43GZ1']/V;QT(#62)8L;A4?W#
L??8'-_

9^@DB8_





1;5)*:F-X!O;+^N;H]^+\3IX<
MEF12]ZES$(

MQ5!W)Y%X:@H.V;Q




1B<SPX4TML2]!;)'#<[8$8:LBQ=#(_4?)G-T@78;L?I0?4K;-_KE=VHI=
MU-&CAJ
:?P\1_O[BF%/2Q\ZC*\Y
V;K6;]/ZZO%E(K0DFD#K$[#J-%5Q5#
MG90'=6SG?M



5E2WJ\39IPXOV 827)

M7K\I:

MJG0-R-!J
79V]HK;*$=0'*8

M5NY)6C4UOZ%_]

M[6B







M




&M%?3K
7\K921Q\57RD@5CWW$V4'O


M%D

S$SNTX/+E&6HH9:\XLC?VF-1]_G9_:D

MS;+CV:TXK^OM3U,HM_F*EE DTR7M;.N-ID

]^WP+2S26VP1QJX@.[8O


M7)






1?[G' S#L\34.)0]U80!^LVU@=$D1-&B5J3

MC



MI_T5;S;+6+*U@-+-($G@Y
AF8! AVLUVAP4IOM!UB_52D:Y;K?1GJN3KGG
'

)O4BUZ6IFL7QWM+2T!@P*801C(9YQ YV.UCJGZ



M!\(U#V^5V
^7/O$B;5$Z?XUKR
/6A^Z/A!9+U)!4)/F%
CG_S'G&+:\=9EEL

!AWC:3K4'6&4
^Z&C-F#60QZ\O#QZ'3C]YYVOV:KA0ENB-XH)CHH
M!D09@J7J9K;FQ7$F2630K/@!&%UJ S97ATSVL=+ZS-.H4(B37T45\##O[<]
M(
T:'Q+GWUD?9NQ-AV0K5+I%:KGT-&ZXY__\CBM=8LB-J/GYSWO(E2[? 6^2


M_

[D[^
)O0&^P

MF' ;YQDU^Y
UUXNT^8I'20W<M3B7O?ST*/Q +
M8B^8?0 :SI_=BXUDI(:Q6XVXS\V4K

5S&
MW^IDG.*Q$Y1U.5Z:6V5VH %C#VO U[R4M2&I
@E7@6
))OF\UZEC+VX'66GJ

M+OM& =J4)$#&I:&K8(SU:
L-801J5)Z2+S0A^3:$.W=.0_3/E2E\'#EC3Q
M1GON/8..@
T%VRI/)S


C $%\*278C%0J5*Z+/=@?)$QN63&7%S5_Y
IZP.


!A
O[[:$*$^-V'U+


T!=I'^EW
S_U3Y-3G2Y11]7%W2;!9D29'^KC4?1=])NF


VLW+
M


NNK3:L[ S+*RMJF?/]D+[J/YEP)+ Y#[1SU3"[XT^!6M\5G
MBE12^6'[8$F]\7X0V*V5#CJA#R/8+8&L5^SM 9;ZJPL7H9-GLRN 





MW-]6 $FX**]&LP3HFZJ


;;0#$K9-%;V[-5G4?+9
O5XQ9H]35L[



MJGU*+

52:-M=;HM-M
M4XONQ=5$-3KI


MI%$F)0_SS]/U'W+[I;IW&-;MLF+*.&#ZY_8)Z?(=X X_K26T,7+/G0CR/]P
MD.T57DO2(-*L4(@R-X(QZK]7S*O)V,BVG@7ZF0O_ W1#LB(C ^OSU@GWR#FX
MJ^SB ]&']^R@9&'Z@@0J%.I;X@(1+




M





MS8O8Q8E#2WF6Q-O:F'^%!6EG;2Q3;4M^S5Q&8H/H]X=8F



E%];D*/^!-6N)AQ/
M@


QA2+
&9
06O0


U


M//%#$LMTCW6.C-K9G])2]2(@&*NT-#IPTN?=\K@!Z@P70FQEC460O*HC\S
MEQ%*)!



MD%W)DG

M$'H/P;\+P/AX1,0$A&3D)+=N@G 4 %X('Q\/ )\0D(@ANOWXT?(* FI.$0

BHU#Q






MOSHKH]

M'_K@/EWH\KI/OR*MRR;*BN*%_B?N@VXM(=SMXI*!!JLYXL+E?.:19_G#KS
MUNUKB+S



Y%=LMD5]=[+Y:%X*56+TVQ_X!K85:(


MV('B\0;:$LM:VDU%+QA#!H*M
 _O;+-_$TL
M6ZZP/ 7(-O#_:M(J




M39GBE]+^F$7L^P04IL]0(R'7TDAN-VO-@VA]_8U=!88N((2M]8
SPV
2AGO#


-;4:ZV14YN^^
MA95*R


EFE8Q
0PP^-0II9SP=3


$5



1G
M2:2UY

P[-3G9+)F][2VYISI\Y
'LN1;\
%*RECD.1




MS.]E2Z'
MG3=UCR :_;815W=0K(G3](I_N-1U47$-=(62]Q&?W;SH?F0Q)H:=O
?-PPKB
M(83&+!6K?-)*5_S




SSJB#+


?&O1]

M
7;8PR_GJZX!9)J.![TJ'0KS _ZNL(XO8^-K'7B2AWBWB$J^H//HRF]?I:*;
M7_&\R2OJQQ+[[IW3$2C?4]JRJ(:DY +[04HQWBS/Q8?+* :I8FM1TQR*37]-


U-4I?EM@O!^70



M6
(Y\2O

(

M
][%O4DTT73S&^P*;Q[V'.\H;4$P):VU)*12J1W7J/FGS6GS+$L++1(=H[
^]9+\((8W3)DS[ ,Q10WY1R;Y1T'<'?54'];KP,9


#9

MYX.S:[=\42_;]V^+O@.X1

MFXF6
;I6 I.OK)E/^89QB&3D 5M:@ I?#;=9:YO+*MYQ*.(9(NZC/.UX )


M91)DY/Y8VHL.(]GOVFL1'NKQRTG=K;8A: E)T'T/
LLR^B%U'LHV



'2V#_ TL?\EIEQ)WI%W'J




.#1DA.D^+V7S8I2KLC .9/WP)$^DRQJ$]FP6-.J1R





M70/A[BT


MTU@\V[X[@

MP+ZG%B$,!R=:DO/65P]?1E2XB,[Y_8K(K++B7K9T,T%2B2RX,^++V+5*)5W
MO(?=AOM.'AU(0X?C5'CP[8[!9X$M..DI'V[BZ++A-104N:-[N2_.4..]AZV


M!ON
(F4V[?5QE'?+[NDUUK\UA HHIU'N3]1S )8#)7'2SZA%TP&JA#8$TM

M#D4PSQ+75X4W]J:
U154K#++5B\^
FII^M]9H]$F\(&E1$,O@ D6GV7KF8

M$(CN!IW69#2C@P]S]KBK-._H,8;$:HUC&EO4P%P\.8_B*L.BRS161WZW#D

AF7WN6%GE=&
M.Z2F


%RVCWU**[AS71/IP
M6AO(*



M)$\XYW




89'QU3%?

FF6A4;SI@FQ$3*D;0^

J&E)H








M/=]3FDD+!5H=DNOQ_P%02P
$%     @ 5(%64NWH$ \ITP  I]8   D   !I

MP77PP27HX

#]M\8'0/\WP_\WJ/X-@(*K

M*TX:AK._^UX^@T@QD431*?'0&,H!.C81C/?4Z $ -RT_PG _QUHZ!B8
M6-@XN'CXS_XEP%X T-$P,- Q,;P
#'_K?K_6P=@$F.1
/+)8+_4_(S#Y/**

:#L!SEY!44E

M?R\NKZY1-[?_X4(#8*#]/_'_B8OX'RYT3$P



MV+=-E8BN



MC

)-Y\'9$WYG5)3H2S$/K;-QLNYM]+#^##
MC


(=OTQ!HUS#)L^:0F9ZFT:83E4
.7@/R3GU
IR26(ZJ!TS MF
;NL@E=H.SQY[S033VCZ<)T27JK_(NR&&^#*Y&3.
OR[6'6OQ?FH'
R=8.6

M4^\5A

.KT+#

?^29JY9Y^ L6ND( J_K_-[.=XNYOZ#M
&X
M(/5X##/N^QJXKXA.K51Q?0JQX^Q:K'_5$%H0=H\Q+W'^J[7SN=C*-V(U#?
M8/.HO3UD=@IM=Q=-F 'E?4WP[R];F#%;&8VLQP-WNZ(*OZCC=P.[:]WW*POE


MD-*]OL[+3=OT!MG/[H+9D ]

MBILWC6\=?Y'U2YZ18RS_[0
UEB\'#.%H/E0N=#6(];MT/@&@ZH]SS-303-JS
M&Z'!U\55WKODZZM%-QYFB'KO'B4ZS2-=#W9]KV&J:7GOO\[TFM-@;$^E4M


M.PMBQQBR\9&/?#AVVC'9



M1&S]R8O*Q7)=(ZYBF;XGAW@ZOAJG+OZN.$:9Z?2/UWP+W86&[S]P=A TV32
M823RJG@(F29G+F .!D8?KP3$72+Z4X
GCVA7MIB5:K;H[ZZ]W'&8ZFW[R@S9



MWZ73J
DE3JQI+.#5WA-=%)ZG #6F@;7X6+#!43[ZS.._1XF6/]C+2(^M$W
RN.U7K'#4^/+_=D,Y:SF0&B45M1RHH1<WLA CF/X
M=8ZG%R=TK90RO?J PDS*#/Y/ X\)M<?7.$5;0PB

]G*.L+T
U*

Z;XJ)MH*H!:L
2Q*2@@-O@F;'Q#6:NHT;;6



MZ*Y&SFRT@..L:YKI743?^;Y+3CTHZM*
R#Z#&Z@0(40@5LR:S6Z)1Z'9?_K=



MR1E9


++/4_2#F#N-MS

&F&)I5H_ZA



M!

M).]T/2/O98J'-U!&ZATA*MYOH- 3.HZH;U$*:!U6#/'?LR'&8S]M]'XJ3QX[











4^V:I#&V3)5+VL^$MZTW)_ 5/DB0D8^[30
Q!

M2E6O..7;L#WPG7NSL*A;S[&



M66Z\(I02O=+S(GLC


1JFNYM2S7;?I[M(^X6MQ!^9^(!W499NC:9HWDH'[VW%@[A\YNX.Y

?&V+%EMMF49Q.*H3-I? H
BC;4LS\L_\*U

4UW%V0T


M?-UA2R_IXV
==!];)BY

MI1@.8O-01G?O13.LPP[0F;5#UMHPH*I'F].\F?9V^='3#DZPA6PEM^8O&YHA
MCEW4F;GKYV U/[9M'%^E_




MB
]*3-W:/CE0NZ!(*&KK5!3@UU-
.7#/9=U^/ XLE/0VZ/&*!X'?4.D?0&V\

M:@M])I

KF^?7K=(+-[H2ZY8TR?W@]C*D01?62M^(YG'J

S#^4$L:4!

OU23K


M3;9PN'0A@KGI/
)Y)]T373R$7Q)

T3'/B7 7PX[CZU%R_+I54JMWI



MQ%&\]^+\AH-.+!/+2[7FBBR4SXEPG@!S.@[:?3Y]\TF[5V/]TVQNNE/A%JAX


\[I%6?0U)DOX$+08ZG][]IA
MQ2'O$U.]5ZPYO]GZ4V(-!1Q7F$Q6:9J5FN0@)T]=Q_S*
_CE[V_I.$FO*FV

M:&'0\:Q)RA@M;W&#(H'F[7X(2'6SS
BV!=:?[5:HL@*2_:I1#=8N
?)VK;#C
M99''1!\HRT\2S[@T9*]N3X+%\R$#4B#T$7ZR 8B*5#TRLD2\FE#/ES'Q):15







M-3DBO?+UV[=)KFB66I#J3SXQEW!CW=WH=1


;XO!W_UJ[]68
ME90DXYDFPN+/MC3B5FUWVUL[FKT

V]E9AV&N!;\=R


O: ] 840Z!M])!3#U_H:9&K=&]
M4B#G:?)C?

















MBF.Z.*[NWJ/UZZ[@/NKL:]P3G*5

#?U




7@%9IE7)

M2T
_?'K4$325G/LDL[.:Q7XP1F!ME]@GF#KH+$#]LNW.\H[JXA0;A=
MQ?#5

M__



=N'K93+)HP+ZUX8WK?U8SQ_6R[/#1%

M@I



^

?Y1


+1Y

F_EYJH=RN

*CR[B37[ZZM1S/








IQS1QE]YPN$ZWK@)7W4SS?B+(&'TFCRL

$KW2@D.Q_^I:\

G.4B;[KLG .X?


M*IP@\@DE-$U&ZKAC#\*%FN4.KJ'S-&9[8]J7\?G671HK[




21F9_G
B925&F4ZY3\!&$W80BNH-6$-

_HJ.Y&R_
M$^'$6] =D1NG
#R$$L5_A9;EB1$DL-A\EQ-!TCX3N#!AWXE

K9\$@^97$
BF:2F*_

ML


F0TEU
C'


O

MR!'V)K!HO5]']Z%_+U:)7]O+L4BB*VZWL3]$

+Z7K*4%*0F[BI3@L\/K8*:%GUISZNWB@P#8
W5*/3Y,V!?KS/J(#
-CF9)RV'.HHDUR0
MLV88/


W&MKNU'
@7QN8
GM_2'?W
%R^JO
J5JN%Q?E&

M_ME



%TV=\.LF+/Q:
M(



*73#X]T


MG*C/7[*WBR



7);?DD=\$7)Z
M=@ </4(:T0I%@UX.4HOA\!<R3U\W Y7VW:
**95SD5?V0O5#-Z[SC+
O&P
M5AQW#!.TYR35V#^@\0$D'89$Z'2.@+W@IX $V HJHZU?MKNU*8^&$!RY#!4
MJ:Y(

&&&& ?M)1OZE(\M%!TQ





:HVM,;Z*A-1D6GU_


_$

 G'6]7POVU[7EHQ;/]0B9Z3F;MIU
YH\3

Q#\T-B5_$-$C




6^FSV

R\NY)P#4Y#$1)\1]



V*7X,]]6:OULZHAODXE<V[E_7#+,M'O;E\TN_TA7
M())V=L6^(\Q;FFW7ZRUK6=_WOPHX;DWR1QKXS!@5V.77WK$')%/KC-V?RUIT
MB)VXF+09XH1G'$/S&Q=$-49?2D0Y@WJ)*:KW @(%_*5CM(7!OCSD6T<#!

M!XC5[

O#R[#$L





T8[L&[XU_L6N!Q



_P[T,OX9I/P'BJ?XP/ %T%6JJ#!RM/Z/ /RW4
MC^_&#\!U$_54WVGBR<=

R

6INMX5*]*XVN
WOA&-GHZB!?B-CPKHL(8_/ZH+
MQE4^


/+?(RD_F_ (I =;_P[;WV

UA1H8F

^



_B/Q!=ZF9X+A;&!F4+:Q DH


V[27%VSQ[P



M:MIL5A8V\
$$


^=WK65?\ C*XUG5)Y=&MQIUG&H0KAS@9RS%N
MY]J]=TC0M/O?AUHVH0[+K4I'4R;Y3%]J8$EXLX(' /09XZUM&GCK.TUK_78R




MR
31DXR

?.M(I6^\W=E)[=*F\
ZY/J7

M
&B



[*6B?6;4])M+J[UL)+.$:3R[5Y5C
HWKN;(Y(Q

S\
./NG\OI5^^$%Y=:!<6VEW

2)2JX
M^4%2,_F:J: ,:2?43./UKK.8^R+;_CTA_P!Q?Y5+45M_QZ0_[B_RJ6F 5R7Q
M../A[J&._EC_ ,?%=;7)?$X;O -Z/]N+_P!#6@#YHUY/].L%_P!B7_T&N\\!
MWKV/@N[$,X225#'M'WE!D8;Q],UQGB+_B9:< .L4_\ Z#6]X4TRZU733I]M


9_#




TSI4-Q;A/LC026A(2(SY+ _
-Q#$YZ\D]SV)K&\7^


M)]3LO GA1%DM/
*3
8E@8(9L\EV!(YYY!XS7(W'Q:U.WO$^T6-I-;$J6
18



M7Y02



ML0:GN?%_BF+P_P*KB]N[:YN('=K2,Q*J)'%+MD*L,;B!CY3SQGV/+:SK7B7
M6O6F/XI\L/(9)X0@490XVG X'!KNA%IHP:UN9FE(1JG/&;)3]?G-;]O'F(_


XX7G.-O\ C7<:EJ!\


=[ A

+S%*OB7J.E26^F6UI'LMIY

MM9F9GGCB+A]RD
0
BN_#8NG\#O=G-B\13K2CR-_
XF\+(@8=

H:KXGFD
MO]6NHV6W.^%$(\F/T0!N.W4\DTZ WUKIMM%:VLD
P8M.0R;6X&
#MW_.FZK)

KG ZHI@NUCC$95




O\A&!



V%1\[EYXKQ:[0FVF]K!3_XX*]=\2+'-IEQ!

J\HR:Y6;
M%@@^S6_?]R#_ ..UG:XO_$SMQ_T[/_



P:]:-)
M,LVB31&+^-[H[







M7-VLYE184MX(V&W^(DMT/TK ++--
4+;5^9
M


RDO'*&) 7;C[QY)Z\XP/7?;5;)KI+@:#8HZ#:%5
MI=F

=3C=


S9( /
MMBN?B\:74!8KS10
  

N
M..OMG/'V$VEZ=++)#H5FS2!N)'D(7=G)4;N,YZU<LM:MM.YM-%L5.[<YDD(
M/L68X^E3[:FOA?X


MNQHU@)QGY]K9Y_'GH

$TDRQ/N$H2
M7*N!CA6&/0CI[YIVK6%SIK:(LPBF234D14B=@3B-VY8CC[N
U27QU?(OR6EJ




M]=)9+FU)QU4_UKB7%YIN.^D+S_VWDKHK%#]@R?[K?UKV%N8,Y'2$*V.G,!R
MUO(1CZN*UOA'?KJ/CJVT^_5KVW$3R&=V*HR 
& SU!%5-/C*Z-HS#^*SD/_


M\(M/&7B#4+Y='U&_)DW;PENI(Z!@
[LCIZ5[;IA_L_PO9+XBB6XU4Q;I(S



MP]J\F\ -KXTGQ'/X;N_L\]OY$DV

HR.#T.1@\5S83%RQ$YNUHJUN_4

YSGCV/I5N/Q-9PN([Q'5@

YB6&55+N


'./7WZUZWXI^?0]


X@?2)K)H?-1I 'S


?A:^AMH;W[49 Y=C 0$((P/ESSS^E:'A/PYJOBKPU-K$
M
T=M''*8TCDB.9






M!5X_(CXP


:
MH]C-;*D%I-BU4#[1;K*5Y)XW#BJ%MJ-YITEQ);$0QW1+21
*Y:U9*7*U<ZJ=-
MN/
G8\)M/%'B2.#-D

M\ 9ZXXZ5['J

MFH&O).6CD?--M-'!$8TAMY

M*]O\7?8?L5K#]DA99KJ

M6C*.J(5)IZ

DK:?:M*';K;J2!D^WI



ML






V<U


M
^



M\9P








M#$=B.




?

9(BS4FAF&/2/#S73E(5






2Z;%)M


+-

'J#TY[\5Z
=0M)/W
LDF N]
ME:
:W)XZ;<5Z.7SGR/FWOT


M.-Q'4U7UR'Q!#
EHBW
#C)=TG.3\P'0=

M+P1ZG:(;@+@ZC ;'_ NU:^DV^KV-FUOH32PVV\EH[.4! QZYG&:[\/C)PI





IH2I5I\RWL;XK%

QU\J/\

 
*RB-77;G 903US@=_:O
]%O-#L)](O]3NA]L@9E\G
OWEX(R?KUKQZ2V\#V5JTNFWKK(CQ3+;OJR$NL@.-W3H*Z_4_%



M:.-)XVU*(QC//#=2

MD9E?&.



LR# +)8H79/G25F
@4*!@J
M







;0


M6:7@ABR

RG+=/EP-H7VYZXJQX(UA[J^:P^T1LBQNXB\X2-G?][@].V.G6L*;P

MI1;E)*[^YCJ1II-Z7]3I]4U+2[;5V6]BM&DB5$#RD;AQ^G7I7.^(O$MA:Z7*
OJ:SJ<T9M<SW_ )?^ *G&$HJ_YE?0?%MM

A/\_G




M^OIM1W36C+$L3!%!+
QW$[5&!P*MZUHVDZ?



V47:NT'[IYY.




M2
^G&


MRQRQQ*+TD2.-J*/+?YB#T'M79:]K%]921Q:?=1F5P\F/+5Q*1%'CD@X!8CGC


M<4*L*2M31Z#PTJ[OL=

Z

_(=K=L[




M4ZJRJ5S+D%R.H0]#^E8^TA?




?RK)U;JZ6

JC
M_PN:\HLG_T)OM





PZ;IPED


M 3[C'YUS4$2Q/9R7D
UI83.%2X\MF$C


M/ [9 ^F37F






OC#P3;E=KR7;S

M-7:WOYH5E.#







G'_ISNQ_Y-6_/AS2=;BMIM;0RQ11.J1[RH
M)+GK@Y^E<^-=)46ZNWD*%)U6H(I+XQT\H'=98T)P&? !_6MVUO3[JS-Q%=P

\(Z/(OEZ
M


MSCG.

M4M7



M6UT_E-
H^[ESMVYR

J0 I/


=/4X/L::P6$[/[R73:L


B;320)
M(6


M_P#
UPL$F;RR&?NZ:H_\BO78Z(__ !*0/9_ZUZBW-GL86G/_ 
2701GIID__
M *'+6OX4\+ZK=:'IUUIU_&B3V^XQNI&.3QGFLSPFL%S=^'8;O:8!92APYPN

(BWHF=M#%QI4522T1B?
M$'4;3)QE4!S!N_670 )%BX!PL:W)=%@FMP)T!P=Y= @&+0_ 0++B[Z[*X







MCU




)AG:Y/R1K.C+Z +
M







?5R$:
ESKY
M\[UOAD&#R






W=E!@D]W


_ERNBE!4?$[Y&O.$9X#_? -G Y
=#IA6W:MF7':=745:0
-[9UYY



MT

VA]57;W07U__R;

8SKOVCJ
MUK%ZRI#^#W#!8H$(WN;9^IF91ZJM0!N#7-R


YZ


J#^
&)A; V7LE9\57NUZ
.&M-%@VV



M G\W7!GX_32;&X_PL?O3&&UW';TYE:([8=V#Y;HD(?K5)42BD@67V#OJ!(^]






$!POQ??4[ 7AS!UF-%;D

+3RG^Z49XZ*X!RO




MW1PVE0E4IBOJRUC+B
&PS9?GH]
LQX996:B)7'%M$[[KXUU5Y9M$9X
%#!;+
M= ]T)W0+I.



MP6']!YF^*[Z@C1BOJLT'4K;Z_8\A(AC

9VCHVP.W(JO/69VP4YT_00=_49J
M



8^3$II\&T+7N8JG.=+._\8RE5YE#HP5ZZ_

ML7_J#.(:C

M7]1-+#6DDQJ!GO^R*

M



8QL
M7&S160W^^._R([ ?\*((H1A9ZT]:!S


KBF0T@%3S8&YGH=]'2[#?$\Y_OJD0_G4+\89?E)

MAKF6A*$Z,N$ )T2QD+0;?I.J06;X98XB#OA3]2'/J6[HW$)1009**0K3%'
M6I9U

L@G@%6


YFC)R^U0)E.KE9

MM[31$([U;M^WK
83ZR:A&2M9)@

CS:='\


5 ^%V?_U)=C]#N
MI!7AHDIUPZA&[2K;YW2BKZG.FLP4\O%]5




?Z]OL)=50Y.;1$18 O55 *_1/[+*.'Z8^A ^+;9K'5
]=F<S_VM#1&%0)TI^HGU/L(0NR


U]^WRW23/QK.7]
M%&


M99E.[6QGJ;!QPC
4)B:



M% 446E8Y'6R_V*RL8:S:.+3
(9E;;^YMO=HVH+ND3F'A4:\B)Y\@4-&\^[PK



FS30?K
M(_ =HN!^[

?0TF\*.&='=&=&^)


M 'X_&WB&Z*D[F_E=)HH*/

H8/X

MAA$*9LUD$R/PLBB%Q2F%O;V8 UQP$*3?\F:$L-WK)6AJV_([18P0P)'D
(:S

M?_3.=4)4


9[G?N&C9




-:)(*AP:.5Q*V'[_/ \PS@

M?Y*'B%UZH&B;K3ZB#NN\ 1


MEE6EM^H/*@$J@P^R/LY_F)K9MX\G)(DIZS0OUZALM!N#+-H0&!%F87286)X]




*;_;_C%==!.*Z 2/-62]*\=.7GH0\C).?D9L6HQD






M? K@]^F/T90:#



M/332&7AXQ-5 &*7LAI_0M(0H.C.DXLMQH]/L A&-+=C
79/DJ[)/'HOURQMB
M*_7/@+@/H
.


ML=-.
1*9KM48?%










D=GU= 9IO0U
M FS7H&/H6T)X8JY62Z6U$VV*5=/.3.^%K^ _SYX5E]E
GK*<[G.Y@ZN\4FS^ZTA-E

MZ/:MFTWP$DK855N






M=PT=J3*;YQ5R

VFX7[[MNB8:X'98-]VA


M4+9\I/.)X!F@E'D7%3ZMF@$JOBPZ4&X]87L&3/ _F978OPSXA&PLR/$/C1N=




M$
M.$S4PK



M4:H\K

MF#1#
O

Z)\

AB6?;A9PXS^C0)OR*%Z0^,*B$(
MX2Q_U6\V17)5RD.6U'A9CF= YE(65M8]KHEJ7=4HHXG14GOTTEQJ'77ZU.<

M7F!@









M*QUH.N\DZWN9N$S;ZF.WC3+

MX+?3ZJT11S%-(SWN-X=+-1SK\WEZP?8J*/^2Z#YJW(L





M4
Z/&&'AAKP_41\6I_MSO
[([\]449L<6]XTNWOT2Z56UIVON]4:85M^NY?YXC/Z




]UL
5E(.:-PN]S9EXP&7$/FQN6N2@XKS_8
2



&@E\<MC!!=ZE&A@ZX

M

^4O[!HZSS.P(7 :(;:[Z13.;*B[F;W/0VP^U4* /D=+<





[!G.
]I0 ^M^#AA(8)_P&+
MMF+\WV44-&K]F8R/EO0C\Y523#/WGWWO6N


#

MB_X![V[Z1-Q U2:JK--@-O




112?W.YD1KV=K&)/^0%-I*F0NC G



 =[1JI2)NP%2N-\+L
M1U$26K'N=YJX0U94G9WU&L4CU#[\4 ]3I@#PR4?T6^7*K?I/-3;)E1)AW#R3
MN&D8--3#K;?UAP9^O TAM._P./IC!;4^+^I


/YG@YHGG&@*


??M
V A[\DL6 SH;/P5HF+W
M9U+4RNJW3;0%
'D!JWRLDSD8@^EQQG!#CVAJ)^S'A_6WQ5E?LIY2Y);+?S(:
MK6F7LVC$:HWPN8LP-@ )GHA4TI#Z6GO/@
91Z59KZ?!Q^AOG$.X/X*$-]/KCW]/H9
9N<_ R8ZIIX!
MG:#;THN :B^\I^1WH=.@(8U_J[N3^@NIV8M%@!2?,.4GYM*0-M$(A0$2[D5H
MOO(^Z7/Z8FL<FXAHQF$ :10^*VOJI9J'!BG!(L_UOK+D_RE=!$\%@-QQE=
M6)NCVX0$*3J)UV=B$[/73?\BN2?@+M[PA&5@O(D3PS(_4^E0GH L3%]65P%

Y7-$E&-48&'PN*G00WQ+
^BC=%D=O^IT*Z0M3WZ_?C.2^MAKU




M7_^VV@Z_

ES!LQ-(['G9QY<^L!I9P
MWWA;KLDVSS@R66

MY!@O/@57::HI#\1$7U/C#O/ER&:

MQRDU
%E!4#@

M




^7



1SA6G*CK4JJ1'V$N0W







MB#W/PZJ? !@^ _.O!7?3!ZUV!LW$^6)+7V-)4'YRW9Z


H8=H@I 7M[O9BJ_+3+MSCY==U@(2L;




$79VW&H

:4$X
M57@[]AN.]
^+EEGT[O!.2^G9
:62IX-L_J-OU--@H%




5&DX-F


B6)GT11!NMU(98HP'!C

M-



'LEYI.3RG(Z;G4XR;UT:4;+3*\_#M$S


2.6O8
M$C*[Z0N
 3T[$:9X5J+)38TGBQ% Z0PUY]W*'Y+H
M#".(K4M./@?W68KY\,*L/34 08A#[I CFPTW@A[S6'RA0@W)'8[IQ9E$)0
MSI






F*%]T&?*P!%8HG96IB=T$J8UQ[3I8_
5&P0BA1N.9&2/OL
M1VV 0W;755?ITG*R4MAXY#ZMY0@_0?)U(9YE\G/%&(DJ4=*VPA UR&$07J$
M:U#P9(]_XVX,H:A41-X6U47F$ J+ ,7T3TH]TL:5G(N]XB!CB RLF**ZF&R

MTO=51=GBSW[




ML
UZ9O[\'^FSPA)IY8[SAGDZ\;!WNQ'RNCXTZG$]MIJV@I0V7]]'+-'C$4?8

KP8@%
FLU4:]_IB/HY
=**S))_6&K 5Y)@Z!
XBKJC_L4EFUFMM
MYL%53-F+W-9.%AH ]B'I






Z:N!GFYPRIM[TLJ S
MY_0F_7(&K%?^MSLB=
63[


:[12PR9&6T
M@VB'_6(^.D*N:WZ*


LX.CSJ5'#T[1VQW1W

MAI4!$_M 5?K -8P/F%ZLG09U!C?*Y*?53&_5DF&) ?#ITA 0MY?^V7IQ_WP#
M& 


%L5Z@$/




M9T7&&VT7MP4Y\4;0_X

C$T
#
N
M:'1M4$L! A0#%     @ 5(%64H.C/6[6!@  AB(   T              ( !

30P-YH=&U02P$% 

C$T
#8N:'1M
M4$L! A0#%     @ 5(%64OMW[XO $0  TU$   T              ( !AH
M &5X7S(R-SDX,RYH=&U02P$% 



M7S(R-SDX-BYH=&U02P$% ,4     !4@592R)&&H4%W  %M0  !P
M        @ $420  9C T+FIP9U!+ 0(4 Q0    ( %2!5E+ !O^CPP  (T-

QR=MY6

#(P
3(S



C R
#$R
S%?;&%B+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( %2!5E(I^\3'#UH

C Q
C
Q7W!R92YX;6Q0

M9G)P=#(P
C Q
C
Q8E\Q

M_R    D              ( !(@\$ &EM9S Q+FIP9U!+ 0(4 Q0    ( %2!

M% 

M
#
N:G!G4$L! A0#%     @ 5(%64GHR4S$:)@  LR8   D



M  @ 5(%64NWH$ \ITP  I]8   D              ( !K^$$ &EM9S X+FIP
79U!+!08     &  8 (T%  #_M 4    !
end



