

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-15-002285
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20141231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20150331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20150331
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Freshpet
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001611647
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GRAIN MILL PRODUCTS [2040]
		IRS NUMBER:				201884894
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36729
		FILM NUMBER:		15740173
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 PLAZA DRIVE
 1ST FLOOR
		CITY:			SECAUCUS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07094
		BUSINESS PHONE:		201-520-4000
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 PLAZA DRIVE
 1ST FLOOR
		CITY:			SECAUCUS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07094
















 D.C. 20549 





 2014 



































 1st Floor

 New Jersey
















 including area code) 

















 $0.001 par value per share









 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Yes&#160;&#160;


 and (2)&#160;has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Yes&#160;&#160;

 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Yes&#160;&#160;

 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#8217;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;10-K.&#160;&#160;

 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company.&#160;See the definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer&#8221; and &#8220;smaller reporting company&#8221; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
















































 2014
 the last business day of the registrant&#8217;s most recently completed third fiscal quarter
 there was no established public trading market for the registrant&#8217;s equity securities. The registrant&#8217;s common stock
 par value $0.001
 began trading on the NASDAQ Global Market on November&#160;7
 2014.

 2015
 33
470
732 shares of common stock of the registrant were outstanding. 



 as amended
 for the 2015 annual meeting of stockholders of the registrant are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Proxy Statement or an amended report on Form 10-K will be filed within 120 days of the registrant&#8217;s year ended December&#160;31
 2014. 








 Inc. 













































































































Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

















































































































Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance



































Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence









































Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules

























 results of operations
 plans
 objectives
 future performance and business. You can identify forward-looking statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. These statements may include words such as &#8220;aim
&#8221; &#8220;anticipate
&#8221; &#8220;believe
&#8221; &#8220;estimate
&#8221; &#8220;expect
&#8221; &#8220;forecast
&#8221; &#8220;outlook
&#8221; &#8220;potential
&#8221; &#8220;project
&#8221; &#8220;projection
&#8221; &#8220;plan
&#8221; &#8220;intend
&#8221; &#8220;seek
&#8221; &#8220;may
&#8221; &#8220;could
&#8221; &#8220;would
&#8221; &#8220;will
&#8221; &#8220;should
&#8221; &#8220;can
&#8221; &#8220;can have
&#8221; &#8220;likely
&#8221; the negatives thereof and other words and terms of similar meaning in connection with any discussion of the timing or nature of future operating or financial performance or other events. They appear in a number of places throughout this report and include statements regarding our intentions
 beliefs or current expectations concerning
 among other things
 our results of operations
 financial condition
 liquidity
 prospects
 growth
 strategies and the industry in which we operate. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those that we expected
 including: 






























































the impact of government regulation
 scrutiny
 warning and public perception; 













adverse weather conditions
 natural disasters
 pestilences and other natural conditions affecting our operations; 




















other factors discussed under the headings &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221;
 &#8220;Business&#8221;
 and &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#8221; in this report.

 we caution that it is very difficult to predict the impact of known factors
 and it is impossible for us to anticipate all factors that could affect our actual results. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations
 or cautionary statements
 are disclosed under &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; and &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#8221; in this report. All forward-looking statements are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. You should evaluate all forward-looking statements made in this report in the context of these risks and uncertainties.












 providing us with broad demographic appeal and allowing us to penetrate multiple classes of retail including grocery
 mass
 club
 pet specialty and natural. We have successfully expanded our network of Freshpet Fridges within leading blue-chip retail chains including Albertsons
 BJ&#8217;s
 Kroger
 Petco
 PetSmart
 Publix
 Safeway
 Target
 Wal-Mart and Whole Foods. The strength of our business model extends to our customers
 who we believe find that Freshpet grows their pet category sales
 drives higher traffic
 increases shopper frequency and delivers category leading margins. As of December 31
 2014
 Freshpet Fridges were located in over 13
300 stores
 and we believe there is an opportunity to install a Freshpet Fridge in at least 35
000 stores across North America.



 which had 2014 retail sales of over $22.5 billion and has grown at an average compounded annual growth rate of over 3% from 2007 to 2014
 according to Euromonitor. According to the American Pet Products Association
 or APPA
 U.S. pet food spending is expected to continue to increase at a similar rate over the next 5 years. Of the total market
 dog food
 cat food
 and treats &amp; mixers accounted for retail sales of $12.1 billion
 $6.8 billion
 and $3.5 billion
 respectively. The U.S. represented $20.8 billion or over 92% of North American dog and cat food sales. The pet food market has historically been resilient as consumers continue to spend on their pets even during economic downturns. Within the pet food market
 premium and/or natural brands are gaining market share
 according to Packaged Facts. According to a report from Packaged Facts
 from 2008 to 2012
 natural pet food in the United States grew at a compounded annual growth rate of 18% and is expected to grow at an annual rate of 17% for 2012 to 2017.



 &nbsp;&nbsp; There are currently over 84.6 million pet-owning households in the United States
 according to the APPA. The percentage of U.S. households with dogs or cats (or both) has increased from 47.8% in 2006 to 52.3% in 2014. More U.S. households today have pets than have children
 which we believe to be a result of demographic shifts and changing attitudes towards pets. 

. &nbsp;&nbsp; According to Packaged Facts
 83% of U.S. pet owners view their pets as members of the family. As pets are increasingly viewed as companions
 friends
 and family members
pet owners are being transformed into &#8220;pet parents&#8221; who spare no expense for their loved ones
 driving premiumization across pet categories. This trend is reflected in food purchasing decisions. Nearly 80% of U.S. pet owners are as concerned about the quality of their pet&#8217;s food as they are about their own
 according to Market researcher Mintel.
 &nbsp;&nbsp; Consumers are increasingly purchasing fresh
 natural
 and organic food products. According to Euromonitor
 from 2002 to 2014
 the U.S. natural and organic food market grew at a compound annual growth rate of over 9%
 compared to the overall U.S. food market&#8217;s growth rate of 2.8%. We believe consumers are seeking simple
 fresh and easy to understand food products from brands they trust and made with ingredients that are transparently sourced. 


 resulting in high repeat purchasing behavior. As a result
 we believe that as consumers try fresh
 refrigerated pet food
 they are likely to become repeat users of the product.


 conventional pet food sold as dry kibble or in wet cans has not changed substantially for decades. We believe that the pet food industry has not kept pace with how consumers think about food for their families
 including their pets. As a result
 consumers are 



 less processed food for their dogs and cats&#8212;meals that measure up to today&#8217;s sensibilities of what actually constitutes &#8220;good food.&#8221; Freshpet was specifically designed to address this growing need with affordable offerings accessible to the average consumer. 


 fresh food to our dogs and cats. And
 we are committed to doing so in ways that are good for Pets
 People and Planet. 


 healthy food that we do. We cook our fresh
 nutritious pet food with the same care that we would take in preparing human food. Through the Freshpet Foundation
 we support nutritional research in areas of prevention
 care and treatment of diseases in dogs. Since founding Freshpet
 we have donated over two million fresh meals to pets via shelters
 charitable organizations and humane societies. Our team members get paid time off to pursue activities that help pets in their community. We also participate in Random Acts of Kindness to do our part to improve the lives of pets and pet parents. 


 our partners and pet parents. We treat our team members with respect and are committed to helping them develop professionally and personally. We try to be good partners with customers
 distributors and suppliers by conducting business with honesty and transparency. Additionally
 we strive to help pet owners by providing pet parenting resources. 



 motivate our team members and attract strong partners
 which allows us to fulfill our mission of delivering the best nutritional product choices to improve the well-being of our pets
 enrich pet parents&#8217; lives and contribute to communities. Freshpet&#8212;Pets
 People
 Planet.


 cat food and dog and cat treats. All Freshpet products are made according to our nutritional philosophy of fresh
 meat-based nutrition and minimal processing. Our proprietary recipes include real
 fresh meat and varying combinations of vitamin-rich vegetables
 leafy greens and anti-oxidant rich fruits
 without the use of preservatives
 additives or artificial ingredients. Our unique product attributes appeal to diverse consumer needs across multiple classes of retail where Freshpet is sold. Consequently
 our brand resonates across a broad cross-section of pet parent demographics. 

 with ingredients
 packaging and labeling customized by class of retail. Our products are available in multiple forms
 including slice and serve rolls
 bagged meals and tubs. 





 which accounted for 12% of total net sales in 2014. 


 refrigerated pet food distributed across North America
 product innovation is core to our strategy. We take a fresh approach to pet food and are not constrained by conventional pet food products
 attributes and production capabilities. We employ a tightly-knit
 creative team of marketing and research and development professionals
 and we consult with outside experts through our Nutrition Council
 which includes leading microbiologists and veterinary nutritionists. Our team often identifies pet parents&#8217; needs by evaluating emerging demand trends in both pet food and human food. Our fully equipped research and development facility located near the Freshpet Kitchens tests small batches of new recipes and tries out new cooking techniques. New products are refined iteratively with the help of consumer panel data to arrive at products that we believe can be commercially successful. 

 refrigerated slice and serve rolls
 and over time have steadily expanded into successful new product forms including bags
 tubs and treats. We also introduced new recipes and ingredients
 such as proteins and grain-free options
 never before seen in pet food that cater to the specific dietary requirements of pets. 

 new product introductions since 2011 represented 37% of our net sales. We have a strong innovation pipeline
 including entirely new product platforms
 which expand the breadth of our fresh offerings. We expect that new product introductions will continue to meaningfully drive growth going forward. 

 All of our products are manufactured in the United States. We own and operate what we believe to be the only fresh
 refrigerated pet food manufacturing facility in North America
 the Freshpet Kitchens at Bethlehem
 Pennsylvania. This 58
000 square foot facility completed in 2013 was built to human grade food standards and houses two production lines customized to produce fresh
 refrigerated food. In 2014
 over 95% of our product volume was manufactured by us. For manufacture of some low volume products
 we strategically partner with a select group of contract manufacturers that operate human food manufacturing facilities.
 Our products are made with natural and fresh ingredients including meat
 vegetables
 fruits
 whole grains
 vitamins and minerals. We use high quality food grade plastic packaging materials. Over 70% of our ingredients are sourced locally from within a 175 mile radius of the Freshpet Kitchens
 97% are from North America and none are sourced from China. We maintain rigorous standards for ingredient quality and safety. By volume
 our largest input
 antibiotic-free fresh chicken
 represents approximately 50% of total ingredients. In order to retain operating flexibility and negotiating leverage
 we do not enter into exclusivity agreements or long term commitments with any of our suppliers. All of our suppliers are well-established companies that have the scale to support our growth. For every ingredient
 we either use multiple suppliers or have identified alternative sources of supply that meet our quality and safety standards. 
 Outbound transportation from our facility is handled through a partnership with a leading human food manufacturer
 which also warehouses and delivers our refrigerated products to grocery retail accounts across North America. This partnership is governed by a written agreement pursuant to which our products are stored and shipped on a cost-plus basis. As a result
 as our volumes grow
 we expect to be able to leverage our distribution costs. We use national and regional distributors to cover the mass
 pet specialty and natural retail classes. Our agreements with other distributors are based on regional mutual exclusivity within each region for the fresh refrigerated pet category. 


 consistency and safety from ingredient sourcing to finished product. Our company-owned manufacturing facility allows us to exercise significant control over production. Our quality assurance team includes nine professionals with significant experience in pet and human food production. 



 calibrate instruments
 record data and perform corrective actions. Our on-site laboratory has microbial and composition testing capabilities. Quality control approvals are based on a positive release strategy
 wherein a batch can only be shipped when it passes control point record reviews and laboratory testing. At the end of each working day
 a third shift consisting of a cleaning crew sanitizes all equipment that is in contact with food material. Before commencing production the next day
 quality assurance professionals swab equipment to test for potential contaminants. 

 which is the highest standard determined under the Global Food Safety Initiative Benchmarks. We believe our systems and standards for product quality and safety can support our growth and ensure continued success in the market. 


 generating the vast majority of our sales in the United States. The strength of our business model makes us an attractive partner for leading blue-chip retailers
 who we believe find that Freshpet grows the sales of their pet category
 drives higher traffic
 increases shopper frequency and delivers category-leading margins. Our Freshpet Fridge locations have been consistently increasing as we add new retail accounts and add stores in existing accounts. We are in over 13
300 stores and believe there is opportunity for us to install a Freshpet Fridge in at least 35
000 stores in North America. We sell our products through the following classes of retail: grocery
 mass
 club
 pet specialty and natural. 

 our largest distributor by net sales
 McLane Company
 Inc.
 which sells to three of our customers
 including Wal-Mart and Target
 accounted for 22% of our net sales. No other distributor or customer accounted for more than 10% of our net sales in 2014. 


 the Freshpet Fridges. Our Freshpet Fridges are typically four feet wide by seven feet high
 and replace standard shelving in the pet aisle or an end-cap of a retail store. Our Freshpet Fridge designs are constantly evolving with all new models featuring prominent edge-lit LED headers
 LED interior lighting
 crisp black interiors
 and frameless glass swing doors for aesthetics and easy access. We use state-of-the-art refrigeration technology and environmentally friendly refrigerants to minimize energy consumption and environmental impact. 

 produce
 install and maintain the Freshpet Fridge through a combination of in-house resources and world-class partners. We source our Freshpet Fridges from three leading global commercial refrigerator manufacturers with whom we have a collaborative approach to refrigerator design and innovation. Once ordered by us
 Freshpet Fridges are shipped to distribution centers for delivery and installation in retail stores. 

 and at any given time less than 1% of the network is out of service for maintenance. Moreover
 to ensure quality
 cleanliness and appropriate in-stock levels
 we employ brokerage partners to conduct a physical audit of the Freshpet Fridge network on an ongoing basis
 with photographic results of every Freshpet Fridge in the network transmitted back to Freshpet and reviewed by members of our sales team. 

 calculated by comparing our total current costs for a refrigerator (including installation and maintenance) to our current margin on net revenues. We believe our attractive value proposition to retailers and pet parents will allow us to continue penetrating store locations of existing and new customers. The Freshpet Fridge provides a highly-visible merchandising platform
 allows us to control how our brand is presented to consumers at point-of-sale and represents a significant point of differentiation from other pet food competitors. 


 digital and public relations to reach consumers through multiple touch points and increase product trials. 



300 branded Freshpet Fridges in prominent locations within blue-chip retailers helps to introduce consumers to our brand and instantly distinguish Freshpet from traditionally merchandised pet food. Since 2011
 we have effectively used national TV advertising to drive incremental consumers to try Freshpet products. We expect to realize greater benefits from national TV advertising as we continue to grow the network of Freshpet store locations nationwide. More recently
 we have expanded our online presence to better target consumers seeking information on healthy pet food. We reach consumers across multiple digital and social media platforms including websites
 blogs and online reviews
 as well as with tailored messaging on popular digital hubs including Facebook
 Twitter and YouTube. Our public relations strategy includes event marketing and the use of our Freshpet truck to create buzz among pet parents at high pet traffic areas. 



 Nestl&#233; and Big Heart Pet Brands (part of The J.M. Smucker Company). We also compete with specialty and natural pet food manufacturers such as Colgate-Palmolive
 Blue Buffalo and Merrick. In addition
 we compete with many regional niche brands in individual geographic markets. 

 with limited shelf space and a significant number of competing products
 competitors actively support their brands through marketing
 advertising
 promotional spending and discounting. 

 ingredients
 brand awareness and loyalty
 product variety
 product packaging and design
 reputation
 price
 advertising
 promotion and nutritional claims. We believe that we compete effectively with respect to each of these factors. Moreover
 our fresh
 refrigerated product offering and secured shelf space in the form of the Freshpet Fridge offer significant advantages against competitors. 


 2014
 we had 162 employees all of whom are located in the United States. None of our employees is represented by a labor union or by any collective bargaining arrangements with respect to his or her employment with us. We believe that our employee relations are good.


 1st Floor
 Secaucus
 New Jersey 07094. Our telephone number is (201) 520-4000.


 annual proxy statement and related proxy card will be made available on our website at the same time they are mailed to stockholders. Our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 periodic reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports that we file or furnish pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are available through our website
 free of charge
 as soon as reasonably practicable after they have been electronically filed or furnished to the SEC. Our website also provides access to reports filed by our directors
 executive officers and certain significant shareholders pursuant to Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. In addition
 our Corporate Governance Guidelines
 General Code of Ethics
 Code of Ethics for Executive Officers and Principal Accounting Personnel and charters for the committees of our board of directors are available on our website as well as other shareholder communications. The information contained in or that can be accessed through our website does not constitute a part of
 and is not incorporated by reference into
 this report. The SEC also maintains a website
 www.sec.gov
 which contains reports
 proxy and information statements and other information that we file electronically with the SEC.


 or for which applications are pending
 with the United States 



 among others
 Freshpet
 Vital
 Nature&#8217;s Fresh
 Roasted Meals
 Freshpet Dog Joy Treats and Dognation. 

 Fridges and manufacturing operations. 

 recipes and formulations
 continuing innovation and other trade secrets to develop and maintain our competitive position. 


 distributors
 and ingredients and packaging suppliers
 we are subject to extensive laws and regulations in the United States by federal
 state and local government authorities. In the United States
 the federal agencies governing the manufacture
 distribution and advertising of our products include
 among others
 the FTC
 the FDA
 the USDA
 the United States Environmental Protection Agency and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration. Under various statutes
 these agencies
 among other things
 prescribe the requirements and establish the standards for quality and safety and regulate our marketing and advertising to consumers. Certain of these agencies
 in certain circumstances
 must not only approve our products
 but also review the manufacturing processes and facilities used to produce these products before they can be marketed in the United States. We are also subject to the laws of Canada
 including the Canadian Food Inspection Agency
 as well as provincial and local regulations. 

 laws governing advertising
 privacy laws
 safety regulations and other laws
 including consumer protection regulations that regulate retailers or govern the promotion and sale of merchandise. Our operations
 and those of our distributors and suppliers
 are subject to various laws and regulations relating to environmental protection and worker health and safety matters. We monitor changes in these laws and believe that we are in material compliance with applicable laws. 


 customer service
 accounts payable
 accounts receivable
 purchasing
 asset management and manufacturing. Our order management process is automated via Electronic Data Interchange with virtually all our customers
 which feeds orders directly to our ERP platform. From time to time
 we enhance and complement the system with additional software. We are currently expanding our ERP system with a Warehouse Management System which will allow us to improve tracking and management of ingredients
 streamline manufacturing and provide the ability to ship direct to customers. We expect the system to be operational during the first half of 2015. 





 you should carefully consider the risks described below and the other information contained in this prospectus
 including our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. If any of the following risks actually occurs
 our business
 financial condition
 results of operations or cash flows could be materially adversely affected. In any such case
 the trading price of our common stock could decline
 and you could lose all or part of your investment. 



 in large part
 on our ability to implement our growth strategy of expanding distribution by installing new Freshpet Fridges
 attracting new consumers to our brand and launching new products. Our ability to increase awareness
 consumer trial and adoption of our products
 and to implement this growth strategy depends
 among other things
 on our ability to: 


































continue to compete effectively in multiple classes of retail
 including grocery
 mass
 club
 pet specialty and natural; and 








 financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected if we fail to implement our growth strategy or if we invest resources in a growth strategy that ultimately proves unsuccessful. 

 and we may not be able to generate sufficient cash flow or raise capital on acceptable terms to meet our needs. 

 we expect to rely on our cash flow from operations
 the proceeds from our initial public offering
 our credit facilities
 and other third-party financing. Third-party financing in the future may not
 however
 be available on terms favorable to us
 or at all. Our ability to obtain additional funding will be subject to various factors
 including general market conditions
 our operating performance
 the market&#8217;s perception of our growth potential
 lender sentiment and our ability to incur additional debt in compliance with other contractual restrictions
 such as financial covenants under our debt documents. 

 our ability to make payments on and to refinance our indebtedness and to fund planned expenditures for our growth plans will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. If our business does not achieve the levels of profitability or generate the amount of cash that we anticipate or if we expand faster than anticipated
 we may need to seek additional debt or equity financing to operate and expand our business. 

 expected cash flow from operations and planned borrowing capacity are adequate to fund debt service requirements
 operating lease obligations
 capital expenditures and working capital obligations for the foreseeable future. However
 our ability to continue to meet these requirements and obligations will depend on
 among other things
 our ability to achieve anticipated levels of revenue and cash flow from operations and our ability to manage costs and working capital successfully. Additionally
 our cash flow generation ability is subject to general economic
 financial
 competitive
 legislative and regulatory factors and other factors that are beyond our control. We cannot assure you that our business will generate cash flow from operations in an amount sufficient to enable us to fund our liquidity needs. Further
 our capital requirements may vary materially from those currently planned if
 for example
 our revenues do not reach expected levels or we have to incur unforeseen capital expenditures and make investments to maintain our competitive position. If this is the case
 we may seek alternative financing
 such as selling additional debt or equity securities
 and we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so on favorable terms
 if at all. Moreover
 if we issue new debt securities
 the debt holders would have rights senior to common stockholders to make claims on our assets
 and the terms of any debt could restrict our operations
 including our ability to pay dividends on our common stock. If we issue additional equity or convertible debt securities
 existing stockholders may experience dilution
 and such new securities could have rights senior to those of our common stock. These factors may make the timing
 amount
 terms and conditions 



 financial condition and results of operations. 


 including Richard Thompson
 our Chief Executive Officer. These members of senior management have been primarily responsible for determining the strategic direction of our business and for executing our growth strategy and are integral to our brand and culture
 and the reputation we enjoy with suppliers
 contract manufacturers
 distributors
 customers and consumers. The loss of the services of any of these employees could have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects
 as we may not be able to find suitable individuals to replace them on a timely basis
 if at all. In addition
 any such departure could be viewed in a negative light by investors and analysts
 which may cause the price of our common stock to decline. 

 we may suffer adverse public relations
 need to recall our products and experience product liability claims. 

 including voluntary recalls or withdrawals
 and adverse public relations if our products are alleged to cause injury or illness or if we are alleged to have mislabeled or misbranded our products or otherwise violated governmental regulations. We may also voluntarily recall or withdraw products that we consider below our standards
 whether for taste
 appearance or otherwise
 in order to protect our brand reputation. Consumer or customer concerns (whether justified or not) regarding the safety of our products could adversely affect our business. A product recall or withdrawal could result in substantial and unexpected expenditures
 destruction of product inventory
 and lost sales due to the unavailability of the product for a period of time
 which could reduce profitability and cash flow. In addition
 a product recall or withdrawal may require significant management attention. Product recalls
 product liability claims (even if unmerited or unsuccessful)
 or any other events that cause consumers to no longer associate our brands with high quality and safe products may also result in adverse publicity
 hurt the value of our brands
 lead to a decline in consumer confidence in and demand for our products
 and lead to increased scrutiny by federal and state regulatory agencies of our operations
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 

 our insurance may not be adequate to cover all liabilities we may incur in connection with product liability claims. For example
 punitive damages are generally not covered by insurance. In addition
 we may not be able to continue to maintain our existing insurance
 obtain comparable insurance at a reasonable cost
 if at all
 or secure additional coverage (which may result in future product liability claims being uninsured). A product liability judgment against us or our agreement to settle a product liability claim could also result in substantial and unexpected expenditures
 which would reduce profitability and cash flow. In addition
 even if product liability claims against us are not successful or are not fully pursued
 these claims could be costly and time-consuming and may require management to spend time defending the claims rather than operating our business. 

 certain actions by a significant customer or financial difficulties of a significant customer could adversely affect our results of operations. 

 ten customers
 who purchase either directly from us or through third party distributors
 collectively accounted for more than 68% of our net sales. Wal-Mart and Target (which purchase through a distributor) are the only customers who accounted for more than 10% of our net sales during 2014. These percentages may increase if there is consolidation among retailers or if mass merchandisers grow disproportionately to their competition. We expect that a significant portion of our revenues will continue to be derived from a small number of customers; however
 these customers may not continue to purchase our products in the same quantities as they have in the past. Our customers are generally not contractually obligated to purchase from us. Changes in our customers&#8217; strategies
 including a reduction in the number of brands they carry
 shipping strategies
 a shift of shelf space to or increased emphasis on private label products (including &#8220;store brands&#8221;)
 a reduction in shelf space for pet food items or a reduction in the space allocated for our Freshpet Fridges may adversely affect our sales. Requirements that may be imposed on us by our customers
 such as sustainability
 inventory management or product specification requirements
 may have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Additionally
 especially during economic downturns
 our customers may face financial difficulties
 bankruptcy or other business disruptions that may impact their operations and their purchases from us and may affect their ability to pay us for products purchased from us. Customers may grow their inventory in anticipation of a price increase
 or in anticipation of
 or during
 our promotional events
 which typically provide for reduced prices during a specified time or other customer or consumer 



 our sales and results of operations could be adversely impacted in that period. If our sales of products to one or more of our significant customers are reduced
 this reduction could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 

 in part
 on the sufficiency and effectiveness of our marketing and trade spending programs. 

 due to the highly competitive nature of the businesses in which we compete
 we must execute effective and efficient marketing investments and trade spending programs with respect to our businesses overall to sustain our competitive position in our markets. Marketing investments may be costly. Additionally
 we may
 from time to time
 change our marketing and trade spending strategies
 including the timing
 amount or nature of television advertising and related promotional programs. The sufficiency and effectiveness of our marketing and trade spending practices is important to our ability to retain or improve our market share or margins. If our marketing and trade spending programs are not successful or if we fail to implement sufficient and effective marketing and trade spending programs
 our business
 financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 


 manufacture
 marketing and distribution of pet food products. If consumer demand for our products decreased
 our business would suffer. Sales of pet food products are subject to evolving consumer preferences and changing demographics. A significant shift in consumer demand away from our products or a decline in pet ownership could reduce our sales or the prestige of our brand
 which would harm our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 

 the technical capability of our product development staff in developing and testing product prototypes
 including complying with governmental regulations
 and the success of our management and sales team in introducing and marketing new products. Failure to develop and market new products that appeal to consumers could negatively impact our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 

 the development and introduction of new products requires substantial research
 development and marketing expenditures
 which we may be unable to recoup if the new products do not gain widespread market acceptance. Efforts to accelerate our innovation may exacerbate risks associated with innovation. If we are unsuccessful in meeting our objectives with respect to new or improved products
 our business
 financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. 

 financial condition
 and results of operations. 

 Pennsylvania
 which we believe is North America&#8217;s only fresh
 refrigerated pet food manufacturing facility. Accordingly
 we have limited available manufacturing capacity to meet our quality standards. An unforeseen event
 such as a natural disaster or work stoppage
 at our Freshpet Kitchens could significantly limit our manufacturing capacity. 

 which may cause our estimates to be inaccurate
 affecting our ability to obtain adequate manufacturing capacity. Our current plans to meet expected production needs rely in large part on the successful expansion of our Freshpet Kitchens. Any substantial delay may hinder our ability to produce all of the product needed to meet orders and achieve financial performance. 

 we may not be able to increase our own manufacturing capacity to
 or obtain contract manufacturing capacity at
 a level that meets demand for our products
 which could prevent us from meeting increased customer demand and harm our business. However
 if we overestimate our demand and overbuild our capacity
 we may have significantly underutilized assets
 and we may experience reduced margins. If we do not accurately align our manufacturing capabilities with demand
 it could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 



 scrutiny
 warnings and public perception could increase our costs of production and increase legal and regulatory expenses. 

 processing
 labeling
 packaging
 storing and distributing pet products are activities subject to extensive federal
 state and local regulation
 as well as foreign regulation. In the United States
 these aspects of our operations are regulated by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (&#8220;FDA&#8221;)
 and various state and local public health and agricultural agencies. The FDA Food Safety Modernization Act provides direct recall authority to the FDA and includes a number of other provisions designed to enhance food safety
 including increased inspections by the FDA of domestic and foreign food facilities and increased review of food products imported into the United States. In addition
 many states have adopted the Association of American Feed Control Officials&#8217; model pet food regulations or variations thereof
 which generally regulate the information manufacturers provide about pet food. Complying with government regulation can be costly or may otherwise adversely affect our business. Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could subject us to civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions
 recalls or seizures
 as well as potential criminal sanctions
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 

 both in the United States and elsewhere. Issues such as national security or health and safety
 which slow or otherwise restrict imports or exports
 could adversely affect our business. In addition
 the modification of existing laws or regulations or the introduction of new laws or regulations could require us to make material expenditures or otherwise adversely affect the way that we have historically operated our business. 


 including consumer class actions
 alleging that our product claims are deceptive. Regardless of their merit
 these claims can require significant time and expense to investigate and defend. Whether or not a false marketing claim is successful
 such assertions could have an adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations
 and the negative publicity surrounding them could harm our reputation and brand image. 

 natural disasters
 pestilences and other natural conditions can disrupt our operations
 which can adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 

 among others
 meat
 vegetables
 fruits
 carrageenans
 whole grains
 vitamins and minerals) are vulnerable to adverse weather conditions and natural disasters
 such as floods
 droughts
 frosts
 fires
 earthquakes
 tornadoes and pestilences. Adverse weather conditions may be impacted by climate change and other factors. Adverse weather conditions and natural disasters can reduce crop size and crop quality
 which in turn could reduce our supply of ingredients
 lower recoveries of usable ingredients
 increase the prices of our ingredients
 increase our transportation costs or increase our cost of storing ingredients if harvests are accelerated and processing capacity is unavailable. Additionally
 the growth of crops
 as well as the manufacture and processing of our products
 requires significant amounts of water. Drought or other causes of a reduction of water in aquifers may affect availability of water
 which in turn may adversely affect our results of operations. Competing manufacturers may be affected differently by weather conditions and natural disasters depending on the location of their supplies or operations. If our supply of ingredients is reduced
 we may not be able to find enough supplemental supply sources on favorable terms
 if at all
 which could impact our ability to supply product to our customers and adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations. Increased costs for ingredients or other inputs could also adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations as described in &#8220;&#8212;The inputs
 commodities
 and ingredients that we require are subject to price increases and shortages that could adversely affect our results of operations.&#8221; 

 adverse weather conditions
 natural disasters or other natural conditions affecting our operating activities or major facilities could cause an interruption or delay in our production or delivery schedules and loss of inventory and/or data or render us unable to accept and fulfill customer orders in a timely manner
 or at all. If our operations are damaged by a fire
 flood or other disaster
 for example
 we may be subject to supply or delivery interruptions
 destruction of our facilities and products or other business disruptions
 which could adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 

 our business could suffer. 

 increasing awareness of our brand
 creating and maintaining brand loyalty and increasing the availability of our products. 



 our brand value could diminish significantly due to a number of factors
 including consumer perception that we have acted in an irresponsible manner
 adverse publicity about our products (whether or not valid)
 our failure to maintain the quality of our products
 product contamination
 the failure of our products to deliver consistently positive consumer experiences
 or the products becoming unavailable to consumers. The growing use of social and digital media by consumers increases the speed and extent that information and opinions can be shared. Negative posts or comments about us or our brands or products on social or digital media could damage our brands and reputation. If we fail to maintain the favorable perception of our brands
 our business
 financial condition and results of operations could be negatively impacted. 

 our results of operations could be adversely affected. 

 with competition based primarily upon brand recognition and loyalty
 product packaging
 quality and innovation
 taste
 nutrition
 breadth of product line
 price and convenience. We compete with a significant number of companies of varying sizes
 including divisions or subsidiaries of larger companies. We face strong competition from competitors&#8217; products that are sometimes sold at lower prices. Price gaps between our products and our competitors&#8217; products may result in market share erosion and harm our business. A number of our competitors have broader product lines
 substantially greater financial and other resources and/or lower fixed costs than we have. Our competitors may succeed in developing new or enhanced products
 including fresh
 refrigerated pet food
 that are more attractive to customers or consumers than our products. These competitors may also prove to be more successful in marketing and selling their products or may be better able to increase prices to reflect cost pressures. We may not compete successfully with these other companies or maintain or grow the distribution of our products. We cannot predict the pricing or promotional activities of our competitors or whether they will have a negative effect on us. Many of our competitors engage in aggressive pricing and promotional activities. There are competitive pressures and other factors which could cause our products to lose market share or decline in sales or result in significant price or margin erosion
 which would have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 

 our business
 financial condition and results of operations may suffer. 

 known as Freshpet Fridges. If the operating capacity of our Freshpet Fridges is harmed by external factors
 such as adverse weather or energy supply
 or internal factors
 such as faulty manufacturing or insufficient maintenance
 our products contained in those fridges may be damaged and need to be discarded. In addition
 if our Freshpet Fridges fail to operate as intended
 for any reason
 the reputation of our Freshpet Fridges with customers and the reputation of our brand with consumers may decline. In such event
 customers may choose to discontinue
 or not to expand
 their use of Freshpet Fridges and our products and consumers may choose to forgo purchasing our products. Additionally
 growing concern about the environmental impact of refrigerators could likewise harm the reputation of our Freshpet Fridges with customers and our brand with consumers. Any such harm to the operating capacity or reputation of our Freshpet Fridges could adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 

 our business
 financial conditions and results of operations may be harmed. 

 copyright
 trade secret
 patent and other intellectual property laws
 as well as nondisclosure and confidentiality agreements and other methods
 to protect our intellectual property rights as well as the intellectual property of third parties with respect to which we are subject to non-use and non-disclosure obligations. We may need to engage in litigation or similar activities to enforce our intellectual property rights
 to protect our trade secrets or to determine the validity and scope of proprietary rights of others. Any such litigation could require us to expend significant resources and divert the efforts and attention of our management and other personnel from our business operations. The steps we take to prevent misappropriation
 infringement or other violation of our intellectual property or the intellectual property of others may not be successful. In addition
 effective patent
 copyright
 trademark and trade secret protection may be unavailable or limited for some of our trademarks and patents in some foreign countries. Failure to protect our intellectual property could harm our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 

 and we have registered or applied to register many of these trademarks. We cannot assure you that our trademark applications will be approved. Third parties may also oppose our trademark applications
 or otherwise challenge our use of the trademarks. In the event that our trademarks are successfully challenged
 we could be forced to rebrand our products
 which could result in the loss of brand recognition 



 we cannot assure you that competitors will not infringe our trademarks
 or that we will have adequate resources to enforce our trademarks. 

 ingredients sourcing
 cooking techniques
 packaging
 transportation and delivery. It is possible that others will independently develop the same or similar know-how or otherwise obtain access to our proprietary knowhow. To protect our trade secrets and other proprietary know-how
 we require employees
 consultants
 advisors and collaborators to enter into confidentiality agreements. We cannot assure you that these agreements will provide meaningful protection in the event of any unauthorized use
 misappropriation or disclosure of our trade secrets
 know-how or other proprietary information. If we are unable to maintain the proprietary nature of our recipes
 methods and other know-how
 we could be materially adversely affected. 


 our profitability and growth depend significantly on our efforts to control our operating costs. Because many of our costs
 such as energy and logistics costs
 packaging costs and ingredient
 commodity and raw product costs
 are affected by factors outside or substantially outside our control
 we generally must seek to control or reduce costs through operating efficiency or other initiatives. If we are not able to identify and complete initiatives designed to control or reduce costs and increase operating efficiency on time or within budget
 our results of operations could be adversely impacted. In addition
 if the cost savings initiatives we have implemented to date
 or any future cost-savings initiatives
 do not generate expected cost savings
 our business
 financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

 commodities
 and ingredients that we require are subject to price increases and shortages that could adversely affect our results of operations. 

 commodities
 and ingredients that we use include meat
 vegetables
 fruits
 carrageenans
 whole grains
 vitamins
 minerals
 packaging and energy (including wind power). Prices for these and other items we use may be volatile
 and we may experience shortages in these items due to factors beyond our control
 such as commodity market fluctuations
 availability of supply
 increased demand (whether for the item we require or for other items
 which in turn impacts the item we require)
 weather conditions
 natural disasters
 currency fluctuations
 governmental regulations (including import restrictions)
 agricultural programs or issues
 energy programs
 labor strikes and the financial health of our suppliers. Input
 commodity
 and ingredient price increases or shortages may result in higher costs or interrupt our production schedules
 each of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Production delays could lead to reduced sales volumes and profitability as well as loss of market share. Higher costs could adversely impact our earnings. For example
 fuel prices affect our transportation costs for both ingredients and finished product. If we are not able to implement our productivity initiatives or increase our product prices to offset price increases of our inputs
 commodities
 and ingredients
 as a result of consumer sensitivity to pricing or otherwise
 or if sales volumes decline due to price increases
 our results of operations could be adversely affected. Our competitors may be better able than we are to implement productivity initiatives or effect price increases or to otherwise pass along cost increases to their customers. Moreover
 if we increase our prices in response to increased costs
 we may need to increase marketing spending
 including trade promotion spending
 in order to retain our market share. Such increased marketing spending may significantly offset the benefits
 if any
 of any price increase and negatively impact our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 

 alleged to be contaminated or are otherwise rumored to have adverse effects
 our results of operations could be adversely affected. 

 for any reason
 we may need to find alternate ingredients for our products
 delay production of our products
 or discard or otherwise dispose of our products
 which could adversely affect our results of operations. Additionally
 if this occurs after the affected product has been distributed
 we may need to withdraw or recall the affected product and we may experience adverse publicity or product liability claims. In either case
 our business
 financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

 financial condition and results of operations. 

 such as bovine spongiform encephalopathy
 or &#8220;mad cow disease.&#8221; As a result of extensive 



 the cost of alternative sources of the protein-based ingredients we use in our products
 such as soybeans
 pork meat and bone meal
 has from time to time increased significantly and may increase again in the future if additional cases of mad cow disease are found. 

 such as foot-and-mouth disease or highly pathogenic avian influenza
 also known as &#8220;bird flu
&#8221; impacts the availability of the protein-based ingredients we use in our products
 we may be required to locate alternative sources for protein based ingredients. Those sources may not be available to sustain our sales volumes
 may be more costly and may affect the quality and nutritional value of our products. If outbreaks of mad cow disease
 foot-and-mouth disease
 bird flu or any other animal disease or the regulation or publicity resulting therefrom impacts the cost of the protein-based ingredients we use in our products
 or the cost of the alternative protein-based ingredients necessary for our products as compared to our current costs
 we may be required to increase the selling price of our products to avoid margin deterioration. However
 we may not be able to charge higher prices for our products without negatively impacting future sales volumes. 


 from time to time
 a co-packer may experience financial difficulties
 bankruptcy or other business disruptions
 which could disrupt our supply of finished goods or require that we incur additional expense by providing financial accommodations to the co-packer or taking other steps to seek to minimize or avoid supply disruption
 such as establishing a new co-packing arrangement with another provider. During an economic downturn
 our co-packers may be more susceptible to experiencing such financial difficulties
 bankruptcies or other business disruptions. A new co-packing arrangement may not be available on terms as favorable to us as the existing co-packing arrangement
 if at all. 

 including inventory levels
 our business
 financial condition and results of operation may be adversely affected. 

 co-packer
 third-party distributor or transportation provider to deliver or perform for us in a timely or cost-effective manner could cause our operating costs to increase and our profit margins to decrease. We must continuously monitor our inventory and product mix against forecasted demand or risk having inadequate supplies to meet consumer demand as well as having too much inventory on hand that may reach its expiration date and become unsaleable. If we are unable to manage our supply chain effectively and ensure that our products are available to meet consumer demand
 our operating costs could increase and our profit margins could decrease. 


 shipment tracking and freight dispatch services. Our use of transportation services for shipments is subject to risks
 including increases in fuel prices
 which would increase our shipping costs
 and employee strikes and inclement weather
 which may impact the ability of providers to provide delivery services that adequately meet our shipping needs
 including keeping our products adequately refrigerated during shipment. Any such change could cause us to incur costs and expend resources. Moreover
 in the future we may not be able to obtain terms as favorable as those we receive from the third-party transportation providers that we currently use
 which in turn would increase our costs and thereby adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 

 our results of operations may be adversely affected. 

 including competition
 our competitors&#8217; pricing and marketing
 aggregate industry supply
 category limitations
 market demand and economic conditions
 including inflationary pressures. During challenging economic times
 our ability to increase the prices of our products may be particularly constrained. Additionally
 customers may pressure us to rescind price increases that we have announced or already implemented (either through a change in list price or increased 



 our results of operations could be adversely affected. Furthermore
 price increases generally result in volume losses
 as consumers purchase fewer units. If such losses (also referred to as the elasticity impact) are greater than expected or if we lose distribution due to a price increase (which may result from a customer response or otherwise)
 our business
 financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 


 personnel
 technological and other difficulties that increase our expenses or delay our ability to become profitable in such countries. This may have an adverse effect on our business. 

 train and retain employees
 we may not be able to grow or successfully operate our business. 

 train and retain a sufficient number of employees who understand and appreciate our culture and are able to represent our brand effectively and establish credibility with our business partners and consumers. If we are unable to hire and retain employees capable of meeting our business needs and expectations
 our business and brand image may be impaired. Any failure to meet our staffing needs or any material increase in turnover rates of our employees may adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 


 our employees may elect to be represented by labor unions in the future. If a significant number of our employees were to become unionized and collective bargaining agreement terms were significantly different from our current compensation arrangements
 it could adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations. In addition
 a labor dispute involving some or all of our employees may harm our reputation
 disrupt our operations and reduce our revenues
 and resolution of disputes may increase our costs. 

 we may be subject to various employment-related claims
 such as individual or class actions or government enforcement actions relating to alleged employment discrimination
 employee classification and related withholding
 wage-hour
 labor standards or healthcare and benefit issues. Such actions
 if brought against us and successful in whole or in part
 may affect our ability to compete or could materially adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 

 results of operations and financial condition. 

 customer and consumer demand for our products. In addition
 our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with our suppliers
 contract manufacturers
 distributors
 customers
 consumers and creditors may suffer. Consumers have access to lower-priced offerings and
 during economic downturns
 may shift purchases to these lower-priced or other perceived value offerings. Customers may become more conservative in response to these conditions and seek to reduce their inventories. For example
 during the economic downturn from 2007 through 2009
 customers significantly reduced their inventories
 and inventory levels have not returned to
 and are not expected to return to
 pre-downturn levels. Our results of operations depend upon
 among other things
 our ability to maintain and increase sales volume with our existing customers
 to attract new consumers and to provide products that appeal to consumers at prices they are willing and able to pay. Prolonged unfavorable economic conditions may have an adverse effect on our sales and profitability. 

 which may adversely affect our business. Climate change or concerns regarding climate change may increase environmental regulation and environmental risks. 

 we are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations. Many of these laws and regulations are becoming increasingly stringent and compliance with them is becoming increasingly expensive. Changes in environmental conditions may result in existing legislation having a greater impact on us. Additionally
 we may be subject to new legislation and regulation in the future. For example
 increasing concern about climate change may result in additional federal and state legal and regulatory requirements to reduce or mitigate the effects of green-house gas emissions. Compliance with environmental legislation and regulations
 particularly 



 may increase our costs and adversely affect our results of operations. We cannot predict the extent to which any environmental law or regulation that may be enacted or enforced in the future may affect our operations. The effect of these actions and future actions on the availability and use of pesticides could adversely impact our financial position or results of operations. If the cost of compliance with applicable environmental laws or regulations increases
 our business
 financial condition and results of operations could be negatively impacted. 


 introduce and acquire products
 the risk of such claims may be exacerbated. Any such claims
 even those without merit
 could (i)&#160;require us to expend significant resources
 (ii)&#160;cause us to cease making or using products that incorporate the challenged intellectual property
 (iii)&#160;require us to redesign
 reengineer or rebrand our products or packaging
 including our Freshpet Fridges located in over 13
300 retail stores
 (iv)&#160;divert management&#8217;s attention and resources or (v)&#160;require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements in order to obtain the right to use a third party&#8217;s intellectual property
 which may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. Any of such events may adversely impact our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 


 some of which are managed by third-party service providers. We rely on our information technology systems to effectively manage our business data
 communications
 supply chain
 order entry and fulfillment
 and other business processes. The failure of our information technology systems to perform as we anticipate could disrupt our business and could result in transaction errors
 processing inefficiencies
 and the loss of sales and customers
 causing our business and results of operations to suffer. In addition
 our information technology systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from circumstances beyond our control
 including fire
 natural disasters
 power outages
 systems failures
 security breaches
 cyber-attacks and viruses. Any such damage or interruption could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 


 employees
 suppliers and others
 including personal identification information. Security breaches could expose us to a risk of loss or misuse of this information
 litigation
 and potential liability. We may not have the resources or technical sophistication to anticipate or prevent rapidly-evolving types of cyber-attacks. Attacks may be targeted at us
 our customers and suppliers
 or others who have entrusted us with information. Actual or anticipated attacks may cause us to incur increasing costs
 including costs to deploy additional personnel and protection technologies
 train employees
 and engage third-party experts and consultants. Advances in computer capabilities
 new technological discoveries
 or other developments may result in the technology used by us to protect transaction or other data being breached or compromised. In addition
 data and security breaches can also occur as a result of non-technical issues
 including breach by us or by persons with whom we have commercial relationships that result in the unauthorized release of personal or confidential information. Any compromise or breach of our security could result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws
 significant legal and financial exposure
 and a loss of confidence in our security measures
 which could have an adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 

 our financial results will be adversely affected. 

 2014
 we had federal net operating loss (&#8220;NOLs&#8221;) carryforwards of approximately $163.0 million and state NOLs of approximately $124.5 million. In general
 a corporation that undergoes an &#8216;&#8216;ownership change&#8217;&#8217; is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its prechange NOLs
 to offset future taxable income. In general
 under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended (the &#8220;Code&#8221;)
 an ownership change occurs if the aggregate stock ownership of certain stockholders (generally 5% stockholders
 applying certain look-through and aggregation rules) increases by more than 50 percentage points over such stockholders&#8217; lowest percentage ownership during the testing period (generally three years). Purchases of our common stock in amounts greater than specified levels
 which will be beyond our control
 could create a limitation on our ability to utilize our NOLs for tax purposes in the future. Limitations imposed on our ability to utilize NOLs could cause U.S. federal and state income taxes to be paid earlier than would be paid if such limitations were not in effect and could cause such NOLs to expire unused
 in each case reducing or eliminating the benefit of such NOLs. Furthermore
 we may not be able to generate sufficient taxable income to utilize our NOLs before they expire. If any of 



 we may not derive some or all of the expected benefits from our NOLs. In addition
 NOLs incurred in one state may not be available to offset income earned in a different state. Furthermore
 there may be periods during which the use of NOLs is suspended or otherwise limited for state tax purposes
 which could accelerate or permanently increase state taxes owed. 


 we were not required to comply with the rules of the SEC implementing Section&#160;404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and therefore were not required to make a formal assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for that purpose. As a publicly traded company
 we are now required to comply with the SEC&#8217;s rules implementing Section&#160;302 and 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 which require management to certify financial and other information in our quarterly and annual reports and provide an annual management report on the effectiveness of controls over financial reporting. Though we are required to disclose changes made in our internal controls and procedures on a quarterly basis
 we are not required to make our first annual assessment of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section&#160;404 until the year following our first annual report required to be filed with the SEC. Pursuant to the JOBS Act
 our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting until the later of the year following our first annual report required to be filed with the SEC or the date we are no longer an emerging growth company
 which may be up to five full fiscal years following this offering. 

 are unable to comply with the requirements of Section&#160;404 in a timely manner or to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective
 or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
 investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our common stock could be negatively affected
 and we could become subject to investigations by the NASDAQ Global Market
 the SEC or other regulatory authorities
 which could require additional financial and management resources. 


 some of which are beyond our control
 resulting in a decline in our stock price. 

 including: 













profitability of our Freshpet Fridges
 especially in new markets; 




















macroeconomic conditions
 both nationally and locally; 




































 our quarterly and annual operating results may fluctuate significantly. Accordingly
 results for any one quarter are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for any other quarter or for any year for any particular future period may decrease. In the future
 operating results may fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors. In that event
 the price of our common stock would likely decrease.




 and you may not be able to resell your shares at or above the purchase price. Those fluctuations could be based on various factors in addition to those otherwise described in this report
 including those described under &#8220;&#8212;Risks Related to Our Business and Industry&#8221; and the following: 













the public&#8217;s reaction to our press releases
 our other public announcements and our filings with the SEC; 













global
 national or local economic
 legal and regulatory factors unrelated to our performance; 













future sales of our common stock by our officers
 directors and significant stockholders; 













other developments affecting us
 our industry or our competitors. 

 in recent years the stock market has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations. These fluctuations may be unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These broad market fluctuations may cause declines in the market price of our common stock. The price of our common stock could fluctuate based upon factors that have little or nothing to do with our business
 financial condition and results of operations
 and those fluctuations could materially reduce our common stock price. 

 we are especially vulnerable to these factors to the extent that they affect our industry or our products. In the past
 securities class action litigation has often been initiated against companies following periods of volatility in their stock price. This type of litigation could result in substantial costs and divert our management&#8217;s attention and resources
 and could also require us to make substantial payments to satisfy judgments or to settle litigation. 

 or the perception that such sales may occur
 could depress our common stock price. 

 2014 we had 33
468
342 shares of common stock outstanding
 and our Certificate of Incorporation authorizes us to issue up to 200 million shares of common stock. 

 we may issue additional shares of common stock or other securities if we need to raise additional capital. The number of new shares of our common stock issued in connection with raising additional capital could constitute a material portion of the then outstanding shares of our common stock. Any future sales of our common stock
 or the perception that such sales may occur
 could negatively impact the price of our common stock. 

 our stock price and trading volume could decline. 

 our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of us or fails to publish reports on us regularly
 demand for our common stock could decrease
 which could cause our stock prices and trading volume to decline. 

 and their interests may not always coincide with the interests of the other holders. 

 2014
 MidOcean and Freshpet Investors LLC own approximately 26.0% and 18.8%
 respectively
 of our common stock. As a result
 MidOcean and Freshpet Investors LLC could potentially have significant influence over all matters presented to our stockholders for approval
 including election and removal of our directors
 change in control transactions and the outcome of all actions requiring a majority stockholder approval. 

 persons associated with MidOcean and Freshpet Investors LLC currently serve on our Board of Directors. The interests of MidOcean and Freshpet Investors LLC may not always coincide with the interests of the other holders of our 



 and the concentration of control in MidOcean and Freshpet Investors LLC will limit other stockholders&#8217; ability to influence corporate matters. The concentration of ownership and voting power of MidOcean and Freshpet Investors LLC may also delay
 defer or even prevent an acquisition by a third party or other change of control of our Company and may make some transactions more difficult or impossible without their support
 even if such events are in the best interests of our other stockholders. Therefore
 the concentration of voting power among MidOcean and Freshpet Investors LLC may have an adverse effect on the price of our common stock. We may also take actions that our other stockholders do not view as beneficial
 which may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition and cause the value of your investment to decline. 


 if any
 for future operations
 expansion and debt repayment and have no current plans to pay any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Any future determination to declare and pay cash dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on
 among other things
 our financial condition
 results of operations
 cash requirements
 contractual restrictions and such other factors as our Board of Directors deems relevant. Our ability to pay dividends may also be limited by covenants of any future outstanding indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur. As a result
 you may not receive any return on an investment in our common stock unless you sell our common stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it. 

 even if the acquisition would be beneficial to our stockholders
 and could make it more difficult for you to change our management. 

 we will have a classified Board of Directors with three-year staggered terms
 which could delay the ability of stockholders to change membership of a majority of our Board of Directors. These provisions may make it more difficult or expensive for a third party to acquire a majority of our outstanding equity interests. These provisions also may delay
 prevent or deter a merger
 acquisition
 tender offer
 proxy contest or other transaction that might otherwise result in our stockholders receiving a premium over the market price for their common stock. 

 individuals or entities that bring certain claims or join such claims may be obligated to reimburse the Company for the expenses it reasonably incurs in connection with such actions if the claim proves unsuccessful. 

 to the fullest extent permitted by law
 in the event that any person or entity (the &#8220;Claimant&#8221;) (x)&#160;initiates or asserts (1)&#160;any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company
 (2)&#160;any claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director
 officer
 employee or agent of the Company to the Company or its stockholders
 (3)&#160;any action against the Company or any of its directors
 officers
 employees or agents arising pursuant to any provision of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the &#8220;DGCL&#8221;)
 our Certificate of Incorporation or our Bylaws
 or (4)&#160;any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine (each of the foregoing
 a &#8220;Claim&#8221;)
 or joins any such Claim as a named party
 and (y)&#160;does not thereby obtain a judgment on the merits that substantially achieves the full remedy or relief sought in the Claim
 such Claimant shall be jointly and severally obligated to reimburse the Company for all fees
 costs and expenses (including attorneys&#8217; fees and the fees of experts) actually and reasonably incurred by the Company in defending such Claim. This provision of our Certificate of Incorporation may deter stockholder litigation that may be in the best interests of the Company or our stockholders. 

 as a result of the reduced disclosure and governance requirements applicable to emerging growth companies
 our common stock may be less attractive to investors. 

 as defined in the JOBS Act
 and we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies
 but not to emerging growth companies
 including
 but not limited to
 an exemption from the auditor attestation requirement of Section&#160;404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 reduced disclosure about executive compensation arrangements pursuant to the rules applicable to smaller reporting companies and no requirement to seek non-binding advisory votes on executive compensation or golden parachute arrangements. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of (i)&#160;the end of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the completion of this offering
 (ii)&#160;the first fiscal year after our annual gross revenue are $1.0 billion or more
 (iii)&#160;the date on which we have
 during the previous three-year period
 issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities or (iv)&#160;the end of any fiscal year in which the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeded $700 million as of the end of the second quarter of that fiscal year. 



 there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 


 in each case to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. In addition
 we have entered and expect to continue to enter into agreements to indemnify our directors
 executive officers and other employees as determined by our Board of Directors. Under the terms of such indemnification agreements
 we are required to indemnify each of our directors and officers
 to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the state of Delaware
 if the basis of the indemnitee&#8217;s involvement was by reason of the fact that the indemnitee is or was a director or officer of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or was serving at the Company&#8217;s request in an official capacity for another entity. We must indemnify our officers and directors against all reasonable fees
 expenses
 charges and other costs of any type or nature whatsoever
 including any and all expenses and obligations paid or incurred in connection with investigating
 defending
 being a witness in
 participating in (including on appeal)
 or preparing to defend
 be a witness or participate in any completed
 actual
 pending or threatened action
 suit
 claim or proceeding
 whether civil
 criminal
 administrative or investigative
 or establishing or enforcing a right to indemnification under the indemnification agreement. The indemnification agreements also require us
 if so requested
 to advance within 30 days of such request all reasonable fees
 expenses
 charges and other costs that such director or officer incurred
 provided that such person will return any such advance if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to indemnification by us. Any claims for indemnification by our directors and officers may reduce our available funds to satisfy successful third-party claims against us and may reduce the amount of money available to us. 

 which would rank senior to our common stock upon our bankruptcy or liquidation
 and future offerings of equity securities that may be senior to our common stock for the purposes of dividend and liquidating distributions
 may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

 we may attempt to increase our capital resources by making offerings of debt securities or additional offerings of equity securities. Upon bankruptcy or liquidation
 holders of our debt securities and shares of preferred stock and lenders with respect to other borrowings will receive a distribution of our available assets prior to the holders of our common stock. Additional equity offerings may dilute the holdings of our existing stockholders or reduce the market price of our common stock
 or both
 and may result in future Section&#160;382 limitations that could reduce the rate at which we utilize our NOL carryforwards. Preferred stock
 if issued
 could have a preference on liquidating distributions or a preference on dividend payments or both that could limit our ability to make a dividend distribution to the holders of our common stock. Our decision to issue securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control. As a result
 we cannot predict or estimate the amount
 timing or nature of our future offerings
 and purchasers of our common stock in this offering bear the risk of our future offerings reducing the market price of our common stock and diluting their ownership interest in our company.






 New Jersey and consists of approximately 14
815 square feet of office space and is subject to a lease agreement that expires on January&#160;31
 2017. 

 our manufacturing facility in Bethlehem
 Pennsylvania
 which consists of approximately 58
470 square feet. We are currently in the process of expanding our Freshpet Kitchens site in two phases. The first phase will add an additional 7
600 square feet
 and the second phase 28
000 square feet. We lease a manufacturing facility in Quakertown
 Pennsylvania
 which consists of approximately 6
500 square feet. The lease agreement expires on June&#160;30
 2015
 and we do not expect to renew it as we consolidate all in-house manufacturing at the Freshpet Kitchens. We believe that our properties have been adequately maintained
 are in good condition generally and are suitable and adequate for its business as presently conducted.



 including claims resulting from employment related matters. None of these claims
 most of which are covered by insurance
 has had a material effect on us
 and as of the date of this report
 we are not party to any material pending legal proceedings and are not aware of any claims that could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
 results of 



 a significant increase in the number of these claims or an increase in amounts owing under successful claims could materially and adversely affect our business
 financial condition
 results of operations or cash flows.










ITEM&#160;5. Market for registrant&#8217;s common equity
 related stockholder matters and issues purchases of equity secuitties 


 2014. Prior to that date
 there was no public market for our common stock. The price range per share of common stock presented below represents the highest and lowest closing prices for our common stock on the NASDAQ Global Select Market for our only full quarterly period since our IPO.




















 2014)

















 2015 was 130. This number excludes stockholders whose stock is held in nominee or street name by brokers.


 2014
 we have not declared or paid
 and do not anticipate declaring or paying in the foreseeable future
 any cash dividends on our capital stock. Any future determination to declare and pay cash dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors in accordance with applicable laws and will depend on
 among other things
 our financial condition
 results of operations
 cash requirements
 contractual restrictions and such other factors as our Board of Directors deems relevant.


 2014
 our registration statement on Form S-1 (File No.&#160;333-198724) was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission for our IPO pursuant to which we sold an aggregate of 11
979
167 shares of our common stock at a price to the public of $15.00 per share. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from our IPO as described in our Prospectus.




 as amended
 or the Exchange Act
 or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section
 and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Freshpet
Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 or the Exchange Act. 

 2014 (the date our common stock commenced trading on the NASDAQ) through December 31
 2014. Although our common stock was initially listed at $15.00 per share on the date our common stock was first listed on the NASDAQ
 November 7
 2014
 the $15.00 price is not reflected in the graph. Instead
 the figures represented below assume an investment of $100 in our common stock at the closing price of $19.11 on November 7
 2014 and in the NASDAQ Composite and the Russell 3000 on November 7
 2014 and the reinvestment of dividends into shares of common stock. The comparisons in the table are required by the SEC and are not intended to forecast or be indicative of possible future performance of our common stock.


































































































































 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 and the consolidated balance sheets data as of December&#160;31
 2014 and 2013 from our audited consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this report. The consolidated balance sheets data as of December&#160;31
 2012
 have been derived from our audited consolidated financial statements not included in this filing.

























































764








151








519












546








958








881












218








193








638






 general and administrative expenses






636








574








385












418








381








747








































937








245








895












614








492








638












297








656








624









































339








687








656












286








596








954












655




























280








283








610




























































































632
042








415
014








413
467












632
042








415
014








413
467























































































130








367








565












979








051








737












035








247








181








































386








836








514




















974








363












515
















096








































226








987








298












905








656








097












131








643








395





























































259








445








633












863








435








111












462








617








094




















112








057
















































728








513




















463








103












393








058








804











 the Company was obligated to pay each guarantor a contingent fee equal to 10%&#160;per annum of the amount each guarantor committed to guarantee. Portions of the proceeds from our IPO and related debt refinancing were used to repay the borrowings under the $62.5 Million Revolver
 relieving us of our future fees on the debt guarantee. Concurrently
 with the closing of the IPO
 the outstanding guarantee fees were converted into shares of our Series C Preferred Stock
 par value $0.001 (the &#8220;Series C Preferred Stock&#8221;)
 which were then converted into common stock. See our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto for additional information. 








 on a quarterly basis. Holders of Series C Preferred Stock (the &#8220;Series C Preferred Stock&#8221;) were entitled to dividends at a rate of 8%&#160;per annum of the Series C Preferred Stock original issue price. Once the Series C Preferred Stock was converted to Common Stock
 the accrued dividends that had not been declared by the Board of Directors were relinquished. 







 the Series C Preferred Stock were fair valued utilizing the Common Stock share price at the date of conversion. The difference between fair value and book value was recorded as net loss attributable to common stockholders








 or GAAP. As used herein
 EBITDA represents net loss plus depreciation and amortization
 interest expense (including fees on debt guarantee
 which we believe were a cost of our prior financing arrangement akin to interest expense)
 and income tax expense. As used herein
 Adjusted EBITDA represents EBITDA plus loss on disposal of equipment
 new plant startup expense and processing
 share based compensation and launch expenses. 

 when considered with both our GAAP results and the reconciliation to net loss set forth below
 provides a more complete understanding of our business than could be obtained absent this disclosure. We use EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA
 together with financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP
 such as sales
 gross profit margins
 and cash flow from operations
 to assess our historical and prospective operating performance
 to provide meaningful comparisons of operating performance across periods
 to enhance our understanding of our operating performance and to compare our performance to that of our peers and competitors. 

 and additionally as an important component of internal budgeting and setting management compensation. 

 and other items as detailed below. 

 income from operations or any other measure of financial performance calculated and prescribed in accordance with GAAP. Neither EBITDA nor Adjusted EBITDA should be considered a measure of discretionary cash available to us to invest in the growth of our business. Our Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to similarly titled measures in other organizations because other organizations may not calculate Adjusted EBITDA in the same manner as we do. 



 neither EBITDA nor Adjusted EBITDA reflects: 








 which we believe are a cost of our financing arrangement and are akin to interest expense)
 or the cash requirements necessary to service interest expense or principal payments
 associated with indebtedness;







 which are non-cash charges
 although the assets being depreciated and amortized will likely have to be replaced in the future
 nor does EBITDA or Adjusted EBITDA reflect any cash requirements for such replacements; and


 Adjusted EBITDA excludes (i)&#160;non-cash stock based compensation expense
 which is and will remain a key element of our overall long term incentive compensation package
 and (ii)&#160;certain costs essential to our sales growth and strategy
 including an allowance for marketing expenses for each new store added to our network and uncapitalizable freight costs associated with Freshpet Fridge replacements. Adjusted EBITDA also excludes certain cash charges resulting from matters we consider not to be indicative of our ongoing operations. Other companies in our industry may calculate EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA differently than we do
 limiting their usefulness as comparative measures. 
























































339








687








656












937








245








895












425








945








728












614








492








638
















































974








363








































513








305








815




















996




















564
















119








































515
















096











 the Company was obligated to pay each guarantor a contingent fee equal to 10%&#160;per annum of the amount each guarantor committed to guarantee. Portions of the proceeds from our IPO and related debt refinancing were used to repay the borrowings under the $62.5 Million Revolver
 relieving us of our future fees on the debt guarantee. Concurrently
 with the closing of the IPO
 the outstanding guarantee fees were converted into shares of our Series C Preferred Stock
 which were then converted into common stock. See our consolidated financial statements and the notes for additional information. 







000 for each store added to our distribution network as well as the uncapitalized freight costs associated with Freshpet Fridge replacements. The expense enhances the overall marketing spend to support our growing distribution network. 







 Pennsylvania
 which was completed in the fourth quarter of 2013. 































 including those set forth in &#8220;Risk Factors.&#8221; The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report
 as well as the information presented under &#8220;Selected Financial Data.&#8221; 


 fresh food to our dogs and cats. We were inspired by the rapidly growing view among pet owners that their dogs and cats are a part of their family
 leading them to demand healthier pet food choices. Over the last nine years
 we have created a comprehensive business model to deliver wholesome pet food that pet parents can trust
 and in the process we believe we have become one of the fastest growing pet food companies in North America. Our business model is difficult for others to replicate and we see significant opportunity for future growth by leveraging the unique elements of our business
 including our brand
 our product know-how
 our Freshpet Kitchens
 our refrigerated distribution
 our Freshpet Fridge and our culture. 



 who purchase either directly from us or through third party distributors. Our products are sold to consumers through a fast-growing network of company-owned branded refrigerators
 known as Freshpet Fridges
 located in our customers&#8217; stores. We continue to roll out Freshpet Fridges across leading retailers across North America and have installed Freshpet Fridges in over 13
300 retail stores as of December&#160;31
 2014. All of our products are sold under the Freshpet brand name
 with ingredients
 packaging and labeling customized by class of retail. Sales are recorded net of discounts
 slotting
 returns and promotional allowances. 







Increasing sales velocity from the average Freshpet Fridge due to increasing awareness
 trial and adoption of Freshpet products. Our investments in marketing and advertising help to drive awareness and trial at each point of sale. 






Continued innovation and new product introductions. New products introduced since 2011 represented 37% of our net sales in 2014. From time to time
 we review our product line and may remove products that are not meeting sales or profitability goals. 






Increased penetration of Freshpet Fridge locations in major classes of retail
 including grocery
 mass
 club
 pet specialty and natural. The impact of new Freshpet Fridge installations on our net sales varies by retail class and depends on numerous factors including store traffic
 refrigerator size
 placement within the store
 and proximity to other stores that carry our products. 






Consumer trends including growing pet ownership
 pet humanization and a focus on health and wellness. 

 we will continue to penetrate the pet food marketplace and increase our share of the pet food category.


 which include the costs of product manufacturing
 product ingredients
 packaging materials
 spoils
 and inbound freight. The construction of our scalable manufacturing facility in Bethlehem
 Pennsylvania was completed in November 2013
 essentially replacing our Quakertown
 Pennsylvania facility
 and has significantly improved our production efficiency. Growing capacity utilization of our new facility will allow us to leverage fixed costs and thereby expand our gross profit margins.




 General and Administrative Expenses

 general and administrative expenses consist of the following: 
 Outbound freight from our Freshpet Kitchens is managed by a national third party refrigerated and frozen human food manufacturer that delivers our product to grocery retailers in the United States. Additionally
 we sell through third-party distributors for the mass
 club
 pet specialty and natural classes in the United States and Canada. As our sales volume increases
 we expect our outbound freight costs to decrease as a percentage of net sales as we achieve benefits of scale.
 Our marketing and advertising expenses primarily consist of national television media
 digital marketing
 social media
 and grass roots marketing to drive brand awareness. These expenses may vary from quarter to quarter depending on the timing of our marketing and advertising campaigns. We expect our marketing&#160;&amp; advertising costs to decrease as a percentage of net sales as we leverage national advertising spend across a growing network of Freshpet Fridges.
 Freshpet Fridge operating costs consist of repair costs
 installation fees to third-party service providers
 and depreciation. The purchase and installation costs for new Freshpet Fridges are capitalized and depreciated over the estimated useful life. All new refrigerators are covered by a manufacturer warranty for one to three years. We subsequently incur maintenance and freight costs for repairs and refurbishments handled by third-party service providers.

 We utilize third-party brokers to assist with monitoring our Freshpet Fridges at the point-of-sale as well as representing us at headquarters for various customers. These brokers visit our retail customers&#8217; store locations and ensure items are stocked
 maintain Freshpet Fridge appearance
 and replace missing price tags. 
 Other general and administrative costs include non-plant personnel salaries and benefits which include stock compensation
 as well as corporate general&#160;&amp; administrative costs. We expect to incur incremental annual costs of approximately $2.0 million to $2.3 million per year related to operating as a public company. 

 general and administrative costs as a percentage of net sales have continued to decrease from 81.3% in 2012
 62.7% in 2013
 and 56.1% in 2014. We expect our selling
 general
 and administrative expenses to decrease as a percentage of net sales as we continue to expand our distribution footprint and grow our net sales. 


 we entered into a Fee and Reimbursement Agreement with certain stockholders. That agreement stipulated that we pay each guarantor a contingent fee of 10%&#160;per annum of the amount each guarantor committed to guarantee. The fees on debt guarantee recognized in each period was a function of the outstanding note payable and the fair value of the underlying guarantee. We used a portion of the proceeds from the IPO and the related debt refinancing to repay the borrowings under the $62.5 Million Revolver
 relieving us of future fees on the debt guarantee. The fees on debt guarantee liability were settled in the form of shares of our Series C Preferred Stock at a price of $5.25 per share
 which were then converted into shares of common stock at a 1-to-0.7396 ratio.


 2014
 which expire between 2025 and 2034. We may be subject to certain limitations in our annual utilization of net operating loss carry forwards to off-set future taxable income pursuant to Section&#160;382 of the Internal Revenue Code
 which could result in NOLs expiring unused. At December&#160;31
 2014
 we had approximately $124.5 million of State NOLs
 which expire between 2015 and 2034. At December&#160;31
 2014
 we had a full valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets as the realization of such assets was not considered more likely than not.






























































































































































764








151








519




































546








958








881




































218








193








638






























 general and administrative expenses






636








574








385




































418








381








747












































































































































937








245








895




































614








492








638




































297








656








624

























































































339








687








656





























 2014 Compared to Twelve Months Ended December&#160;31
 2013





































































212
966
















731
873














 Natural and Other (2)






551
146
















418
903




















764
112
















150
776




























 or 37%
 to $86.8 million for the twelve months ended December&#160;31
 2014 as compared to the same period in the prior year. The number of stores carrying Freshpet products grew from 10
836 as of December&#160;31
 2013 to 13
386 as of December&#160;31
 2014
 an increase of 24%. We also experienced velocity gains in Grocery and Mass as well as Pet Specialty
 Natural and Other during 2014.


 or 55%
 to $42.2 million for the twelve months ended December&#160;31
 2014 as compared to the same period in the prior year. The increase was primarily driven by higher net sales
 lower manufacturing costs per pound due to continued efficiency gains at our new Freshpet Kitchens in Bethlehem
 Pennsylvania
 which was completed in the fourth quarter of 2013
 as well as the one-time cost of new plant startup expenses and processing of $2.0 million in 2013. The increase was partially offset by higher depreciation (net of 2013 write-off for disposal of non-usable equipment) of approximately $0.3 million
 related to the new manufacturing facility. As a result
 gross profit margins increased to 49% for the twelve months ended December&#160;31
 2014 compared to 43% in the same period of the prior year.



 General and Administrative Expenses

 general and administrative expenses increased $9.1 million or 23%
 to $48.6 million for the twelve months ended December&#160;31
 2014 as compared to the same period in the prior year. Key components of the dollar increase include additional outbound freight costs of $2.6 million due to increased volume and sales
 higher advertising expenses of $2.2 million
 higher share-based compensation expense of $0.6 million
 warrant expense related to the fair valuation of the outstanding warrants of $0.3 million
 and incremental operating expenses of $3.4 million. The increased operating expenses were primarily due to new hires
 increased employee benefit costs
 higher brokerage with growing sales
 and increased refrigerator repairs due to our growing Freshpet Fridge network. As a percentage of net sales
 selling
 general and administrative expenses decreased from 63% for 2013 to 56% for 2014.


 or 48%
 to $6.4 million for the twelve months ended December&#160;31
 2014 as compared to the same period in the prior year as a result of the factors discussed above.


 2014 as compared to the same period in the prior year due to the change in the fair value of the fees on debt guarantee. The increase is attributable to adjusting the fair value of the fees on debt guarantee liability to the fair value of as of the IPO settlement date. Upon closing the IPO
 the Company converted outstanding guarantee fees into 2
477
756 shares of Series C Preferred Stock
 which were subsequently converted into 1
832
531 shares of common stock at a fair value of $18.05
 which was the share price upon the close of the IPO.


 or 32%
 to $4.6 million for the twelve months ended December&#160;31
 2014 as compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due to $0.7 million of write-offs of loan origination fees and note discounts associated with the pay down of debt upon the IPO. In addition
 the Company incurred an increase in borrowings in 2014 for both working capital and capital expenditures for new refrigerators to support retail expansion and plant improvements.


 or 72%
 to $37.3 million for the twelve months ended December&#160;31
 2014 as compared to the same period in the prior year. Net loss was 43% of net sales for the twelve months ended December&#160;31
 2014 as compared to a net loss of 34% of net sales for the same period in the prior year. 

 2013 Compared to Twelve Months Ended December&#160;31
 2012



































































731
873
















985
199














 Natural and Other (2)






418
903
















534
262




















150
776
















519
461




























 or 45%
 to $63.2 million for 2013 as compared to the prior year. The number of stores carrying Freshpet products grew from 8
514 stores as of December&#160;31
 2012 to 10
836 as of December&#160;31
 2013
 an increase of 27%. We also experienced velocity gains in Grocery and Mass as well as Pet Specialty
 Natural and Other during 2013.




 or 32%
 to $27.2 million for 2013 as compared to the prior year. The increase was primarily driven by higher net sales
 partially offset by higher cost per pound of manufacturing due to duplicate expenditures of $0.9 million related to duplicate plant personnel and plant overhead during the transition to our new Freshpet Kitchens facility in Bethlehem
 Pennsylvania in the last quarter of 2013
 as well as incremental outsourced processing costs of $1.1 million to guarantee quality during the transition to the new Freshpet Kitchens. Additionally
 during 2013
 we incurred a net loss for disposal of non-usable equipment in the amount of $0.8 million
 which was charged to costs of goods sold. We expect our gross profit margins to expand as we realize operating leverage with increasing economies of scale of our Freshpet Kitchens.

 General and Administrative Expenses

 general and administrative expenses increased $4.2 million
 or 12%
 to $39.6 million for 2013 as compared to the prior year. As a percentage of net sales
 selling
 general and administrative expenses decreased from 81% for 2012 to 63% for 2013. Key components of the increase in expenses include additional outbound freight costs of $1.7 million due to increased volume sold
 higher marketing expenses of $1.4 million and incremental operating expenses of $1.1 million. The increased operating expenses were primarily due to new hires
 increased employee benefit costs
 higher brokerage with growing sales
 and increased refrigerator repairs due to our growing Freshpet Fridge network. 


 or 16%
 to $12.4 million for 2013 as compared to the prior year as a result of the factors discussed above.


 or 177%
 to $5.2 million in 2013 as compared to the prior year due to the increase in the amount of guaranteed debt from $40.0 million to $60.0 million in May 2013
 a full year of guarantee fees in 2013
 plus the change in the fair value of the fees on debt guarantee.


 or 113%
 to $3.5 million for 2013 as compared to the prior year due to increased borrowings for both working capital and capital expenditures for new refrigerators to support retail expansion and plant improvements.


 or 16%
 to $21.7 million for 2013 as compared to the prior year.


 2014 has been prepared on a basis consistent with our audited annual consolidated financial statements and includes
 in the opinion of management
 all normal recurring adjustments necessary for a fair statement of the financial information contained herein. The following quarterly data should be read together with our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report.


















































596








593








970








386












350








386








520








508












293








073








874








978
















































142








267








483








447
























































001








801








269








836












885








848








698








720












598








900








277








418
















































719








254








495








219






















































190








891








155








514












383








537








227








372












300








005








323








010
















































388








179








018








071






 we expect to rely on our current and future cash flow from operations
 and our current available borrowing capacity. Our ability to obtain additional funding will be subject to various factors
 including general market conditions
 our operating performance
 the market&#8217;s perception of our growth potential
 lender sentiment and our ability to incur additional debt in compliance with other contractual restrictions
 such as financial covenants under our debt documents. 

 our ability to make payments on
 and to refinance
 our indebtedness and to fund planned expenditures for our growth plans will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. If our business does not achieve the levels of profitability or generate the amount of cash that we anticipate or if we expand faster than anticipated
 we may need to seek additional debt or equity financing to operate and expand our business. Future third-party financing may not be available on favorable terms or at all.

 expected cash flow from operations and planned borrowing capacity are adequate to fund debt service requirements
 operating lease obligations
 capital expenditures and working capital obligations for the foreseeable future. However
 our ability to continue to meet these requirements and obligations will depend on
 among other things
 our ability to achieve anticipated levels of revenue and cash flow from operations and our ability to manage costs and working capital successfully. Additionally
 our cash flow generation ability is subject to general economic
 financial
 competitive
 legislative and regulatory factors and other factors that are beyond our control. We cannot assure you that our business will generate cash flow from operations in an amount sufficient to enable us to fund our liquidity needs. Further
 our capital requirements may vary materially from those currently planned if
 for example
 our revenues do not reach expected levels or we have to incur unforeseen capital expenditures and make investments to maintain our competitive position. If this is the case
 we may seek alternative financing
 such as selling additional debt or equity securities
 and we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so on favorable terms
 if at all. Moreover
 if we issue new debt securities
 the debt holders would have rights senior to common stockholders to make claims on our assets
 and the terms of any debt could restrict our operations
 including our ability to pay dividends on our common stock. If we issue additional equity or convertible debt securities
 existing stockholders may experience dilution
 and such new securities could have rights senior to those of our common stock. These factors may make the timing
 amount
 terms and conditions of additional financings unattractive. Our inability to raise capital could impede our growth or otherwise require us to forego growth opportunities and could materially adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations.

















































259








445






 net






360








498












314








512












291




















424








287












938








907












863








435








 2014 compared to December&#160;31
 2013 is primarily due to increased cash
 increased accounts receivable due to higher net sales
 increased inventory due to a higher net sales run-rate
 offset by a slight increase in net current liabilities. The increase in cash is due to the net proceeds from the IPO.

 purchases and operating expenses
 marketing expenses and capital expenditures to procure Freshpet Fridges and expand and improve our manufacturing plant to support our net sales growth. We also expect to invest approximately $23 to $25 million in capital expenditures to expand our plant capacity and increase distribution.&nbsp;&nbsp;We expect to be able to use our current liquidity position
 and future operating cash flows to fund the plant expansion. 


 2014 our funding consisted primarily of our IPO proceeds of $164.4&#160;million
 net of underwriting discount and offering expenses
 and net proceeds of $6.6 million from private placements of capital stock. We utilized the net proceeds from the IPO to pay down approximately $126.2 million of outstanding indebtedness
 Series B Preferred Stock
 par value $0.001 (Series B Preferred Stock)
 and accrued interest. At December&#160;31
 2014 we had no debt outstanding under our credit agreements.

 for the periods indicated
 our beginning balance of cash
 net cash flows provided by (used in) operating
 investing and financing activities and our ending balance of cash.






















































445&#160;








633








868












026








241








716












877








643








306












718








696








763












260








445








633






 loss on disposal of equipment
 fees on debt guarantee
 depreciation and amortization
 share-based compensation
 revaluation of outstanding warrants and issuance of common stock options for service).

 net cash used in operating activities was $8.0 million
 which consisted of a net loss of $37.3 million
 partially offset by $35.4 million of non-cash items
 and $6.1 million decrease related to changes in operating assets and liabilities. The change in operating assets and liabilities is primarily due to the increase in accounts receivable of $1.9 million
 an increase in inventories of $1.7 million
 an increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets of $1.1 million
 and a decrease of accounts payable of $1.6 million. The increase in accounts receivable and inventory is primarily due to a 37.4% growth in net sales. The change in accounts payable and prepaid and other current assets is due to timing of payments.

 net cash used in operating activities was $11.2 million and consisted of net loss of $21.7 million
 partially offset by $13.3 million of non-cash items and $2.8 million of increases due to changes in operating assets and liabilities. The changes in operating assets and liabilities consisted primarily of an increase in accounts receivable of $0.9 million
 an increase in inventories of $1.8 million
 an increase in prepaid and other assets of $0.2 million
 partially offset by an increase in payables and accrued expenses of $0.1 million. The increases in accounts receivable and inventory are primarily due to 45% growth of net sales compared to 2012.

 net cash used in operating activities was $8.7 million and consisted of net loss of $18.7 million
 partially offset by net non-cash expenses of $8.2 million and a $1.8 million increase related to changes in operating assets and liabilities. Changes in operating assets and liabilities consisted primarily of increases in accounts receivable of $1.6 million
 an increase in inventories of $0.8 million
 an increase in prepaid and other assets of $0.1 million
 partially offset by an increase in payables and accrued expenses of $4.2 million. The increases in accounts receivable and inventory are primarily due to 71% growth of net sales compared to 2011. The increase in payables was due to timing of payments for capital and other operating expenses. The increase in accrued expenses was primarily due to increased incentive compensation.




 2014
 2013
 and 2012 relates primarily to capital expenditures. Net cash used in investing activities was $16.9 million
 $24.6 million
 and $26.3 million for the respective periods. The capital spending during 2014 mainly related to Freshpet Fridges and other equipment
 which was $14.9 million in 2014
 $11.7 million in 2013
 and $13.1 million in 2012. In 2014
 there were also capital plant costs of $2.2 million.&nbsp;&nbsp;In 2013 and 2012
 the capitalized plant costs were $13.0 million and $13.3 million
 respectively.&nbsp;&nbsp;The capitalized plant costs in 2013 and 2012 related mainly to the development of our Freshpet Kitchens in Bethlehem
 Pennsylvania
 which was completed in 2013.


 $36.7 million in 2013
 and $33.8 million in 2012. The net cash from financing activities in 2014 related to proceeds from the issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs
 in the amount of $164.4 million
 and proceeds from the issuance of Series C Preferred Stock in the amount of $6.6 million.&nbsp;&nbsp;The funds from financing activities during 2014 were offset by the $112.3 million repayment of debt and redemption of Series B Preferred Stock
 net of the increase in borrowing
 which was offset by financing fees paid in connection with the borrowing. 

 as well as proceeds from the issuance of our preferred stock of $5.0 million during 2013 and $1.1 million during 2012.


 the Company&#8217;s debt outstanding consisted of a $1.5 million stockholders note (the &#8220;Stockholder Note&#8221;)
 a $27
000
000 revolving note payable (the &#8220;$27.0 Million Revolver&#8221;)
 a $62.5 million revolving note payable (the &#8220;$62.5 Million Revolver&#8221;)
 and $2
000
000 in shareholder convertible notes (the &#8220;Convertible Notes&#8221;).

 2020. In connection with the issuance of the Stockholder Note in February 2010
 for every $16.39 that was borrowed with the notes
 one share of common stock was issued to the lender. As a result
 91
528 shares of common stock were issued and the fair value of the stock at issuance
 $6.56 a share
 was recorded as a discount to the debt.

 2015
 and the $62.5 Million Revolver initially matured on May&#160;1
 2016.


 2014
 the Company issued $2.0 million in aggregate principal amount of convertible notes to certain of its stockholders
 which were paid down upon the consummation of the IPO. The Convertible Notes were issued at 98% of par and were convertible into Series C Preferred Stock at a price of $5.25 per share
 at the option of the holder
 at any time after December 31
 2014.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company did not accrue interest as the Convertible Notes started to accrue interest on December 7
 2014
 which was after the November 13
 2014 repayment.

 2014
 in connection with the completion of its IPO
 the Company entered into senior secured credit facilities (the &#8220;Debt Refinancing&#8221;) comprising a 5-year $18.0 million term facility (the &#8220;Term Facility&#8221;)
 a 3-year $10.0 million revolving facility (the &#8220;Revolving Facility&#8221;) and a $12.0 million additional term loan commitment earmarked primarily for capital expenditures (the &#8220;Capex Commitments&#8221; and together with the Term Facility and Revolving Facility
 the &#8220;Credit Facilities&#8221; and such loan agreement
 the &#8220;Loan Agreement&#8221;). Any drawn Capex Commitments (the &#8220;Capex Loans&#8221;) will mature on the fifth anniversary of the execution of the Loan Agreement. Any undrawn Capex Commitments will expire on the third anniversary of the execution of the agreement. Under the terms of the Loan Agreement
 the commitments for the Revolving Facility may be increased up to $20.0 million subject to certain conditions.

 the $27.0 Million Revolver
 the $62.5 Million Revolver
 Convertible Notes
 and $1.3 million of accrued interest. Borrowings under the Credit Facilities will bear interest at variable rates depending on our election
 either at a base rate or at LIBOR
 in each case
 plus an applicable margin. The initial applicable margin will be 3.75% for base rate loans and 4.75% for LIBOR loans. Thereafter
 subject to our leverage ratio
 the applicable base rate margin will vary from 2.75% and 3.75% and the applicable LIBOR rate margin will vary from 3.75% and 4.75%. In addition
 we will also be required to pay customary fees and expenses for the Credit Facilities.

 on December&#160;23
 2014
 the Company paid down and extinguished the Term Facility and increased the Capex Commitments from $12 million to $30 million. The Credit Facilities are secured by substantially all of the Company&#8217;s 



 including financial covenants
 and includes events of default that are customary for facilities of this type.&nbsp;&nbsp;As of December 31
 2014
 the Company was in compliance with all the covenants in its credit agreement.


 and in consideration thereof
 the Company issued to City National Bank a warrant to purchase up to an aggregate of 61
117 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock at a purchase price of $6.28 per share. In the event the Company issues additional equity instruments at a purchase price or exercise price lower than the warrant exercise price
 the exercise price will be adjusted. The warrant was recorded as a liability with adjustments to fair value recorded in the statement of operations. This warrant is exercised upon surrender to the Company
 on a net basis
 such that
 without the exchange of any funds
 such holder purchases that number of shares otherwise issuable upon exercise of its warrant less that number of shares having a current market price at the time of exercise equal to the aggregate exercise price that would otherwise have been paid by such holder upon the exercise of the warrant. This warrant automatically converts on October 5
 2017 without any action by the holder.



 2014:




























































484








318








166








































































484








318








166























 which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
 or GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 as well as the revenue and expenses incurred during the reported periods. On an ongoing basis
 we evaluate our estimates and judgments
 including those related to accrued expenses and stock-based compensation. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances
 the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not apparent from other sources. Changes in estimates are reflected in reported results for the period in which they become known. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.

 we believe that the following critical accounting policies are most important to understanding and evaluating our reported financial results.

 and the reported amounts of net sales and expenses during the reporting period.

 as these policies related to the more significant areas involving management&#8217;s judgments and estimates. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results
 as determined at a later date
 could differ from those estimates. To the extent that there are differences between our estimate and the actual results
 our future financial statement presentation
 financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows will be affected.





 plant and equipment are recorded at cost. We provide for depreciation on the straight-line method by charges to income at rates based upon estimated recovery periods of 7 years for furniture and office equipment
 5 years for automotive equipment
 6 &#8211; 9 years for refrigeration equipment
 5 &#8211; 10 years for machinery and equipment
 and 15 &#8211; 39 years for building and improvements. Capitalized cost includes the costs incurred to bring the property
 plant and equipment to the condition and location necessary for its intended use
 which includes any necessary delivery
 electrical and installation cost for equipment. Maintenance and repairs that do not extend the useful life of the assets over two years are charged to expense as incurred. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the term of the related lease or the estimated useful lives on the straight-line method (without consideration of option renewal terms).

 an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. Recoverability of assets held for sale is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset or asset group to their fair value less estimated costs to sell. Estimating future cash flows and calculating fair value of assets requires significant estimates and assumptions by management. These estimates involve inherent uncertainties
 and the measurement of the recoverability of the cost of a potentially impaired asset is dependent on the accuracy of the assumptions used in making the estimates and how these estimates compare to our future operating performance. If the carrying amount is not fully recoverable
 an impairment loss is recognized to reduce the carry amount to fair value
 and is charged to expense in the period of impairment.


 2014
 we had federal NOL carryforwards of approximately $163.0 million
 which expire at various dates between 2025 and 2034. We may be subject to the net operating loss utilization provisions of Section&#160;382 of the Code. The effect of an ownership change would be the imposition of an annual limitation on the use of NOL carryforwards attributable to periods before the change. The amount of the annual limitation depends upon our value immediately before the ownership change
 changes to our capital during a specified period prior to the change
 and the federal published interest rate. Although we have not undergone a Code Section&#160;382 analysis
 if we were to undergo an ownership change it is likely that the utilization of the NOLs will be substantially limited.

 the deferred tax asset will not be realized. At December&#160;31
 2014 and 2013
 we determined that a valuation allowance of approximately 100% is deemed appropriate.
&#8212;Revenue from product sales is generally recognized upon shipment to the customers
 at which point title and risk of loss is transferred and the selling price is fixed or determinable. This completes the revenue-earning process specifically that an arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred
 ownership has transferred
 the price is fixed and collectability is reasonably assured. A provision for payment discounts and product return allowances
 which is estimated based upon our historical performance
 management&#8217;s experience and current economic trends
 is recorded as a reduction of sales in the same period that the revenue is recognized.

 consisting primarily of customer pricing allowances and merchandising funds and from time-to-time
 consumer coupons are offered through various programs to customers and consumers. Sales are recorded net of estimated trade incentive spending
 which is recognized as incurred at the time of sale. Accruals for expected payouts under these programs are included as accrued expense in the consolidated balance sheet. Coupon redemption costs are also recognized as reduction to calculate net sales when the coupons are issued. Estimates of trade promotion expense and coupon redemption costs are based upon programs offered
 timing of those offers
 estimated redemption/usage rates from historical performance
 management&#8217;s experience and current economic trends.


As of December&#160;31
 2013
 we had 112
160 shares of Series B Preferred Stock and 11
238
098 shares of Series C Preferred Stock issued and outstanding
 respectively. Upon consummation of the IPO
 the Series B Preferred Stock were redeemed for $35.0 million of cash and the Series C Preferred Stock were converted to shares of common stock.


 we considered the voting
 dividend
 and liquidation rights of the Series B Preferred Stock. Based on the terms
 it was concluded that the fair value of the Series B Preferred Stock was $100 a share. The Series B Preferred Stock was not convertible to common stock. As of December 31
 2014 there were no Series B Preferred Stock outstanding.


 2014 there were no Series C Preferred Stock outstanding. The below discussion relates to the valuation of the Series C Preferred Stock through its redemption on November 13
 2014.

 in which we repurchased approximately 4.8&#160;million shares of our common stock from an investor at $5.25 a share
 which represented approximately 25% of the outstanding common shares immediately before the transaction. Based on the arm&#8217;s length transaction and taking into account the various rights and preferences of the equity securities transacted
 our Board of Directors deemed the fair value of the Series C Preferred Stock to be $5.25. In reaching this determination
 we considered many factors
 including (i)&#160;the Series C Preferred Stock is convertible into common stock at a rate of 1:1
 (ii)&#160;the Series C Preferred Stock dividends are only payable in a liquidation or redemption event and are not considered in the conversion into common stock and (iii)&#160;the Series C Preferred Stock voting rights are equivalent to the voting rights of the common stock. Accordingly
 our Board of Directors believed that the repurchase of our common stock from a third party investor represented a reasonable measure of fair value of our Series C Preferred Stock given the similarities in the terms of the securities.

 we issued an additional 1.1&#160;million shares of Series C Preferred Stock at $5.25 per share. During that period we did not issue any shares of our common stock. Due to no additional arm&#8217;s length transactions during the period
 our Board of Directors considered various objective and subjective factors to determine the fair market value of our Series C Preferred Stock
 including:











































 the Board of Directors determined that the Series C Preferred Stock fair value was unchanged at $5.25.

 we issued additional shares of Series C Preferred Stock totaling 1.4&#160;million at a per share price of $5.25. Given the passage of time since our last third party transaction involving our common stock
 we engaged a third-party valuation specialist to assist us in determining the value our common stock as of February&#160;6
 2014. The common stock valuation was determined using a weighted average enterprise value employing an income and market approach analysis. The income approach uses valuation techniques to convert future cash flows and earnings to a single present value amount. The market approach used the guideline company method
 a valuation technique in which the fair market value is calculated based on market prices realized in actual arm&#8217;s length transactions. The technique consists of undertaking a detailed market analysis of publicly traded companies that provides a reasonable basis for comparison to the relative investment characteristics of the subject company. Valuation ratios
 which relate market prices to selected financial statistics derived from the guideline companies
 are selected and applied to the subject company after consideration of adjustments for financial position
 growth
 markets
 profitability
 and other factors. The enterprise value was weighted using 80% income approach and 20% market approach. The Option Pricing Method (OPM) was then used to allocate enterprise value to each class of equity
 taking into account the relative rights and preferences of each 



 as we were a private company
 there are impediments to liquidity
 including lack of publicly available information and the lack of a trading market. The valuation specialist determined the fair value of our common stock at February&#160;6
 2014 was $0.88 per share. The reduction in the fair value of the common stock we experienced from December&#160;31
 2010 to December&#160;31
 2013 was attributable to (i)&#160;the dividends recognized on the Preferred Series B and C; (ii)&#160;the debt guarantee fees that began in June 2012 and (iii)&#160;significant capital expenditures for both Freshpet Fridges and new manufacturing facility in Bethlehem
 Pennsylvania.

 during April 2014 we issued additional shares of Series C Preferred Stock totaling 0.8&#160;million at a per share price of $5.25. In assessing whether the April 2014 issuance had a beneficial conversion feature
 we noted the new information on hand since the last valuation two months prior on February&#160;6
 2014. Since the last Series C Preferred Stock Valuation
 further progress was made towards an initial public offering
 or IPO
 including interviewing investment banks to underwrite a proposed IPO. We further noted that the first quarter results for 2014 and updated forecast were in line with the forecast that was utilized in the February&#160;6
 2014 valuation report. Based on the updated information on hand
 it was noted that there was not enough new information that would increase the valuation of the common stock above the $5.25 grant price of the April 2014 Series C Preferred Stock issuance.

 Series C Preferred Stock were fair valued immediately prior to their conversion to shares of Common Stock. The Series C Preferred Stock was fair valued utilizing the share price at the date of conversion. The difference between fair value and book value was recorded to net loss attributable to common stockholders.

We account for all share-based compensation payments issued to employees
 directors
 and nonemployees using a fair value method. Accordingly
 share-based compensation expense is measured based on the estimated fair value of the awards on the date of grant
 net of forfeitures. We recognize compensation expense for the portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest over the period during which the recipient renders the required services to us using the straight-line single option method. In accordance with authoritative guidance
 we remeasure the fair value of non-employee share-based awards as the awards vest
 and recognize the resulting value
 if any
 as expense during the period the related services are rendered.

 Assumptions and Methodologies Used in Determining Fair Value

 
 which we refer to as ASC 718. Determining the amount of share-based compensation to be recorded requires us to develop estimates of the fair value of stock options as of their grant date. For service period and performance based options we recognize share-based compensation expense ratably over the requisite service
 which is the vesting period of the award. For exit event options we recognize share-based compensation expense upon the occurrence of an exit event as defined in the option grant agreement. Calculating the fair value of share-based awards requires that we make highly subjective assumptions.

 the expected term of our stock options
 the risk free interest rate for a period that approximates the expected term of our stock options and our expected dividend yield. We utilized our historical stock price as an indicator of volatility for all grants prior to 2013. The grants during 2014 all occurred while the Company was publicly traded.&nbsp;&nbsp;Subsequent to the IPO
 we no longer deemed it appropriate to use historical volatility as it was not representative of the Company&#8217;s stock on the public market.&nbsp;&nbsp;As such expected volatility that was utilized was based upon the volatility of a group of similar entities
 referred to as &#8220;guideline&#8221; companies.&nbsp;&nbsp;



 
 to calculate the expected term of stock option grants to employees as we do not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate the expected term of stock options granted to employees. We utilize a dividend yield of zero based on the fact that we have never paid cash dividends and have no current intention to pay cash dividends. The risk-free interest rate used for each grant is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for instruments with a similar expected life. The weighted-average assumptions used to estimate the fair value of stock options using the Black-Scholes option pricing model were as follows for the years ended December&#160;31
 2014
 2013 and 2012:
























































































































































































 and revise those estimates in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from our estimates. We use historical data to estimate pre-vesting option forfeitures and record share-based compensation expense only for those awards that are expected to vest. To the extent that actual forfeitures differ from our estimates
 the difference is recorded as a cumulative adjustment in the period the estimates were revised. Through December&#160;31
 2014
 actual forfeitures have not been material.

 $1.0 million and $1.1 million for the years ended December&#160;31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012 respectively. As of December&#160;31
 2014
 we had $14.7 million of total unrecognized share-based compensation expense
 which we expect to recognize $7.1 million in 2015
 $6.6 million in 2016
 and $1.0 million in 2017.

 stock-based compensation expense in future periods may differ significantly from what we have recorded in the past. If there is a difference between the assumptions used in determining stock-based compensation expense and the actual factors that become known over time
 we may change the input factors used in determining stock-based compensation expense for future grants. These changes
 if any
 may materially impact our results of operations in the period such changes are made. We expect to continue to grant stock options in the future
 and to the extent that we do
 our actual stock-based compensation expense recognized in future periods will likely increase.
&#8212;On June&#160;8
 2012
 we entered into a Fee and Reimbursement Agreement whereby we and certain investors (the &#8220;Guarantors&#8221;) entered into agreements to guarantee a portion of our payment obligation with respect to the $62.5 Million Revolver
 the Guarantors had determined that the Guarantee was the most advantageous means for protecting or enhancing the value of their existing equity investment and provided the guarantee solely for that purpose. The Guarantors earned a contingent fee equal to 10%&#160;per annum of the amount of the outstanding guarantee by such Guarantor pursuant to the credit agreement in the form of newly issued shares of our Series C Preferred Stock
 par value $0.001 per share
 at a price of $5.25 per share (the &#8220;Guarantee Preferred Stock Fee&#8221;). The Guarantee Preferred Stock Fee accrued only from and after the date that such Guarantor entered into the guarantee. Upon consummation of the IPO
 the fees on debt guarantee were settled in the form of shares of our Series C Preferred Stock at a price of $5.25 per share
 which were subsequently converted into common stock.

 with the change recorded in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss. For all reporting periods prior to the settlement of the fees on debt guarantee
 we used a third party valuation firm to assist us with determining the fair value of the Guarantee Preferred Stock Fee. For the fair valuation immediately prior to the settlement of the guarantee fee we used the Company&#8217;s Common Stock share price.
&#8212;Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in an orderly transaction between market participants at the reporting date. The accounting guidance specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based on whether the inputs to those valuation techniques are observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources
 while unobservable inputs reflect market assumptions. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted 

















Level 2&#8212;Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly (e.g. quoted prices of similar assets or liabilities in active markets
 or quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active). Level 2 includes financial instruments that are valued using models or other valuation methodologies.






Level 3&#8212;Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. Financial instruments are considered Level 3 when their fair values are determined using pricing models
 discounted cash flows or similar techniques and at least one significant model assumption or input is unobservable.

 other receivables
 accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate their fair value based on the short-term maturity of these instruments. The warrant liability is recorded at fair value with changes in fair value reflected in the statement of operations and comprehensive loss.
We compute basic net loss per share of common stock by dividing net loss applicable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period
 excluding the dilutive effects of preferred stock
 warrants and stock options. We compute diluted net loss per share of common stock by dividing the net loss applicable to common stockholders by the sum of the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period plus the potential dilutive effects of preferred stock and stock options outstanding during the period calculated in accordance with the treasury stock method
 but such items are excluded if their effect is anti-dilutive. Because the impact of these items is anti-dilutive during periods of net loss
 there was no difference between our basic and diluted net loss per share of common stock for the years ended December&#160;31
 2014
 2013 and 2012.
In April 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-08
 &#8220;Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity
&#8221; (&#8220;ASU 2014-08&#8221;). Under ASU 2014-08
 only disposals representing a strategic shift in operations that have a major effect on the Company&#8217;s operations and financial results should be presented as discontinued operations. Additionally
 ASU 2014-08 requires expanded disclosures about discontinued operations that will provide financial statement users with more information about the assets
 liabilities
 income
 and expenses of discontinued operations. The amendments in ASU 2014-08 are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December&#160;15
 2014. However
 ASU 2014-08 should not be applied to a component that is classified as held for sale before the effective date even if the component is disposed of after the effective date. Early adoption is permitted
 but only for disposals (or classifications as held for sale) that have not been reported in financial statements previously issued. The effects of ASU 2014-08 will depend on any future disposals by the Company.

 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No.&#160;2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 which requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. The ASU will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in U.S. GAAP when it becomes effective. The new standard is effective for the Company on January&#160;1
 2017. Early application is not permitted. The standard permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. The Company is evaluating the effect that ASU 2014-09 will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. The Company has not yet selected a transition method nor has it determined the effect of the standard on its ongoing financial reporting.


 marketing
 and distribution of pet food and pet treats for dogs and cats.


 among other things
 on our ability to anticipate and react to changes in the costs of key operating resources
 including food and other raw materials
 labor
 energy and other supplies and services. Substantial 



 labor
 and energy costs can significantly affect the profitability of our Company.

 productivity improvements and greater economies of scale
 there can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to do so in the future. From time to time
 competitive conditions could limit our pricing flexibility. In addition
 macroeconomic conditions could make additional price increases imprudent. There can be no assurance that all future cost increases can be offset by increased prices or that increased prices will be fully absorbed by our without any resulting changes in their purchasing patterns.




 2012
 the JOBS Act was enacted. Section&#160;107 of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section&#160;7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words
 an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have irrevocably elected not to avail ourselves of this extended transition period and
 as a result
 we will adopt new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for other public companies.

 among other things
 (i)&#160;provide an auditor&#8217;s attestation report on our systems of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section&#160;404
 (ii)&#160;provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
 (iii)&#160;comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor&#8217;s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis)
 and (iv)&#160;disclose certain executive compensation-related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the Chief Executive Officer&#8217;s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply until we no longer meet the requirements of being an emerging growth company. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of (i)&#160;the end of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the completion of this offering
 (ii)&#160;the first fiscal year after our annual gross revenue are $1.0 billion or more
 (iii)&#160;the date on which we have
 during the previous three year period
 issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities or (iv)&#160;the end of any fiscal year in which the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeded $700 million as of the end of the second quarter of that fiscal year.







 therefore
 subject to price volatility caused by weather
 market conditions and other factors which are not considered predictable or within our control. In many cases
 we believe we will be able to address material commodity cost increases by either increasing prices or reducing operating expenses. However
 increases in commodity prices
 without adjustments to pricing or reduction to operating expenses
 could increase our operating costs as a percentage of our net sales. 







 INC. 














































Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December&#160;31
 2014 and 2013



















Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December&#160;31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012



















Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders&#8217; Equity (Deficit) for the years ended December&#160;31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012



















Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December&#160;31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012










































 Inc. and subsidiary (the Company) as of December 31
 2014 and 2013
 and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss
 changes in stockholders&#8217; equity (deficit)
 and cash flows for&nbsp;&nbsp;each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31
 2014.&nbsp;&nbsp;These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&#8217;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.


 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Freshpet
 Inc. and subsidiary as of December 31
 2014 and 2013
 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31
 2014
 in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.





 New Jersey

 2015









































































259
252








444
754






 less allowance for doubtful accounts of $359
425 on December&#160;31
 2014 and $243
777 on December&#160;31
 2013






360
400








497
596






 net






314
151








512
225












291
379








786












225
182








628
361






 plant and equipment
 net






825
961








764
032












883
234








183
209












527
483








041
622












461
860








617
224




















































423
905








286
720












938
316








907
481












362
221








194
201








































112
312




















000
000




















140
136




















110












940








564












069
161








483
323














































 $0.001 par value
 250
000 shares authorized
 none and 112
160 issued and outstanding on December&#160;31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively














728
450






 $0.001 par value
 20
000
000 and 15
000
000 shares authorized
 none and 11
238
098 issued and outstanding on December&#160;31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively














463
489


























 $0.001 par value
 200
000
000 and 54
000
000 shares authorized
 33
468
342  and 10
421
419 issued and outstanding on December&#160;31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
























468








421












216
882








450
175












857
651








518
634












392
699








058
038












461
860








617
224


























































764
112








150
776








519
461












545
637








957
835








881
333












218
475








192
941








638
128






 GENERAL
 AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES






636
167








573
617








385
319












417
692








380
676








747
191








































793








812








212












937
048








244
700








895
436












613
731








492
442








637
883












879
572








274
954








876
531












297
264








655
630








623
722












753








525








776












339
017








687
155








656
498
























































829












339
017








687
155








632
669












279
893








282
659








609
946




























































































































632
042








415
014








413
467












632
042








415
014








413
467






























































































 DECEMBER 31
 2011






413
467








413








818
666








174
981








829








369
731






932 common stock options to consultants for services























365


























365






438 common stock options to employees as compensation for service






















156
























156




























118
705
























118
705




























638
052
























638
052




























315
396
























315
396












































829








829




































656
498
















656
498






 DECEMBER 31
 2012






413
467








413








017
444








831
479
















803
622






952 shares of common stock for cash






952
















883
























891




























352
























352




























215
230
























215
230




























380
274
























380
274




































687
155
















687
155






 DECEMBER 31
 2013






421
419








421








450
175








518
634
















058
038




























553
985
























553
985




























990
























991




























271
550
























271
550




























014
643
























014
643


























654
683
























654
683












979
167








979








393
700
























405
679












067
090








067








749
908
























760
975




































339
017
















339
017






 DECEMBER 31
 






468
342








468








216
882








857
651
















392
699





















































































339
017








687
155








656
498








































092








653








306












707








436








877












937
048








244
700








895
436












563
976








352








118
705












376












































521












835








540








007












424
813








945
077








728
005












322&#160;








925








028








































870
896








772








599
443












689
091








838
836








428












101
899








530








221












660)








094








891












608
213








770








747
074












975








268








465
611












026
302








241
202








715
925


































 plant and equipment
 software and deposits on equipment






130
947








643
016








395
114












510
















428












877
437








643
016








305
686








































500
000








000
000








000
000












000
000




























998
957




























469








818








418






 net of issuance costs






405
679




































889




















550
984








980
652








103
218












718
237








695
723








762
800




























829












814
498








505








234
982






 BEGINNING OF YEAR






444
754








633
249








868
231






 END OF PERIOD






259
252








444
754








633
249








































702
333








926
355








466
346








































940
876








595
504








953
448






 plant and equipment purchases in accounts payable




959








356








459
680









 INC. &#160;AND SUBSIDIARY



 &#8211; Freshpet
 Inc. (hereafter referred to as &#8220;Freshpet&#8221; or the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 a Delaware corporation
 manufactures and markets natural fresh
 refrigerated meals and treats for dogs and cats. The Company&#8217;s products are distributed throughout the United States and Canada into major retail classes including Grocery and Mass (which includes club) as well as Pet specialty and Natural retail. 


 &#8211; The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
 as determined at a later date
 could differ from those estimates. 

 &#8211; The Company records trade accounts receivable at net realizable value. This value includes an appropriate allowance for estimated uncollectible accounts. On a periodic basis
 the Company evaluates its accounts receivable and establishes an allowance for doubtful accounts based on its history of write-offs and collections and current credit conditions. Accounts receivable are written off when management deems them to be uncollectible. 
 &#8211; Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market
 using the first-in
 first-out method. When necessary
 the Company provides allowances to adjust the carrying value of its inventories to the lower of cost or net realizable value
 including any costs to sell or dispose and consideration for obsolescence
 excessive inventory levels
 product deterioration and other factors in evaluating net realizable value. 
- Deferred offering costs
 which primarily consist of direct incremental legal and accounting fees relating to the initial public offering (&#8220;IPO&#8221;) of the Company&#8217;s common stock are capitalized. The deferred offering costs were offset against IPO proceeds upon the consummation of the offering. We closed our IPO on November&#160;13
 2014. 


 plant and equipment are recorded at cost. The Company provides for depreciation on the straight-line method by charges to income at rates based upon estimated recovery periods of 7 years for furniture and office equipment
 5 years for automotive equipment
 6 &#8211; 9 years for refrigeration equipment
 5 &#8211; 10 years for machinery and equipment
 and 15 &#8211; 39 years for building and improvements. Capitalized cost includes the costs incurred to bring the property
 plant and equipment to the condition and location necessary for its intended use
 which includes any necessary delivery
 electrical and installation cost for equipment. Maintenance and repairs that do not extend the useful life of the assets over two years are charged to expense as incurred. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the term of the related lease or the estimated useful lives on the straight-line method. 
 &#8211; The Company evaluates all long-lived assets for impairment. Long-lived assets are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to estimated undiscounted future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated undiscounted future net cash flows
 an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. Recoverability of assets held for sale is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset or asset group to their fair value less estimated costs to sell. Estimating future cash flows and calculating fair value of assets requires significant estimates and assumptions by management. If the carrying amount is not fully recoverable
 an impairment loss is recognized to reduce the carry amount to fair value
 and is charged to expense in the period of impairment. 
&#8211; The Company provides for deferred income taxes for temporary differences between financial and income tax reporting
 principally net operating loss carryforwards
 depreciation
 and share-based compensation. Deferred 



 INC. &#160;AND SUBSIDIARY



 the deferred tax asset will not be realized. At December&#160;31
 2014 and 2013
 the Company determined that a valuation allowance of approximately 100% is appropriate. 
&#8211; Revenue from product sales is recognized upon shipment to the customers as terms are free on board (FOB) shipping point
 at which point title and risk of loss is transferred and the selling price is fixed or determinable. This completes the revenue-earning process specifically that an arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred
 ownership has transferred
 the price is fixed and collectability is reasonably assured. A provision for payment discounts and product return allowances
 which is estimated based upon the Company&#8217;s historical performance
 management&#8217;s experience and current economic trends
 is recorded as a reduction of sales in the same period that the revenue is recognized. 

 consisting primarily of customer pricing allowances and merchandising funds
 and consumer coupons are offered through various programs to customers and consumers. Sales are recorded net of estimated trade incentive spending
 which is recognized as incurred at the time of sale. Accruals for expected payouts under these programs are included as accrued expense in the consolidated balance sheet. Coupon redemption costs are also recognized as reductions of net sales when the coupons are issued. Estimates of trade promotion expense and coupon redemption costs are based upon programs offered
 timing of those offers
 estimated redemption/usage rates from historical performance
 management&#8217;s experience and current economic trends. 
 &#8211; Advertising costs
 consisting primarily of media ads
 are expensed as incurred. Advertising costs in 2014
 2013
 and 2012 were $14
231
930
 $12
037
402
 and $10
666
163 respectively. 
 &#8211; Costs incurred for shipping and handling are included in selling
 general
 and administrative expenses within the statement of operations and comprehensive loss. Shipping and handling costs primarily consist of costs associated with moving finished products to customers
 including costs associated with distribution center and the cost of shipping products to customers through third-party carriers. Shipping and handling cost totaled $9
447
406
 $6
872
953
 and $5
170
367 for the years ended 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively. 
 &#8211; The Company recognizes share based compensation based on the value of the portion of share-based payment awards that is ultimately expected to vest during the period. Share-based compensation expense recognized in the statement of operations included compensation expense for share based payment awards granted subsequent to December&#160;31
 2006
 based on the grant date fair value estimated. Share awards are amortized under the straight-line method over the requisite service period of the entire award. The Company uses historical data to estimate pre-vesting option forfeitures and record stock based compensation expense only for those awards that are expected to vest. To the extent actual forfeitures differ from the estimates
 the difference will be recorded as a cumulative adjustment in the period that the estimates are revised. 

 whichever is more reliably measurable. 
 &#8211; Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) guidance specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based on whether the inputs to those valuation techniques are observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources
 while unobservable inputs reflect market assumptions. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurement) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurement). 














Level 2 &#8211; Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly (e.g.
 quoted prices of similar assets or liabilities in active markets
 or quoted prices for identical 



 INC. &#160;AND SUBSIDIARY













Level 3 &#8211; Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. Financial instruments are considered Level 3 when their fair values are determined using pricing models
 discounted cash flows or similar techniques and at least one significant model assumption or input is unobservable. 

 other receivables
 accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate their fair value based on the short-term maturity of these instruments. The warrant liability is recorded at fair value with changes in fair value reflected in the statement of operations and comprehensive loss. 

 2014
 the Company only maintained Level 1 assets and liabilities.




 the FASB issued ASU 2014-08
 &#8220;Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity
&#8221; (&#8220;ASU 2014-08&#8221;). Under ASU 2014-08
 only disposals representing a strategic shift in operations that have a major effect on the Company&#8217;s operations and financial results should be presented as discontinued operations. Additionally
 ASU 2014-08 requires expanded disclosures about discontinued operations that will provide financial statement users with more information about the assets
 liabilities
 income
 and expenses of discontinued operations. The amendments in ASU 2014-08 are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December&#160;15
 2014. However
 ASU 2014-08 should not be applied to a component that is classified as held for sale before the effective date even if the component is disposed of after the effective date. Early adoption is permitted
 but only for disposals (or classifications as held for sale) that have not been reported in financial statements previously issued. The effects of ASU 2014-08 will depend on any future disposals by the Company. 

 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No.&#160;2014-09
 &#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&#8221;
 which requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. The ASU will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in U.S. GAAP when it becomes effective. The new standard is effective for the Company on January&#160;1
 2017. Early application is not permitted. The standard permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. The Company is evaluating the effect that ASU 2014-09 will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. The Company has not yet selected a transition method nor has it determined the effect of the standard on its ongoing financial reporting. 











































321
458








431
422












158
967








424












905
219








459
707












385
644








696
553












493








328












314
151








512
225









 INC. &#160;AND SUBSIDIARY


 Plant and Equipment: 

 plant and equipment
 net are summarized as follows: 





































789
991








649
423












677
778








767
207












985
917








892
291












826
249








727
248












962








474
741












941
754








274












885








930












164
536








968
114












338
575








204
082












825
961








764
032





 plant and equipment totaled approximately $6
356
736
 $5
945
077 and $4
593
668 for the years ended December&#160;31
&#160;2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively; of which $2
453
883
 $2
204
282 and $803
654 was recorded in cost of goods sold for 2014
&#160;2013 and 2012
 respectively; with the remainder of depreciation and amortization expense being recorded to selling
 general and administrative expense. 

 the Company made a decision to exit its leased manufacturing facility in Quakertown
 Pennsylvania. The Company recognized accelerated depreciation of approximately $827
370 during 2013 related to the facility assets that were not going to be redeployed at the Company&#8217;s manufacturing facility. These assets were written down to their net realizable value and sold during 2014. The proceeds received from the sale of assets were less than the book value of the assets. 

 the Company completed the construction of a manufacturing facility in Bethlehem
 Pennsylvania. The costs associated with this facility were reclassified from construction in progress to depreciable assets during 2013 when the facility was ready for its intended use. 

 2014
 the Company completed a project to analyze the estimated future years of service on its existing refrigeration equipment. Based on this analysis
 the Company estimates that the useful life of its refrigeration equipment increased from 6 to 9 years. The Company will apply this change in estimate prospectively
 which reduced depreciation by approximately $1.8 million in 2014 and will reduce depreciation by approximately $2.0 million for 2015. The useful life of the other classes of property
 plant and equipment remains unchanged. 
































































































753








525








776










753








525








776






 California
 Indiana
 Pennsylvania and Texas. The Company is no longer subject to U.S. Federal income tax examinations for year ends prior to 2011. With limited exceptions
 the Company is no longer subject to state income tax examinations for year ends prior to 2010. 



 INC. &#160;AND SUBSIDIARY











 
















































 net of federal































































































































































942
144








735
783








034
013


















692
877








670










742
186








028
880








505










605
896








675
683








480










224








026
231








284
161










126
658








808
088








201
829































 the Company considers all relevant positive and negative evidence to determine whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred income tax assets will not be realized. The realization of the gross deferred tax assets is dependent on several factors
 including the generation of sufficient taxable income prior to the expiration of the net operating loss carryforwards. The Company believes that it is more likely than not that the Company&#8217;s deferred income tax assets will not be realized. The Company has experienced taxable losses from inception. As such
 there was a full valuation allowance against the net deferred tax assets as of December&#160;31
 2014 and 2013. 

 2014
 the Company had federal net operating loss (&#8220;NOL&#8221;) carryforwards of $162
996
989 which expire between 2025 and 2034. The Company may be subject to certain limitations in its annual utilization of net operating loss carryforwards to off-set future taxable income pursuant to Section&#160;382 of the Internal Revenue Code
 which could result in NOLs expiring unused. At December&#160;31
 2014
 the Company had $124
504
677 of State NOLs which expire between 2015 and 2034. 

 measure
 recognize and disclose any uncertain income tax provisions taken on their income tax returns. The Company has analyzed its tax positions and has concluded that as of December&#160;31
 2014
 there were no uncertain positions. Interest and penalties
 if any
 as they relate to income taxes assessed
 are included in the income tax provision. There was no income tax related interest and penalties included in the income tax provision for 2014
 2013
 and 2012. 









































732
553








483
771








201
829










605
895








675
683


















126
658








808
088








201
829



































 INC. &#160;AND SUBSIDIARY








































802
756








131
880












679








018












500








064












028




















561








472












792








047












000




















938
316








907
481








 2014
 the Company had no outstanding debt.  The recorded carrying values of our debt balances approximate fair value given our debt is at variable rates tied to market indicators or is short-term in nature. A detailed cash flow related to debt throughout 2014 is summarized in the table below:






























000
000 Revolving Note Payable




000
000




500
000 Revolving Note Payable






500
000












500
000
















000
000 Revolving Note Payable




000
000






500
000 Revolving Note Payable 






500
000






500
000 10% Note




500
000












000
000
















000
000 Credit Facilities






000
000






000
000 Credit Facilities 






000
000






000
000 Convertible Shareholder Note






000
000






000
000 Convertible Shareholder Note






000
000


















 2014 and 2013.







500
000 10% Note 

500
000 of notes issued to certain of its stockholders which accrued interest compounded annually at a rate of 10%. These notes and all accrued interest were initially due on December&#160;23
 2020. Upon consummation of the IPO
 the $1
500
000 10% note and accrued interest of $854
925 were repaid
 and the debt was extinguished. The accrued interest totaled $667
110 at December&#160;31
 2013. 

 for every $16.39 that was borrowed with the notes
 one share of common stock was issued to the lender. As a result
 91
528 shares of common stock were issued and fair value of the stock at issuance
 $6.56 a share
 was recorded as a discount to the debt. The unamortized discount equaled $387
688 at December&#160;31
 2013. Upon repayment of the note
 the entire unamortized discount was recorded as interest expense in the statement of operations and comprehensive loss. 







000
000 Revolving Note Payable 



 INC. &#160;AND SUBSIDIARY


000
000 revolving note payable initially matured on October&#160;31
 2015. Upon consummation of the IPO
 the outstanding $24
000
000 and accrued interest of $198
084 was repaid. The terms of the $27
000
000 revolving note payable were modified to the $40
000
000 Credit Facilities. See section &#8220;d&#8221; below. 

 depending on the election of the Company. Base Rate was defined as the rate of interest publicly quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the &#8220;base rate on corporate loans posted by at least 75% of the nation&#8217;s 30 largest banks.&#8221; If the Company elected to utilize the LIBOR Rate
 it could elect to use a 1
 2
 or 3 month LIBOR Rate with the interest payable upon the last day of the interest period applicable to the Company&#8217;s LIBOR rate election. Interest for the Base Rate loan was payable monthly with the balance of any outstanding advances due at maturity. An unused line of credit fee of 1%
 payable monthly
 was charged for any portion of the line that was not used
 unless at least $3 million was kept on deposit with the bank. 

000
000 at December&#160;31
 2013
 and reached total borrowings of $24
000
000 during 2014 prior to repayment.  







500
000 Revolving Note Payable 

500
000 revolving line of credit agreement initially had a maturity date of May&#160;1
 2016. Upon consummation of the IPO
 $62
500
000 and accrued interest of $198
469 was paid off
 and the debt was extinguished. Upon extinguishment
 the Company recorded the unamortized loan origination fees of $311
458 as interest expense in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss. 

 plus 3.25%) or a Base Rate (Base Rate plus 2.25%). Base rate was defined as the greater of the Prime Rate on the date of the borrowing and the Federal Funds Effective Rate plus 0.5%. Interest on Base Rate Loans were payable monthly
 LIBOR Rate loans were payable at the end of the selected interest rate. This note payable was subordinated to the $15
000
000 revolving note payable except for the first mortgage on the Bethlehem
 Pennsylvania property. The loan agreement provided for the maintenance of certain financial covenants. The Company was in compliance with these requirements throughout the term of the borrowings. Borrowings on this revolving note payable totaled $60
000
000 at December&#160;31
 2013
 and reached total borrowings of $62
500
000 before pay off. 

 the Company entered into a Fee and Reimbursement Agreement with certain stockholders who were also guarantors of the note. See note 11 for further detail. 







000
000 Credit Facilities 

 2014
 the Company entered into senior secured credit facilities comprising a 5-year $18
000
000 term facility (the &#8220;Term Facility&#8221;)
 a 3-year $10
000
000 revolving facility (the &#8220;Revolving Facility&#8221;) and a $12
000
000 additional term loan commitment earmarked primarily for capital expenditures. Upon closing the $40
000
000 Credit Facilities
 the Company had $18
000
000 of aggregate principal amount outstanding under the Term Facility. 

 2014
 the Company repaid the outstanding $18
000
000 million and modified the terms of the $40
000
000 Credit Facilities. The $18
000
000 term facility was extinguished
 the 3-year $10
000
000&#160;Revolving Facility remained unchanged
 and the $12
000
000 term loan commitment earmarked for capital expenditures was increased to $30
000
000. 

 the commitments for the Revolving Facility may be increased up to $10
000
000 subject to certain conditions. 

 either at a base rate or at LIBOR
 in each case
 plus an applicable margin. The initial applicable margin will be 3.75% for base rate loans and 4.75% for LIBOR loans. Thereafter
 subject to the Company&#8217;s leverage ratio
 the applicable base rate margin will vary from 2.75% and 3.75% and the applicable LIBOR rate margin will vary from 3.75% and 4.75%. The loan agreement provides for the maintenance of certain financial covenants. The Company was in compliance with these requirements as of December&#160;31
 2014. 



 INC. &#160;AND SUBSIDIARY








000
000 Convertible Notes 


 2014
 the Company issued $2
000
000 in aggregate principal amount of convertible notes to certain of its stockholders
 which were repaid upon the consummation of the IPO. The convertible notes were issued at 98% of par and were convertible into Series C Preferred Stock at a price of $5.25 per share
 at the option of the holder
 at any time after December 31
 2014.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company did not accrue interest as the convertible notes started to accrue interest on December 7
 2014
 which was after the November 13
 2014 repaid.




&#8211; The Company leases office and manufacturing space under non-cancelable operating leases that expire at various dates through January&#160;31
 2017. As of December&#160;31
 2014
 future minimum rentals due under these leases were as follows: 























318












153












013












484





438
 $481
269
 and $326
523 for the years 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively. 




 2014
 the Company redeemed all the outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock (&#8220;Series B&#8221;)
 including cumulative dividends
 for a cash payment of $34
998
957. Additionally
 immediately prior to the closing of the IPO
 the Company converted the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock (&#8220;Series C&#8221;) to 11
067
090 shares of common stock. Based on the Series C anti-dilutive clause
 the conversion from Series C to common stock was to be equivalent to the 1-to-0.7396 common stock share split that occurred during 2014 in connection with the IPO.&nbsp;&nbsp;The converted Series C included 2
477
756 Series C related to the Fees on Debt Guarantee
 which were converted to 1
832
531 shares of common stock. See note 11 for further detail. 


 on a quarterly basis. The dividend accrued during the years ended 2014
 2013
 and 2012 was $4
271
550
 $4
215
230
 and $3
638
052
 respectively. The total cumulative dividends that were paid on November&#160;13
 2014 upon redemption of the Series B was $23
840
008. 

 subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock dividend
 stock split
 combination or other similar recapitalization with respect to Series C. Accrued dividends were to be payable only when
 and if declared by the Board of Directors. In addition
 holders of Series C were entitled to share ratably in any cash dividends declared and paid on the common stock in an amount per share equal to the amount of the dividend proposed to be paid on a share of common stock multiplied by the number of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Series C. Once the Series C shares were converted to common stock
 the accrued dividends that had not been declared by the Board of Directors were relinquished. Upon conversion none of the accrued dividends had been declared by the Board of Directors. The dividend accrued during the year ended 2013 and 2012 was $4
380
274 and $4
315
396
 respectively. Immediately prior to the conversion of Series C to Common Stock
 the Series C shares were fair valued utilizing the share price at the date of conversion. The difference between fair value and book value of $82
654
683 was recorded to net loss attributable to common stockholders. The difference between fair value and book value was net of $64
341
539 of cash proceeds 



 INC. &#160;AND SUBSIDIARY


 net off issuance costs
 and $19
687
856 of dividend accretion through the settlement date
 of which $7
014
643 was recorded in 2014.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;















 2014 (date of conversion)&#160;




683
790






 net of issuance costs (1)&#160;&#160;




341
539






 2013




672
925










014
643










654
683











 net of issuance costs
 by the company from Series C investors throughout the life of the security.





 and in consideration thereof
 the Company issued to a bank a warrant to purchase up to an aggregate of 61
117 shares of voting common stock of the Company at a purchase price of $6.28 per share. In the event the Company issues additional equity instruments at a purchase price or exercise price lower than the warrant exercise price
 such exercise price shall be adjusted. This warrant was recorded as a liability with adjustments to fair value recorded in the statement of operations. 

 on a net basis
 such that
 without the exchange of any funds
 such holder purchases that number of shares otherwise issuable upon exercise of its warrant less that number of shares having a current market price at the time of exercise equal to the aggregate exercise price that would otherwise have been paid by such holder upon the exercise of the warrant. 

 2014 was $706
940.




500
000 revolving note payable (see note 7)
 the Company entered into a Fee and Reimbursement Agreement with certain stockholders who were also guarantors of the note. That agreement stipulated that the Company would pay each guarantor a contingent fee equal to 10%&#160;per annum of the amount that each guarantor had committed to guarantee. The payment was to be made in the form of newly issued shares of Series C Preferred Stock at the price of $5.25 per share. The fee accrued only from and after the date that the Guarantor entered into the Guarantee
 and if at any time any Guarantor&#8217;s obligation was terminated in full or in part
 the Fee would continue to accrue only with respect to the amount
 if any of such Guarantor&#8217;s remaining commitment under the Credit Agreement. The fee was contingent in that it would become due and payable only if all principal and interest under the credit agreement had been repaid and a Change of Control had occurred. A Change of Control was defined as any sale
 merger
 consolidation
 share exchange
 business combination
 equity issuance
 or other transaction or series of related transactions
 specifically excluding public offerings
 which result in the stockholders immediately prior to the transaction(s) owning collectively less than 50% of the voting control immediately following the transaction(s); or (ii)&#160;any sale
 lease
 exchange
 transfer
 or other disposition of substantially all of the assets
 taken as a whole
 in a single transaction or series of transactions
 excluding sales in the ordinary course of business
 sale/leaseback and corporate restructuring transactions. 

 the Company converted outstanding fees under the guarantee into 2
477
756 shares of Series C
 which were then converted into 1
832
531 shares of common stock. 



 INC. &#160;AND SUBSIDIARY



 and then subsequently into common stock
 the share price of the Company&#8217;s common stock was utilized to fair value the fees on debt guarantee and record the final fees on debt guarantee. 




 2014
 2013
 and 2012 was approximately $1
563
976
 $978
352
 and $1
118
705
 respectively. Cost of goods sold the year ended December&#160;31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012 included share based compensation of approximately $71
669
 $90
614
 and $107
067
 respectively. Selling
 general
 and administrative expense for the year ended December&#160;31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012 included share-based compensation of approximately $1
492
307
 $887
738
 and $1
011
638
 respectively. 

&#8212;In December 2006
 the Company approved the 2006 Stock Plan (the &#8220;2006 Plan&#8221;) under which options to purchase approximately 624
223 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock were granted to employees and affiliates of the Company. These options vest over 5 years. Certain option awards provide for accelerated vesting if there is a change in control (as defined in the 2006 Plan). At December&#160;31
 2014
 there were zero shares available for grant as the plan is frozen. The options granted have maximum contractual terms ranging from 5 to 10 years. 
&#8212;In December 2010
 the Company approved the 2010 Stock Plan (the &#8220;2010 Plan&#8221;) under which options to purchase approximately 2
146
320 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock were granted to employees and affiliates of the Company (in 2012
 the 2010 Plan was amended to allow for option to purchase approximately 2
220
280 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock). These options are either time-based (vest over 4 years)
 performance-based (vest when performance targets are met
 as defined in the stock option grant agreement)
 or vest at the occurrence of an exit event which is defined as a Change of Control in the Company or an initial public offering registered under the Securities Act
 as defined in the stock grant agreement. 

 2014
 the Company made modifications that affected all performance-based awards and all exit-event awards under the 2010 Plan. Performance-based awards were modified to time vested awards that cliff vest over two years. At the time of modification the original performance-based awards vesting criteria was not considered probable. The exit-event awards were modified to performance-based awards. At December&#160;31
 2014 the new performance-based awards vesting criteria is considered probable. The modified awards were fair valued on the modification date. 

&#8212;In November 2014
 the Company approved the 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the &#8220;2014 Plan&#8221;) under which 1
479
200 shares of common stock may be issued or used for reference purposes as awards granted under the 2014 Plan. These awards may be in the form of stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock
 as well as other stock based and cash based awards. As of December&#160;31
 2014
 the stock options granted were either time-based (cliff vest over 3 years) or performance-based (vest when performance targets are met
 as defined in the stock option grant agreement). 

 the Company issued restricted stock units to the board of directors as compensation for their services. The fair value of restricted stock units is based on the share price on the date of grant. These restricted stock units vest over one year
 but are not delivered until the end of the year. The Company will settle these awards by common stock transfer. During 2014 there were 24
166 restricted stock units granted.

 2014
 there were 943
198 shares of common stock available to be issued or used for reference purposes under the 2014 Plan. 



 INC. &#160;AND SUBSIDIARY

A summary of service period stock options outstanding and changes under the plans during the year ended December&#160;31
 2014 is presented below: 


































 2012






095
412








































































953




































719






























 2013






082
740




































585




































753






































































































 2014






018
337
























391
809






 2014






064
565
























914
048





 2013 was $6
559. 

 2014
 and changes during the year ended December&#160;31
 2014
 is presented below: 






















 2013






234




















585 




















753 




















059


































 2014






772













 2014
 there is approximately $7
090
519 of total unrecognized compensation costs related to non-vested service period options
 of which $3
574
546 will be incurred in 2015
 $3
065
920 will be incurred in 2016
 and the remaining $450
053 will be incurred in 2017. 



 INC. &#160;AND SUBSIDIARY

Performance based option vesting is contingent upon the Company achieving certain annual or cumulative revenue goals. A summary of performance-based stock options outstanding and changes under the plans during the year ended December&#160;31
 2014 is presented below: 


































 2012






942




































094




































283






























 2013






753




































585




































693




































753






























 2014






278
























078
163





 2014
 2013
 or 2012. A summary of the nonvested performance-based options as of December&#160;31
 2014
 and changes during the year ended December&#160;31
 2014
 is presented below: 






















 2014






753 




















585 




















693 




















753














 2014






278













 2014
 there is approximately $7
623
690 of total unrecognized compensation costs related to non-vested performance based options
 which would be recognized if and when the contingent vesting criteria is met. Assuming all contingent vesting criteria is met each year
 $3
495
497 will be incurred in 2015
 $3
565
203 will be incurred in 2016
 and $562
990 will be incurred in 2017. As of December&#160;31
 2014
 the achievement of the vesting criteria is considered probable. 
Exit event option vesting is contingent upon an the occurrence of an exit event
 which results from a Change of Control in the Company or an Initial Public Offering of the Company&#8217;s common stock under the Securities Act
 as defined in the option grant agreement. A summary of exit event stock options outstanding and changes under the plans during the year ended December&#160;31
 2014 is presented below: 


































 2012






508




































177




































761






























 2013






924




































231




































693






























 2014





































 INC. &#160;AND SUBSIDIARY


 2013
 or 2012. A summary of the nonvested service period stock options as of December&#160;31
 2014
 and changes during the year ended December&#160;31
 2014
 is presented below: 






















 2014






924 




















231




















693














 2014


















&#8212;The weighted average grant date fair value of options (service period options and performance based options) granted and modified during the year ended December&#160;31
 2014 was $8.35 per share. The weighted average grant date fair value of options granted during the year ended December&#160;31
 2013 and December&#160;31
 2012 were $5.40 and 5.55&#160;per share
 respectively. 
- For the grants during the year ended December&#160;31
 2013 the expected volatility was based on the historical volatility of the Company&#8217;s common stock. 

 2014 all occurred while the Company was publicly traded. Subsequent to the Company&#8217;s IPO on November&#160;6
 2014
 the Company no longer deemed it appropriate to use its historical volatility as the historical volatility was not representative of the Company&#8217;s stock on the public market. As such the expected volatility used is based upon the volatility of a group of similar entities
 referred to as &#8220;guideline&#8221; companies. The Company considered factors such as industry
 stage of life cycle and size in considering these &#8220;guideline&#8221; companies.
- The Company determined the expected term based on the &#8220;shortcut method&#8221; described in FASB ASC 718
 Compensation &#8211; 

The Company has not historically declared dividends
 and no future dividends are expected to be available to benefit option holders. Accordingly
 the Company used an expected dividend yield of zero in the valuation model. 


























































































































































 INC. &#160;AND SUBSIDIARY




 due to the fact that potentially dilutive securities would have an antidilutive effect as the Company incurred a net loss for the year ended December&#160;31
 2014 and 2013. 












































339
017








687
155








656
498












286
193








595
504








953
448












654
683




























279
893








282
659








609
946







 as their effect is antidilutive
 are as follows: 





















































713
455








598
805












220
739








092
604








094
618












117








117








117












281
856








867
176








754
540








754 in 2014
 $196
054 in 2013
 and $180
098 in 2012. 




900
444 in 2014
 and $6
146
245 in 2013
 and $4
882
534 in 2012. Payments made to stockholders for the purchase of raw materials totaled approximately $5
545
835 in 2014
 $4
658
118 in 2013
 and $3
059
658 in 2012. In addition there were payments of $175
399 in 2014
  $678
371 in 2013
 and $707
686 in 2012
 related to rent and associated utilities and maintenance to a stockholder who is also a landlord of one of our locations. The rent and associated utilities and maintenance cost were at market rates. None of the above payments were made to any stockholder who is an employee
 board member
 subsidiary
 or affiliate of the Company. 

500
000 revolving note payable
 certain stockholders were guarantors of the note. The agreement stipulated that the Company will pay each guarantor a contingent fee equal to 10%&#160;per annum of the amount that each guarantor committed to guarantee. Upon consummation of the IPO
 the fees on debt guarantee were paid in the form of Series C shares. See note 11 for further detail. 





 INC. &#160;AND SUBSIDIARY


&#8212;The Company maintains its cash balances in financial institutions which are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250
000 each. At times
 such balances may be in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. 
 &#8211; In 2014
 2013
 and 2012 net sales to one of our distributors which sells directly to three of our customers &#8211; accounted for 22% 28%
 and 20% of our net sales
 respectively. In 2014
 no customer accounted for more than 10% of our net sales while in 2013 and 2012 one customer accounted for 11% and 14%
 respectively
 of our net sales. 
&#8211;The Company purchased approximately 54% of its raw materials from three vendors during 2014
 approximately 56% of its raw materials from three vendors during 2013
 and approximately 58% of its raw materials from three vendors during 2012. 

 approximately 78% from three vendors in 2013
 and approximately 76% from three vendors in 2012. 

 2014
 and approximately 67% of its packaging material from three vendors during the twelve months ended December&#160;31
 2013. 















































212
966








731
873








985
199






 Natural and Other (2)






551
146








418
903








534
262












764
112








150
776








519
461


























 INC. &#160;AND SUBSIDIARY



 2014
 2013
 and 2012 were as follows: 












































































350
197








386
038








519
672








508
205












301
404








328
420








338
419








551












142
223








266
803








483
241








446
750












485
640








771
077








380
254








642
922
































































































885
185








846
366








698
903








720
322












147
240








205
977








182
320








845
139












719
104








253
194








495
643








219
214












751
248








364
129








647
369








519
913
































































































382
537








536
726








226
549








373
649












104
712








517
450








671
886








453
143












388
417








178
740








017
866








071
475












342
042








151
618








020
532








095
754
































































































&#8221; as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act
 that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported
 within the time periods specified in the SEC&#8217;s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include
 without limitation
 controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company&#8217;s management
 including its principal executive and principal financial officers
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

 with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer
 evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December&#160;31
 2014. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December&#160;31
 2014
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that
 as of such date
 our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 




 2014 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting. 


 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 believes that our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and are effective at the reasonable assurance level. However
 our management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further
 the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
 and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision making can be faulty
 and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally
 controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons
 by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events
 and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time
 controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system
 misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 













ITEM&#160;10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

 2014. 




 2014. 




 2014. 


ITEM&#160;13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

 2014. 




 2014. 









ITEM&#160;15. EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

















































 2014)






 2014) 






 dated as of October 5
 2007
 between the Company and City National Bank
 a national banking association (incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1filed on September 12
 2014)






 dated as of April 12
 2013
 among the Company
 the several banks and other lenders from time to time parties to thereto and OneWest Bank
 FSB
 as administrative agent for the lenders (incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1filed on September 12
 2014)






 dated as of May 7
 2013
 among the Company
 the several banks and other lenders from time to time parties thereto and OneWest Bank
 FSB
 as administrative agent for the lenders (incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1filed on September 12
 2014)






 dated as of July 2
 2013
 among the Company
 the several banks and other lenders from time to time parties thereto and OneWest Bank
 FSB
 as administrative agent for the lenders (incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1filed on September 12
 2014)






 dated as of September 30
 2013
 among the Company
 the several banks and other lenders from time to time parties thereto and OneWest Bank
 FSB
 as administrative agent for the lenders (incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1filed on September 12
 2014)






 dated as of May 28
 2014
 among the Company
 the several banks and other lenders from time to time parties thereto and OneWest Bank N.A. (incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 1 to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1filed on October 2
 2014)






 dated as of October 23
 2014
 among the Company
 the several banks and other lenders from time to time parties thereto and OneWest Bank N.A. (incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 2 to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1filed on October 27
 2014)






 dated as of December 23
 2010
 by and between the Company and City National Bank
 a national banking association
 as lender (incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1filed on September 12
 2014)






 dated as of February 9
 2012
 by and between the Company and City National Bank
 a national banking association
 as lender (incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1filed on September 12
 2014)






 dated as of May 2
 2012
 by and between the Company and City National Bank
 a national banking association
 as lender (incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1filed on September 12
 2014)






 dated as of June 8
 2012
 by and between the Company and City National Bank
 a national banking association
 as lender (incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1filed on September 12
 2014)






 dated as of May 3
 2013
 by and between the Company and City National Bank
 a national banking association
 as lender (incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1filed on September 12
 2014)






 dated as of March 14
 2014
 by and between the Company and City National Bank
 a national banking association
 as lender (incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1filed on September 12
 2014)




















 dated as of September 4
 2014
 by and between the Company and City National Bank
 a national banking association
 as lender (incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1filed on September 12
 2014)






 dated as of October 23
 2014
 by and between the Company and City National Bank
 a national banking association
 as lender (incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 2 to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1filed on October 27
 2014)






 a national banking association
 as the arranger and administrative agent
 OneWest Bank
 as syndication agent
 and the lenders thereto (incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on November 19
 2014)






 a national banking association
 as the arranger and administrative agent
 and the lenders thereto (incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on December 29
 2014)






 a national banking association
 as the arranger and administrative agent
 and the lenders thereto






 a national banking association
 as the arranger and administrative agent
 and the lenders thereto






 Inc. 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s Registration on Form S-8 filed on December 12
 2014)






 Inc. 2010 Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s Registration on Form S-8 filed on December 12
 2014)






 Inc. 2006 Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s Registration on Form S-8 filed on December 12
 2014)






 Inc. 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 2 to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1filed on October 27
 2014)






 Inc. 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 2 to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1filed on October 27
 2014)






 Inc. 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 2 to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1filed on October 27
 2014)






 Inc. 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 2 to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1filed on October 27
 2014)






 Inc. 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 2 to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1filed on October 27
 2014)






 Inc. Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy (incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 3 to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1filed on November 4
 2014)






 Inc.
 dated as of December 23
 2010 (incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1filed on September 12
 2014)






 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 3 to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1filed on November 4
 2014)






 Inc. dated as of October 25
 2006 (incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1filed on September 12
 2014) 




















 Inc. dated as of January 6
 2009 (incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1filed on September 12
 2014)






 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 3 to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1filed on November 4
 2014)






 Inc. dated as of October 25
 2006 (incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1filed on September 12
 2014)






 Inc. dated as of January 6
 2009 (incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1filed on September 12
 2014)






 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 3 to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1filed on November 4
 2014) 






 Inc. and each of its directors and executive officers (incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 3 to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1filed on November 4
 2014)






 2014)






 Inc. and the other parties thereto dated as of April 15
 2013 (incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1filed on September 12
 2014)






 Inc. and the other parties thereto dated as of October 9
 2013 (incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1filed on September 12
 2014)






 Inc. and the other parties thereto dated as of April 7
 2014 (incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1filed on September 12
 2014)






 Inc. and the other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 3 to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1filed on November 4
 2014)






 Inc. and Freshpet
 Inc. dated as of January 6
 2009 (incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 2 to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1filed on October 27
 2014)






 Inc. and Freshpet
 Inc. dated as of August 8
 2014 (incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 2 to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1filed on October 27
 2014)






 2014)






 2014)
























































































 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized on March 31
 2015.

 INC.




 with full power of substitution and resubstitution
 for him and in his name
 place and stead
 in any and all capacities
 to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 and to file the same
 with all exhibits thereto
 and other documents in connection therewith
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith
 as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person
 hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent or his substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on March 31
 2015.









































































































































































&#8221;)
 dated as of February 10
 2015 is entered into by and among
 on the lenders identified on the signature pages hereof (such lenders
 together with their respective successors and permitted assigns
&#8221;)
 
&#8221;)
 as the arranger and administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity
 together with its successors and assigns in such capacity
&#8221;)


&#8221;)
 and in light of the following:


 Borrower
 Agent and the Lenders are parties to that certain Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement
 dated as of November 13
 2014 (as amended
 restated
 supplemented
 or otherwise modified from time to time
 the &#8220;




 and (b) consent to the extension of the Control Agreement Deadline; and 


 Agent and the Lenders are willing to accommodate Borrower&#8217;s requests.


 in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants herein contained
 and for other good and valuable consideration
 the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged
 the parties hereby agree as follows:


.&nbsp;&nbsp;The provisions of the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents to the contrary notwithstanding
 below
 Agent and Lenders hereby extend the Control Agreement Deadline to March 12
 2015.

 below
 



Agent shall have received this Amendment
 duly executed by the parties hereto
 and the same shall be in full force and effect.



The representations and warranties herein and in the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all respects on and as of the date hereof
 as though made on such date (except to the extent that such representations and warranties relate solely to an earlier date).

No injunction
 writ
 restraining order
 or other order of any nature prohibiting
 directly or indirectly
 the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein shall have been issued and remain in force by any Governmental Authority against Borrower or Agent.



All other documents and legal matters in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Amendment shall have been delivered
 executed
 or recorded and shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent.



It (i) is duly organized and existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization
 (ii) is qualified to do business in any state where the failure to be so qualified reasonably could be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change
 and (iii) has all requisite power and authority to own and operate its properties
 to carry on its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted
 to enter into the Loan Documents to which it is a party and to carry out the transactions contemplated thereby. 

The execution
 delivery
 and performance by it of this Amendment and the performance by it of each Loan Document to which it is or will be a party (i) have been duly authorized by all necessary action
 and (ii) do not and will not (A) violate any material provision of federal
 state or local law
 rule or regulation
 or any order
 judgment
 decree
 writ
 injunction or award of any arbitrator
 court or governmental authority finding on it or its Subsidiaries
 the Governing Documents of it or its Subsidiaries
 or any order
 judgment or decree of any court or other Governmental Authority binding on it or its Subsidiaries
 (B) conflict with
 result in a breach of
 or constitute (with due notice or lapse of time or both) a default under any material contractual obligation of it or its Subsidiaries
 except to the extent that any such conflict
 breach or default could not individually or in the aggregate reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change
 (C) result in or require the creation or imposition of any Lien of any nature whatsoever upon any properties or assets of Borrower
 other than Permitted Liens
 or (D) require any approval of Borrower&#8217;s interestholders or any approval or consent of any Person under any material contractual obligation of Borrower
 other than consents or approvals that have been obtained and that are still in force and effect and except
 in the case of a material contractual obligation
 for consents or approvals
 the failure to obtain could not individually or in the aggregate reasonably be expected to cause a Material Adverse Change.

The execution
 delivery and performance by Borrower of the Loan Documents and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents do not and will not require any registration with
 consent
 or approval of
 or notice to
 or other action with or by
 any Governmental Authority or any other Person
 other than consents or approvals that have been obtained and that are still in force and effect. 

This Amendment is
 and each other Loan Document to which it is or will be a party
 when executed and delivered by each Person that is a party thereto
 will be the legally valid and binding obligation of such Person
 enforceable against such Person in accordance with its respective terms
 except as enforcement may be limited by equitable principles or by bankruptcy
 insolvency
 reorganization
 moratorium or similar laws relating to or limiting creditors&#8217; rights generally.



No injunction
 writ
 restraining order
 or other order of any nature prohibiting
 directly or indirectly
 the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein has been issued and remains in force by any Governmental Authority against Borrower or any member of the Lender Group.

No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing as of the date of the effectiveness of this Amendment
 and no condition exists which constitutes a Default or an Event of Default.

The representations and warranties set forth in this Amendment
 the Loan Agreement
 as amended by this Amendment
 and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party are true and correct in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representation or warranty to the extent that such representation or warranty is qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof
 in which case such representation and warranties shall be true in all respects) on and as of the date hereof
 as though made on such date (except to the extent that such representations and warranties relate solely to an earlier date.)

This Amendment has been entered into without force or duress
 of the free will of Borrower
 and the decision of Borrower to enter into this Amendment is a fully informed decision and Borrower is aware of all legal and other ramifications of each decision. 

It has read and understands this Amendment
 has consulted with and been represented by independent legal counsel of its own choosing in negotiations for and the preparation of this Amendment
 has read this Amendment in full and final form
 and has been advised by its counsel of its rights and obligations hereunder and thereunder. 

.&nbsp;&nbsp;Borrower shall pay to Agent all reasonable and documented costs
 out-of-pocket expenses
 fees and charges in connection with the preparation
 negotiation
 execution and delivery of this Amendment and any documents and instruments relating hereto.&nbsp;&nbsp;In addition thereto
 Borrower agrees to reimburse Agent on demand for its reasonable and documented costs arising out of this Amendment and all documents or instruments relating hereto (which costs may include the reasonable fees and expenses of any attorneys retained by Agent).

.&nbsp;&nbsp;This Amendment and the rights of the parties hereunder
 shall be governed by
 and construed in accordance with
 the laws of the State of California applicable to contracts made and to be performed in the State of California.

.&nbsp;&nbsp; This Amendment cannot be altered
 amended
 changed or modified in any respect or particular unless each such alteration
 amendment
 change or modification shall have been agreed to by each of the parties and reduced to writing in its entirety and signed and delivered by each party.

.&nbsp;&nbsp;This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts
 all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument
 and any of the parties hereto may execute this Amendment by signing any such counterpart.&nbsp;&nbsp;Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Amendment by telefacsimile or electronic mail shall be equally as effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Amendment.&nbsp;&nbsp;Any party delivering an executed counterpart of this Amendment by telefacsimile or electronic mail also shall deliver an original executed counterpart of this Amendment
 but the failure to deliver an original executed counterpart shall not affect the validity
 enforceability
 and binding effect of this Amendment.



The Loan Agreement
 as amended hereby
 and each of the other Loan Documents shall be and remain in full force and effect in accordance with their respective terms and hereby are ratified and confirmed in all respects.&nbsp;&nbsp;The execution
 delivery
 and performance of this Amendment shall not operate
 



 as a modification or waiver of any right
 power
 or remedy of any member of the Lender Group under the Loan Agreement or any other Loan Document.&nbsp;&nbsp;The waivers
 consents and modifications herein are limited to the specifics hereof (including facts or occurrences on which the same are based)
 shall not apply with respect to any facts or occurrences other than those on which the same are based
 shall not excuse any non-compliance with the Loan Documents
 and shall not operate as a consent to any matter under the Loan Documents.&nbsp;&nbsp;Except for the amendments to the Loan Agreement expressly set forth herein
 the Loan Agreement
 the other Loan Documents and the other Schedules thereto shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect.&nbsp;&nbsp;The execution
 delivery and performance of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of or
 except as expressly set forth herein
 as an amendment of
 any right
 power or remedy of any member of the Lender Group in effect prior to the date hereof.&nbsp;&nbsp;The amendments and waivers set forth herein are limited to the specifics hereof
 shall not apply with respect to any facts or occurrences other than those on which the same are based
 and except as expressly set forth herein
 shall neither excuse any future non-compliance with the Loan Agreement
 nor operate as a waiver of any Default or Event of Default.&nbsp;&nbsp;To the extent any terms or provisions of this Amendment conflict with those of the Loan Agreement or other Loan Documents
 the terms and provisions of this Amendment shall control.

Upon and after the effectiveness of this Amendment
 each reference in the Loan Agreement to &#8220;this Agreement&#8221;
 &#8220;hereunder&#8221;
 &#8220;herein&#8221;
 &#8220;hereof&#8221; or words of like import referring to the Loan Agreement
 and each reference in the other Loan Documents to &#8220;the Loan Agreement&#8221;
 &#8220;thereunder&#8221;
 &#8220;therein&#8221;
 &#8220;thereof&#8221; or words of like import referring to the Loan Agreement
 shall mean and be a reference to the Loan Agreement as modified and amended hereby.

To the extent that any terms and conditions in any of the Loan Documents shall contradict or be in conflict with any terms or conditions of the Loan Agreement
 such terms and conditions are hereby deemed modified or amended accordingly to reflect the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement as modified or amended hereby.



Unless the context of this Amendment clearly requires otherwise
 references to the plural include the singular
 references to the singular include the plural
 the terms &#8220;includes&#8221; and &#8220;including&#8221; are not limiting
 and the term &#8220;or&#8221; has
 except where otherwise indicated
 the inclusive meaning represented by the phrase &#8220;and/or&#8221;.&nbsp;&nbsp;

.&nbsp;&nbsp;This Amendment
 and terms and provisions hereof
 the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire understanding and agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any and all prior or contemporaneous amendments or understandings with respect to the subject matter hereof
 whether express or implied
 oral or written.&nbsp;&nbsp;

.&nbsp;&nbsp;This Amendment
 together with the other Loan Documents
 incorporates all negotiations of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and is the final expression and agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof.



Effective on the date hereof
 each of Borrower and
 for itself and on behalf of its successors
 assigns
 and officers
 directors
 employees
 agents and attorneys
 and any Person acting for or on behalf of
 or claiming through such Person
 hereby waives
 releases
 remises and forever discharges each member of the Lender Group
 each of their respective Affiliates
 and each of their respective successors in title
 past
 present and future officers
 directors
 employees
 limited partners
 general partners
 investors
 attorneys
 assigns
 subsidiaries
 shareholders
 trustees
&#8221; and collectively
 the &#8220;Releasees&#8221;)
 from any 



 present and future claims
 suits
 liens
 lawsuits
 adverse consequences
 amounts paid in settlement
 debts
 deficiencies
 diminution in value
 disbursements
 demands
 obligations
 liabilities
 causes of action
 damages
 losses
 costs and expenses of any kind or character
&nbsp;&nbsp;whether based in equity
 law
 contract
 tort
 implied or express warranty
 strict liability
&#8221; and collectively
&#8221;)
 whether known or unknown
 fixed or contingent
 direct
 indirect
 or derivative
 asserted or unasserted
 matured or unmatured
 foreseen or unforseen
 past or present
 liquidated or unliquidated
 suspected or unsuspected
 which Borrower ever had from the beginning of the world
 now has
 or might hereafter have against any such Releasee which relates
 directly or indirectly to the Loan Agreement
 any other Loan Document
 or to any acts or omissions of any such Releasee with respect to the Loan Agreement or any other Loan Document
 or to the lender-borrower relationship evidenced by the Loan Documents
 except for the duties and obligations set forth in this Amendment.&nbsp;&nbsp;As to each and every claim released hereunder
 Borrower hereby represents that it has received the advice of legal counsel with regard to the releases contained herein
 and having been so advised
 specifically waives the benefit of the provisions of Section 1542 of the Civil Code of California which provides as follows:

A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release
 which if known by him or her must have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor

Borrower acknowledges that it may hereafter discover facts different from or in addition to those now known or believed to be true with respect to such claims
 demands
 or causes of action and agrees that this instrument shall be and remain effective in all respects notwithstanding any such differences or additional facts.&nbsp;&nbsp;Borrower understands
 acknowledges and agrees that the release set forth above may be pleaded as a full and complete defense and may be used as a basis for an injunction against any action
 suit or other proceeding which may be instituted
 prosecuted or attempted in breach of the provisions of such release.&nbsp;&nbsp;

Borrower
 for itself and on behalf of its successors
 assigns
 and officers
 directors
 employees
 agents and attorneys
 and any Person acting for or on behalf of
 or claiming through it
 hereby absolutely
 unconditionally and irrevocably
 covenants and agrees with and in favor of each Releasee above that it will not sue (at law
 in equity
 in any regulatory proceeding or otherwise) any Releasee on the basis of any claim released
 remised and discharged by such Person pursuant to the above release.&nbsp;&nbsp;Borrower further agrees that it shall not dispute the validity or enforceability of the Loan Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or any of its obligations thereunder
 or the validity
 priority
 enforceability or the extent of Agent&#8217;s Lien on any item of Collateral under the Loan Agreement or the other Loan Documents.&nbsp;&nbsp;If Borrower or any of its successors
 assigns
 or officers
 directors
 employees
 agents or attorneys
 or any Person acting for or on behalf of
 or claiming through it violate the foregoing covenant
 such Person
 for itself and its successors
 assigns and legal representatives
 agrees to pay
 in addition to such other damages as any Releasee may sustain as a result of such violation
 all attorneys&#8217; fees and costs incurred by such Releasee as a result of such violation.&nbsp;&nbsp;



.&nbsp;&nbsp;Borrower hereby acknowledges
 confirms and agrees that Agent
 for the benefit of the Lender Group
 has and shall continue to have valid
 enforceable and perfected first-priority liens upon and security interests in the Collateral granted to Agent
 for the benefit of the Lender Group
 pursuant to the Loan Documents or otherwise granted to or held by Agent.

.&nbsp;&nbsp;Borrower hereby acknowledges that the parties hereto have not entered into a mutual disregard of the terms and provisions of the Loan Agreement or the other Loan Documents
 or engaged in any course of dealing in variance with the terms and provisions of the Loan 



 within the meaning of any applicable law of the State of California
 or otherwise.

.&nbsp;&nbsp;Borrower hereby reaffirms its obligations under each Loan Document to which it is a party.&nbsp;&nbsp;Borrower hereby further ratifies and reaffirms the validity and enforceability of all of the liens and security interests heretofore granted
 pursuant to and in connection with any Loan Document to Agent
 for the benefit of the Lender Group
 as collateral security for the obligations under the Loan Documents in accordance with their respective terms
 and acknowledges that all of such liens and security interests
 and all collateral heretofore pledged as security for such obligations
 continues to be and remain collateral for such obligations from and after the date hereof. 

.&nbsp;&nbsp;Borrower hereby restates
 ratifies and reaffirms each and every term and condition set forth in the Loan Agreement and the Loan Documents effective as of the date hereof and as amended hereby. 

.&nbsp;&nbsp;In case any provision in this Amendment shall be invalid
 illegal or unenforceable
 such provision shall be severable from the remainder of this Amendment and the validity
 legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.




IN WITNESS WHEREOF
 the parties have entered into this Amendment as of the date first above written.


 INC.













 as Agent and as a Lender








 as a Lender




















&#8221;)
 dated as of March 11
 2015 is entered into by and among
 on the lenders identified on the signature pages hereof (such lenders
 together with their respective successors and permitted assigns
&#8221;)
 
&#8221;)
 as the arranger and administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity
 together with its successors and assigns in such capacity
&#8221;)


&#8221;)
 and in light of the following:


 Borrower
 Agent and the Lenders are parties to that certain Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement
 dated as of November 13
 2014 (as amended
 restated
 supplemented
 or otherwise modified from time to time
 the &#8220;




 and (b) consent to the extension of the Control Agreement Deadline; and 


 Agent and the Lenders are willing to accommodate Borrower&#8217;s requests.


 in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants herein contained
 and for other good and valuable consideration
 the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged
 the parties hereby agree as follows:


.&nbsp;&nbsp;The provisions of the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents to the contrary notwithstanding
 below
 Agent and Lenders hereby extend the Control Agreement Deadline to April 11
 2015.

 below
 



Agent shall have received this Amendment
 duly executed by the parties hereto
 and the same shall be in full force and effect.



The representations and warranties herein and in the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all respects on and as of the date hereof
 as though made on such date (except to the extent that such representations and warranties relate solely to an earlier date).

No injunction
 writ
 restraining order
 or other order of any nature prohibiting
 directly or indirectly
 the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein shall have been issued and remain in force by any Governmental Authority against Borrower or Agent.



All other documents and legal matters in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Amendment shall have been delivered
 executed
 or recorded and shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent.



It (i) is duly organized and existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization
 (ii) is qualified to do business in any state where the failure to be so qualified reasonably could be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change
 and (iii) has all requisite power and authority to own and operate its properties
 to carry on its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted
 to enter into the Loan Documents to which it is a party and to carry out the transactions contemplated thereby. 

The execution
 delivery
 and performance by it of this Amendment and the performance by it of each Loan Document to which it is or will be a party (i) have been duly authorized by all necessary action
 and (ii) do not and will not (A) violate any material provision of federal
 state or local law
 rule or regulation
 or any order
 judgment
 decree
 writ
 injunction or award of any arbitrator
 court or governmental authority finding on it or its Subsidiaries
 the Governing Documents of it or its Subsidiaries
 or any order
 judgment or decree of any court or other Governmental Authority binding on it or its Subsidiaries
 (B) conflict with
 result in a breach of
 or constitute (with due notice or lapse of time or both) a default under any material contractual obligation of it or its Subsidiaries
 except to the extent that any such conflict
 breach or default could not individually or in the aggregate reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change
 (C) result in or require the creation or imposition of any Lien of any nature whatsoever upon any properties or assets of Borrower
 other than Permitted Liens
 or (D) require any approval of Borrower&#8217;s interestholders or any approval or consent of any Person under any material contractual obligation of Borrower
 other than consents or approvals that have been obtained and that are still in force and effect and except
 in the case of a material contractual obligation
 for consents or approvals
 the failure to obtain could not individually or in the aggregate reasonably be expected to cause a Material Adverse Change.

The execution
 delivery and performance by Borrower of the Loan Documents and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents do not and will not require any registration with
 consent
 or approval of
 or notice to
 or other action with or by
 any Governmental Authority or any other Person
 other than consents or approvals that have been obtained and that are still in force and effect. 

This Amendment is
 and each other Loan Document to which it is or will be a party
 when executed and delivered by each Person that is a party thereto
 will be the legally valid and binding obligation of such Person
 enforceable against such Person in accordance with its respective terms
 except as enforcement may be limited by equitable principles or by bankruptcy
 insolvency
 reorganization
 moratorium or similar laws relating to or limiting creditors&#8217; rights generally.



No injunction
 writ
 restraining order
 or other order of any nature prohibiting
 directly or indirectly
 the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein has been issued and remains in force by any Governmental Authority against Borrower or any member of the Lender Group.

No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing as of the date of the effectiveness of this Amendment
 and no condition exists which constitutes a Default or an Event of Default.

The representations and warranties set forth in this Amendment
 the Loan Agreement
 as amended by this Amendment
 and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party are true and correct in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representation or warranty to the extent that such representation or warranty is qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof
 in which case such representation and warranties shall be true in all respects) on and as of the date hereof
 as though made on such date (except to the extent that such representations and warranties relate solely to an earlier date.)

This Amendment has been entered into without force or duress
 of the free will of Borrower
 and the decision of Borrower to enter into this Amendment is a fully informed decision and Borrower is aware of all legal and other ramifications of each decision. 

It has read and understands this Amendment
 has consulted with and been represented by independent legal counsel of its own choosing in negotiations for and the preparation of this Amendment
 has read this Amendment in full and final form
 and has been advised by its counsel of its rights and obligations hereunder and thereunder. 

.&nbsp;&nbsp;Borrower shall pay to Agent all reasonable and documented costs
 out-of-pocket expenses
 fees and charges in connection with the preparation
 negotiation
 execution and delivery of this Amendment and any documents and instruments relating hereto.&nbsp;&nbsp;In addition thereto
 Borrower agrees to reimburse Agent on demand for its reasonable and documented costs arising out of this Amendment and all documents or instruments relating hereto (which costs may include the reasonable fees and expenses of any attorneys retained by Agent).

.&nbsp;&nbsp;This Amendment and the rights of the parties hereunder
 shall be governed by
 and construed in accordance with
 the laws of the State of California applicable to contracts made and to be performed in the State of California.

.&nbsp;&nbsp; This Amendment cannot be altered
 amended
 changed or modified in any respect or particular unless each such alteration
 amendment
 change or modification shall have been agreed to by each of the parties and reduced to writing in its entirety and signed and delivered by each party.

.&nbsp;&nbsp;This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts
 all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument
 and any of the parties hereto may execute this Amendment by signing any such counterpart.&nbsp;&nbsp;Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Amendment by telefacsimile or electronic mail shall be equally as effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Amendment.&nbsp;&nbsp;Any party delivering an executed counterpart of this Amendment by telefacsimile or electronic mail also shall deliver an original executed counterpart of this Amendment
 but the failure to deliver an original executed counterpart shall not affect the validity
 enforceability
 and binding effect of this Amendment.



The Loan Agreement
 as amended hereby
 and each of the other Loan Documents shall be and remain in full force and effect in accordance with their respective terms and hereby are ratified and confirmed in all respects.&nbsp;&nbsp;The execution
 delivery
 and performance of this Amendment shall not operate
 



 as a modification or waiver of any right
 power
 or remedy of any member of the Lender Group under the Loan Agreement or any other Loan Document.&nbsp;&nbsp;The waivers
 consents and modifications herein are limited to the specifics hereof (including facts or occurrences on which the same are based)
 shall not apply with respect to any facts or occurrences other than those on which the same are based
 shall not excuse any non-compliance with the Loan Documents
 and shall not operate as a consent to any matter under the Loan Documents.&nbsp;&nbsp;Except for the amendments to the Loan Agreement expressly set forth herein
 the Loan Agreement
 the other Loan Documents and the other Schedules thereto shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect.&nbsp;&nbsp;The execution
 delivery and performance of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of or
 except as expressly set forth herein
 as an amendment of
 any right
 power or remedy of any member of the Lender Group in effect prior to the date hereof.&nbsp;&nbsp;The amendments and waivers set forth herein are limited to the specifics hereof
 shall not apply with respect to any facts or occurrences other than those on which the same are based
 and except as expressly set forth herein
 shall neither excuse any future non-compliance with the Loan Agreement
 nor operate as a waiver of any Default or Event of Default.&nbsp;&nbsp;To the extent any terms or provisions of this Amendment conflict with those of the Loan Agreement or other Loan Documents
 the terms and provisions of this Amendment shall control.

Upon and after the effectiveness of this Amendment
 each reference in the Loan Agreement to &#8220;this Agreement&#8221;
 &#8220;hereunder&#8221;
 &#8220;herein&#8221;
 &#8220;hereof&#8221; or words of like import referring to the Loan Agreement
 and each reference in the other Loan Documents to &#8220;the Loan Agreement&#8221;
 &#8220;thereunder&#8221;
 &#8220;therein&#8221;
 &#8220;thereof&#8221; or words of like import referring to the Loan Agreement
 shall mean and be a reference to the Loan Agreement as modified and amended hereby.

To the extent that any terms and conditions in any of the Loan Documents shall contradict or be in conflict with any terms or conditions of the Loan Agreement
 such terms and conditions are hereby deemed modified or amended accordingly to reflect the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement as modified or amended hereby.



Unless the context of this Amendment clearly requires otherwise
 references to the plural include the singular
 references to the singular include the plural
 the terms &#8220;includes&#8221; and &#8220;including&#8221; are not limiting
 and the term &#8220;or&#8221; has
 except where otherwise indicated
 the inclusive meaning represented by the phrase &#8220;and/or&#8221;.&nbsp;&nbsp;

.&nbsp;&nbsp;This Amendment
 and terms and provisions hereof
 the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire understanding and agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any and all prior or contemporaneous amendments or understandings with respect to the subject matter hereof
 whether express or implied
 oral or written.&nbsp;&nbsp;

.&nbsp;&nbsp;This Amendment
 together with the other Loan Documents
 incorporates all negotiations of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and is the final expression and agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof.



Effective on the date hereof
 each of Borrower and
 for itself and on behalf of its successors
 assigns
 and officers
 directors
 employees
 agents and attorneys
 and any Person acting for or on behalf of
 or claiming through such Person
 hereby waives
 releases
 remises and forever discharges each member of the Lender Group
 each of their respective Affiliates
 and each of their respective successors in title
 past
 present and future officers
 directors
 employees
 limited partners
 general partners
 investors
 attorneys
 assigns
 subsidiaries
 shareholders
 trustees
&#8221; and collectively
 the &#8220;Releasees&#8221;)
 from any 



 present and future claims
 suits
 liens
 lawsuits
 adverse consequences
 amounts paid in settlement
 debts
 deficiencies
 diminution in value
 disbursements
 demands
 obligations
 liabilities
 causes of action
 damages
 losses
 costs and expenses of any kind or character
&nbsp;&nbsp;whether based in equity
 law
 contract
 tort
 implied or express warranty
 strict liability
&#8221; and collectively
&#8221;)
 whether known or unknown
 fixed or contingent
 direct
 indirect
 or derivative
 asserted or unasserted
 matured or unmatured
 foreseen or unforseen
 past or present
 liquidated or unliquidated
 suspected or unsuspected
 which Borrower ever had from the beginning of the world
 now has
 or might hereafter have against any such Releasee which relates
 directly or indirectly to the Loan Agreement
 any other Loan Document
 or to any acts or omissions of any such Releasee with respect to the Loan Agreement or any other Loan Document
 or to the lender-borrower relationship evidenced by the Loan Documents
 except for the duties and obligations set forth in this Amendment.&nbsp;&nbsp;As to each and every claim released hereunder
 Borrower hereby represents that it has received the advice of legal counsel with regard to the releases contained herein
 and having been so advised
 specifically waives the benefit of the provisions of Section 1542 of the Civil Code of California which provides as follows:

A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release
 which if known by him or her must have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor

Borrower acknowledges that it may hereafter discover facts different from or in addition to those now known or believed to be true with respect to such claims
 demands
 or causes of action and agrees that this instrument shall be and remain effective in all respects notwithstanding any such differences or additional facts.&nbsp;&nbsp;Borrower understands
 acknowledges and agrees that the release set forth above may be pleaded as a full and complete defense and may be used as a basis for an injunction against any action
 suit or other proceeding which may be instituted
 prosecuted or attempted in breach of the provisions of such release.&nbsp;&nbsp;

Borrower
 for itself and on behalf of its successors
 assigns
 and officers
 directors
 employees
 agents and attorneys
 and any Person acting for or on behalf of
 or claiming through it
 hereby absolutely
 unconditionally and irrevocably
 covenants and agrees with and in favor of each Releasee above that it will not sue (at law
 in equity
 in any regulatory proceeding or otherwise) any Releasee on the basis of any claim released
 remised and discharged by such Person pursuant to the above release.&nbsp;&nbsp;Borrower further agrees that it shall not dispute the validity or enforceability of the Loan Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or any of its obligations thereunder
 or the validity
 priority
 enforceability or the extent of Agent&#8217;s Lien on any item of Collateral under the Loan Agreement or the other Loan Documents.&nbsp;&nbsp;If Borrower or any of its successors
 assigns
 or officers
 directors
 employees
 agents or attorneys
 or any Person acting for or on behalf of
 or claiming through it violate the foregoing covenant
 such Person
 for itself and its successors
 assigns and legal representatives
 agrees to pay
 in addition to such other damages as any Releasee may sustain as a result of such violation
 all attorneys&#8217; fees and costs incurred by such Releasee as a result of such violation.&nbsp;&nbsp;



.&nbsp;&nbsp;Borrower hereby acknowledges
 confirms and agrees that Agent
 for the benefit of the Lender Group
 has and shall continue to have valid
 enforceable and perfected first-priority liens upon and security interests in the Collateral granted to Agent
 for the benefit of the Lender Group
 pursuant to the Loan Documents or otherwise granted to or held by Agent.

.&nbsp;&nbsp;Borrower hereby acknowledges that the parties hereto have not entered into a mutual disregard of the terms and provisions of the Loan Agreement or the other Loan Documents
 or engaged in any course of dealing in variance with the terms and provisions of the Loan 



 within the meaning of any applicable law of the State of California
 or otherwise.

.&nbsp;&nbsp;Borrower hereby reaffirms its obligations under each Loan Document to which it is a party.&nbsp;&nbsp;Borrower hereby further ratifies and reaffirms the validity and enforceability of all of the liens and security interests heretofore granted
 pursuant to and in connection with any Loan Document to Agent
 for the benefit of the Lender Group
 as collateral security for the obligations under the Loan Documents in accordance with their respective terms
 and acknowledges that all of such liens and security interests
 and all collateral heretofore pledged as security for such obligations
 continues to be and remain collateral for such obligations from and after the date hereof. 

.&nbsp;&nbsp;Borrower hereby restates
 ratifies and reaffirms each and every term and condition set forth in the Loan Agreement and the Loan Documents effective as of the date hereof and as amended hereby. 

.&nbsp;&nbsp;In case any provision in this Amendment shall be invalid
 illegal or unenforceable
 such provision shall be severable from the remainder of this Amendment and the validity
 legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.





IN WITNESS WHEREOF
 the parties have entered into this Amendment as of the date first above written.


 INC.













 as Agent and as a Lender








 as a Lender



















Freshpet
 Inc.:

 2015
 with respect to the consolidated balance sheets of Freshpet Inc. as of December&#160;31
 2014 and 2013
 and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss
 changes in stockholders&#8217; equity (deficit)
 and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December&#160;31
 2014
 which report appears in the December&#160;31
 2014 annual report on Form 10-K of Freshpet Inc. 



 New Jersey
 2015

















 Richard Thompson
 certify that: 
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Freshpet
 Inc.; 
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting; and 
The registrant&#8217;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#8217;s auditors and the 


All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and 
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting. 

 2015






















 Richard Kassar
 certify that: 
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Freshpet
 Inc.; 
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting; and 
The registrant&#8217;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#8217;s auditors and the 


All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and 
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting. 

 2015


















 

 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2014
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#8220;Report&#8221;)
 each of the undersigned officers of the Company certifies
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &#167; 1350
 as adopted pursuant to &#167; 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that
 to such officer&#8217;s knowledge: 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Report. 

 2015















begin 644 g201503312047359632371.jpg

#`P
!PD.#PT
#@L
#`S_

#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
M#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H`#`,!``(1`Q$`/P#]_****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*

M:\47]JYSKBQMI^RW\P(Q\[H
\GI7P?&7B5P_PM.C3SJM[-UFU'23VM=NR=DK

MMI17)*

M
/EG'/OGM3OCW\-+GQ3X4MX--B:1K:3S/+7']TCN:\;AG)?$?A?`9OFF-E]8


=*^V\-?%#%5


*R(=RL
@^
MM.K]VC)27-'8^5VT844450!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`
M4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1
M110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%!.!15;6(Y9M)N5A)$S

MOM_V7'N-72=;B*2S:0




(N=%*
IR5XQLE:




M7

MK[#=7+O(L2Y8JOUKP3XI?MU7?C?Q5?7]CI!TU;J9I
+=^9C)SW05YMJW[1'B

M)'ZU\9ZAX\U;5G8W%])

M[4*'WO\`R3/T6^!7[:?A/X9:;JBWUQ+)&TB';&59CP1QEO4BMKQY_P`%./A;











M?1WTJ#R^GJK^N*^!=9UV[\07K7%Y
T\SDLS


WZU^K6**^/Q

JG\2*YFZAF

M.\&@V5A=.





I\4H3:AC:33[QU_#3\+G=2S-/2:/U:

M/(K]/R_


M11%RUW(3M4`9QCG=GCI7YL?\+;\6?]#/X@_\&
W_`
57Z_?\%_QC]AW3O^QK

Z./XK^+I7VKXF\1
QZ
M`:A




M^-KSQM^S'I

MHHHH`****`([JTBO83'-''-&W574
I_`UY3\7?V+/`OQECD74+&2P

M











7FHZ?XBUZWM_$EU/.L
M

/IN!K4HJ90C)6DKH-SY2^.?_!+3PMX]


#2F[V/S4\$_\$D?'NL/'-J%_

9Z=FA]
M4L#P#DV'U]GS/^\[A#`T8]#R?P5^Q?X$\KMM].^U?\`7W'#+W)_YYCUKNK/
MX6^&K)4B\/Z(@4=K&(9_P#':WJ*^HH9?AJ


MTO3H]O3;;(
?I6@B+&@55JHP`!@`4M%=48QCLBPHHHJ@BBB@`HHHH`****


&:_9_P#X+_\`_)CNG_\`8UV?_I/=
M5^
%?F_%7^_?)'YMQ3_OWR1ZE^QC_P`G#:#_`-?


[Y8+PK



QMH'(86R




FOK^+08_%'PRCTV;_5:AI@MGXS\



M_P#_`
F.Z?\`]C79_P#I/=5^

M`*^8?_1T=?T61?ZM?H*_F=^''CRZ^&OBZUUBT#&XM'5U`;;RK!AS@_W?2OL)


_P#!;_XA:EXDT^WDM[SR[BYC
MB?\`XF

GFOD3]FK]MG3_@9^P=I_B/Q5=JRZ;%:6

M;3=
M]7OKZ
D6..6`X8@\A_:O`_$O_``7]UX[/[)T^RZ_-Y]AV]L25^;6/

M(L=5E:+MY(_;#_@F?^W7XD_;1T?5;[5K.UAM]/O3:[X+8QC_`%2N

M


M%CV;FOM8X[ZE@HU



ML
JDX(%=M7\Y/[
_[5'BK]ESQC'JOAV^N+=
EI88V5?-)4KG+(V
`^E?NQ^Q
MK^UMH_[7/PGM/$&GK';W#M)'+;+*TNS8VTMN*)U/;%?39+GL
:N26DUT[^A]



MQ[2=

M$6OB5\(89KC08;SQ;8VZF22=8(+
*H4ECAIV/&/UJ*DL^HKGFG;Y/\$V34EG




D


M%_



E2JR4HQDT]-[.QX/\`:%6

M'7DFOF?XS_\`!4;PEX#O)M/TV*\NKZ-B!(L:20G!(/(;VKXO^.'[:GBSXR:#


17FJ&40?K:[?HC:MF
I/EI(^F/$O_!7?QH3_`
2JTT=1_P!-

MXHQN9C=VW`_[^5Y;XM\&:GX%U5K'5K1K.Z7.8V96Z$@_=)'4&OE





OW7

W[:G@GX+V\C7E[]




GE

M.?)*W_;NFOKMV

M5DO-0NKBZFD/)DD9\?F35W
M?R[A&/\`P-3:QHUUH%_):WD+0W$?WD)!Q^55XT


C_EK4O_``[&^)G_`$![


M.
^6S^?;*N`9%0GACW85]*8KX;_81_8J\:?!#XO7&K:WI\]O:R68A#
8L;O.


Y62VX=MN`R9^[C/O7
M`_\`!!K]F:R@\*ZGX]O[=5U2WNWM+9BOS&&2%#P0V


M8I'TL
'0@^:

&Z`]!
MBOQ6O]0FU6[DN+B626:0Y9G8L3^)KZ&_X*C_`!UNOC7^U;X@CGF::'PS?7FE



U\@ZU=0WVK7$T

GY5SWYKYSAG

MPHX:K*-;3FMKVM?_`#/UVIEQ;QW4+1R(LB



US1=T?HT9QFN:+NCD[+X*^']+\91
MZ[9Z?;V=_&S
6@B2
2%AC+8&3Q_.NLZ4441C&/PH(Q4=C\@O^_'_)7?_TN





*L/BIT8[)Z?/4_

MU^=__!OP

MVK1Z-IK


M/_@FW\.X/!_[




MK/KD[I(XZOLC0#O_`$%?%]?RUQ!E?]G9A5PBVB]/1ZK\#Y?$4_9U'$_2#_@E
MK^T/)X_\'W'AF_N-UQH\0D5Y6^:4O(W`).6_*OKROR1_8!^($W@S]H_P[:JQ







?^




I41QNNT+CKS7
MRY_Q#Y_&K_H._#O_`



:@X!)XW$\`5^9YED.)PLKI









T+QK%K]\L1*D!U%PX!&0
CCJ*\VCD:*164LK

[;Q]IMOC2IH2;Z50`HGFN7(SELYY'08K\[!7X



M7]-!K\
M\1?@!H]\^[=$B





M-?\`O\`USN/_2F6O5*_J3)O^1?0_P`$?_24?3T?@7H@HHKD_C+\5=+^$'@:
MZU;5+E;6%1Y:,P/+L#M'`/4BNZM6A2INI4=DM6V7*22NSX;_`.N/Q/3Q%XM

M'D=0*R[Y^QWD,W_`#RD5_R.:^I/^G?[/TW@3XGMXDMX=FG:LZQ(``%4I&N
ES7M[,L%K;H7D<@G
M:HY)XK-\_$O1/B5:3S:)?QWT5LXCD959=K$9QR!6;K4U-4W)<SV5]?N%=7L
M;U-G_P!0_P#NFG4V?_4O_NFM!GXI_'#_`)*/??7_`!KE;/\`X_(?]\?SKJOC








FACH7VFMG_`)GBYQD\


M6X^V6:;N
GY?.)XK\_K9/C\-._(_5:_D?!ULIQV&E?D?JM?R/:_A/_P7J\?:

1JUM8


'C+4((_


:RQ6+E[RZ7O]Y:K\H?\`@J9^T)XP_9:_X*`W'BCP_?+Y4FGV$1M9
L?M9^-6\4:+K$RW7E11?84LT?_5Q
ME0=[2KU/MQ7JY]1KU,-_L]^9-/3YGJYY1K5,-_L_Q)IZ?,Y7]G[_`(+T^%]:
ML;6T\;:=J2:M(@\R2QM$2W#!6+<M+GL,5[]_P]3^%GD[_MTW3./-AS_Z'7Y;
M^+?^.7QZT;4/+TWP/?ZK#D_O1=V<7TX

M7_O[7S-/.LVI+EJ4F_\`MU_Y'S5/.
UI+EJ4V_\`MU_TS]?VIO^Y?AGPMH

E^&;VWU?QKKG]ILD@+:7/I@5<!E.?


J-&]



T7VL.`V2IS%UK\_\`M7ZI_MU_\$O_`(A_

M

Z(K]'-2_Y!UQ_U


M]3^5?G^:9EQ)G:^K^QE&'91:7S;LC@J5
16]VSL?-NDZ+=:]?1V]G;S7
\S!

2#CS&'?'X5[Q'&L2*JCJ

T^]3`F3=\N#D=.YS7Q7%W!]/

?=#`=

%/!NJ3ZHOE:?J%Q',%G#B8CRB!C=[XS6[^S[_`,$Q
MO_PEN8[O6;F'Q+=Q'=&TMF;<QL&R#\LIZ=*^FM.T^'2K&&VMXUB@A4)&@Z*



R-&^PJI`W*.


M%N]\$&X9P#M


MBB@`HHHH`*AU+_D'7'_7-OY&IJAU+_D'7'_7-OY&IELP/Q[_`&TO^3G/%7_7


M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111


:]



MY;\L5]RL?28=WIQ]`HHHKVC8****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****


C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R





?\`WR*P1=ZB()[9[W
[
YOWMK1YTN)[5+?<0K#:SJX_N[



M_P^11]F@_YXQ_\`?(H\]/[LG_?MO\*//3^[)_W[;_@`^S0?\\8_P#OD4?9


M`#QC_P^11]F@_YXQ_\`?(H\]/[LG_?MO\*//3^[)_W[;_@`^S0?\\8_P#O


MLT'_`#QC_P^11]F@_YXQ_\`?(H\]/[LG_?MO\*//3^[)_W[;_@`^S0?\\8

?\`WR*/LT'_









ML


I89]/X13]];12_KS#ZI?XY-_.WY6+T7@C3
M@V^YFN;E^Y9\`_ES^M:EOH&DVN/*L(



8

MRY8?S?@*R[G:45QW_OX`,#6=3'I^]'^%,_X5]_U'=0_[Z_^O1RP_F_`5EW.
MTIKQQR##HK=OF&:XW_A7W_4=U#_OK_Z]'_OO^H[J'_?7_UZ.6'\WX!9'5/I




M^U:.W.85:%2(O]T8X_@A?%[M]*MYYIH8[@
TODRM$S
$R%W*01W.`?X?3-

M62)6#


M-?\`&I:*`(O-?_GWD_-?\:/-?_GWD_-?\:EHH`B\U_\`GWD_-?\`&O)_&6M:

;G\UUS@`#
:_


MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`YFBBB@#H;;_CUA_P!P?RJ6HK;_

M]X-DH^[*O4?XBMBIG
X\LE=%0G*$N:+LSFX=2O=$E6VU56EMSPEPO/Y^O\
M_K70Q2QSQ+)$ZNC#(93D&DFABN(FBF171A@JPKGI;^T*5KC32TUJ3EX&Y(_
MSZ]?K7+^\P_]Z/XK_-'3^[K_`-V7X/\`R9TM%4=-U:VU.+=V)`/FC;J/\1[


MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B

\^N[V^]Q
M0!W]%%

M8OJ6Z*BW3_P#/
M./\`[^'_``HW3_\`/./_`+^'_MS$EHJ+=/_`,\X_P#OX?\`C=/_P`\X_\`
MOX?\*`):*BW3_P#/./\`[^'_``HW3_\`/./_`+^'_@6BHMT_\`SSC_`._A
M_P`*-T__`#SC_P_A_PH`EHJ+=/_`,\X_P#OX?\`C=/_P`\X_\`OX?\*`):
M*BW3_P#/./\`[^'_``HW3_\`/./_`+^'_@6BHMT_\`SSC_`._A_P`*-T__
M`#SC_P_A_PH`EHJ+=/_`,\X_P#OX?\`C=/_P`\X_\`OX?\*`):*BW3_P#/
M./\`[^'_``HW3_\`/./_`+^'_@6BHMT_\`SSC_`._A_P`*-T__`#SC_P_
MA_PH`EHJ+=/_`,\X_P#OX?\`C=/_P`\X_\`OX?\*`):*BW3_P#/./\`[^'_
M``HW3_\`/./_`+^'_@6BHMT_\`SSC_`._A_P`*-T__`#SC_P_A_PH`EHJ
M+=/_`,\X_P#OX?\`C=/_P`\X_\`OX?\*`):*BW3_P#/./\`[^'_``HW3_\`
M/./_`+^'_@6BHMT_\`SSC_`._A_P`*-T__`#SC_P_A_PH`EHJ+=/_`,\X
M_P#OX?\`C=/_P`\X_\`OX?\*`):***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*


MSHJ*165U#*P92
@@Y!I:ZSDBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@#F:***`.AMO^/6'_`'!_*I:B
MMO\`CUA_W!_*I:`BJ$6N:5
EU)'J-JR6K!9W\T;8R?4]!_CD=J?)JNG100S

H63_`'3GG\*`+E%0W5Y:V


''+P%KK3\Y



M
=%X;DD:[CGU&2[GCN9%=9&0F+YC@?*`0


;1J%
@&!R`








T:R#[LBQ
MD
/UK+34-1T.1;;4/WEL3A+C:6P/S_\`K_6NGIDL




3;91]Z-NH_Q%%.O=\E16

M`._9_P`:-L__`#TC_P_9_QJ6B@+;/_`
](_P#OV?\`&C;/_P`](_\`OV?\
M:EHH`BVS_P#/2/\`[]G_`!HVS_\`/2/_`+]G_&I:*`(ML_\`STC_`._9_P`:








\(G6`RH)F4

-I;WTEK'
)9(Y;%




N`N1GT&:DC;^TK'Q`EK#
M*C2R[EM9$

CO5B

MY5P!G@#-

M4%F9C@`#J2:565U#*05(R#P17%VYU-)OWYUYNV@(;Y;B)8&$7M^YDRWI@@




M+4_#DFIWK7$E]M&





(BJ

M4`%%%4M3U:QT:V6XOY_)B9P@;8S98@G&`#Z&FDWH@+M%9.E^)=(UFY:WL+OS


MSMQDU=:\M4C$C7
(0LRAC(




D_

R3*JA8=YPH?)!SZX!QWQ3

MF971D.6VK@@@X&
D8]Z`.FHHICHS'(D=/8`?U%`#Z*B\I_\`GXD_)?\`CRG
M_P?B3\E_P`*`):*B\I_^?B3\E_PH\I_^?B3\E_PH`EHJ+RG_P?B3\E_P`*
M/*?_`)^)/R7_``H`EHJ+RG_Y^)/R7_CRG_Y^)/R7_@6BHO*?_`)^)/R7_
M``H\I_\`GXD_)?\`@6BHO*?_GXD_)?\*/*?_GXD_)?\*`):*B\I_\`GXD_
M)?\`CRG_P?B3\E_P`*`):*B\I_^?B3\E_PH\I_^?B3\E_PH`EHJ+RG_P?
MB3\E_P`*/*?_`)^)/R7_``H`EHJ+RG_Y^)/R7_CRG_Y^)/R7_@6BHO*?_
M`)^)/R7_``H\I_\`GXD_)?\`@6BHO*?_GXD_)?\*/*?_GXD_)?\*`):*B\
MI_\`GXD_)?\`CRG_P?B3\E_P`*`):*B\I_^?B3\E_PH\I_^?B3\E_PH`EH
MJ+RG_P?B3\E_P`*/*?_`)^)/R7_``H`EHJ+RG_Y^)/R7_CRG_Y^)/R7_@
M6BHO*?_`)^)/R7_``H\I_\`GXD_)?\`@6BHO*?_GXD_)?\*/*?_GXD_)?
M\*`):*B\I_\`GXD_)?\`CRG_P?B3\E_P`*`):*B\I_^?B3\E_PH\I_^?B3
M\E_PH`EHJ+RG_P?B3\E_P`*/*?_`)^)/R7_``H`EHJ+RG_Y^)/R7_CRG_Y
M^)/R7_@6BHO*?_`)^)/R7_``H\I_\`GXD_)?\`@6BHO*?_GXD_)?\*/*



8R@55.4^Z&X)#`9R!
MS56YT/490ML8;*6SBN)YP&N'1Y?
$G!PGR8
G4$]
\5T]%8DG*R:/KCQY#Q+



V:`.@HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB


$Q6I$3JC$KYB%LN2#ZC&!CIRJ^&[F*'9!J$432))%/M


C!]L5OT4`%

M/HH`B\A/[TG_`'\;_&CR$_O2?]_&_P`:EHH`B\A/[TG_`'\;_&CR$_O2?]_&
M_P`:EHH`B\A/[TG_`'\;_&CR$_O2?]_&_P`:EHH`B\A/[TG_`'\;_&CR$_O2
M?]_&_P`:EHH`B\A/[TG_`'\;_&CR$_O2?]_&_P`:EHH`B\A/[TG_`'\;_&CR
M$_O2?]_&_P`:EHH`B\A/[TG_`'\;_&CR$_O2?]_&_P`:EHH`B\A/[TG_`'\;
M_&CR$_O2?]_&_P`:EHH`B\A/[TG_`'\;_&CR$_O2?]_&_P`:EHH`B\A/[TG_
M`'\;_&CR$_O2?]_&_P`:EHH`B\A/[TG_`'\;_&CR$_O2?]_&_P`:EHH`B\A/
M[TG_`'\;_&CR$_O2?]_&_P`:EHH`B\A/[TG_`'\;_&CR$_O2?]_&_P`:EHH`
MB\A/[TG_`'\;_&CR$_O2?]_&_P`:EHH`B\A/[TG_`'\;_&CR$_O2?]_&_P`:
MEHH`B\A/[TG_`'\;_&CR$_O2?]_&_P`:EHH`B\A/[TG_`'\;_&CR$_O2?]_&
M_P`:EHH`B\A/[TG_`'\;_&CR$_O2?]_&_P`:EHH`B\A/[TG_`'\;_&CR$_O2
M?]_&_P`:EHH`B\A/[TG_`'\;_&CR$_O2?]_&_P`:EHH`B\A/[TG_`'\;_&CR
M$_O2?]_&_P`:EHH`B\A/[TG_`'\;_&CR$_O2?]_&_P`:EHH`B\A/[TG_`'\;
M_&CR$_O2?]_&_P`:EHH`B\A/[TG_`'\;_&CR$_O2?]_&_P`:EHH`B\A/[TG_
M`'\;_&CR$]9/^_C?XU+10`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%


MW$1@


C..O^-`$M%1

?_?(H^S0?\\8_^^10!+147V:#_GC'_P!\BC[-!_SQC_[Y%`$M%1?9
MH/\`GC'_`-\BC[-!_P`\8_\`OD4`2T5%]F@_YXQ_]\BC[-!_SQC_`.^10!+1
M47V:#_GC'_WR*/LT'_/&/_OD4`2T5%]F@_YXQ_\`?(H^S0?\\8_^^10!+147

?_?(H^S0?\\8_P#OD4`2

@MD?*.!@4[[-!_P`\8_\`OD4`2T5%]F@_YXQ_]\BC[-!_SQC_
M`.^10!+147V:#_GC'_WR*/LT'_/&/_OD4`2T5%]F@_YXQ_\`?(H^S0?\\8_^

?_?(H^S0?\\8

?_`'R*/LT'_/&/


?\`WR*`):*B^S0?\\8_
M^^11]F@_YXQ_]\B@6BHOLT'_/&/_OD4V2UB:)U6*,,00#M'!H`GHHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`YFBBB@#H;;_`(]8
M?]P?RJ6HK;_CUA_W!_*I:`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`@O7N([.5[41





=@/
M?-`$]Q/=S:H;6SFCB\J`N[21[UW


MM;
%OF.6=@



MTJ27PX!$R0WMPR[6CBCD90L*.1OVD+N)QG&XFK5_HXO9;61+ZZM?LV?+6$1E

D.C#('0]LGUH`K#5+XZ@K8MQ9&[-IY95O-SM/S;LX^\
8QTYSVI\&JW2V



1@8(`


9`&-O\`$.:CM]1U



M4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110!S-%%%`&[;W$*VT0
T8(0`@L/2I/M
'_

'_/:/_OH



'_/:/_OH444`'VF#


M?_?0H^TP?\]H_P#OH444`'VF#_GM'_WT*/M
'_/:/_OH444`'VF#_GM'_P!]



M?\]H_P#OH444`'VF#_GM'_WT*/M



@H444`'VF#_GM'_WT*/M

`
end


















    


    




        


        




    


    


    


    



      


      
      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      


  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Note 1 &amp;#8211; Nature of the Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Nature of the Business&lt;font style=font-weight:normal;&gt; &amp;#8211; Freshpet
 Inc. (hereafter referred to as &amp;#8220;Freshpet&amp;#8221; or the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;)
 a Delaware corporation
 manufactures and markets natural fresh
 refrigerated meals and treats for dogs and cats. The Company&amp;#8217;s products are distributed throughout the United States and Canada into major retail classes including Grocery and Mass (which includes club) as well as Pet specialty and Natural retail. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Principles of Consolidation&lt;font style=font-weight:normal;&gt; &amp;#8211; The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. (&amp;#8220;U.S. GAAP&amp;#8221;). All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Segments&lt;font style=font-weight:normal;&gt; &amp;#8211; The Company operates as a single operating segment reporting to its chief operating decision maker. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Estimates and Uncertainties&lt;font style=font-weight:normal;&gt; &amp;#8211; The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
 as determined at a later date
 could differ from those estimates. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;font style=font-weight:normal;&gt; &amp;#8211; The Company considers money market funds and all other highly liquid debt instruments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Accounts Receivable&lt;font style=font-weight:normal;&gt; &amp;#8211; The Company records trade accounts receivable at net realizable value. This value includes an appropriate allowance for estimated uncollectible accounts. On a periodic basis
 the Company evaluates its accounts receivable and establishes an allowance for doubtful accounts based on its history of write-offs and collections and current credit conditions. Accounts receivable are written off when management deems them to be uncollectible. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Inventories&lt;font style=font-weight:normal;&gt; &amp;#8211; Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market
 using the first-in
 first-out method. When necessary
 the Company provides allowances to adjust the carrying value of its inventories to the lower of cost or net realizable value
 including any costs to sell or dispose and consideration for obsolescence
 excessive inventory levels
 product deterioration and other factors in evaluating net realizable value. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Deferred Offering Cost&lt;font style=font-style:italic;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-weight:normal;&gt;- Deferred offering costs
 which primarily consist of direct incremental legal and accounting fees relating to the initial public offering (&amp;#8220;IPO&amp;#8221;) of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock are capitalized. The deferred offering costs were offset against IPO proceeds upon the consummation of the offering. We closed our IPO on November&amp;#160;13
 2014. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment&lt;font style=font-weight:normal;&gt; &amp;#8211; Property
 plant and equipment are recorded at cost. The Company provides for depreciation on the straight-line method by charges to income at rates based upon estimated recovery periods of 7 years for furniture and office equipment
 5 years for automotive equipment
 6 &amp;#8211; 9 years for refrigeration equipment
 5 &amp;#8211; 10 years for machinery and equipment
 and 15 &amp;#8211; 39 years for building and improvements. Capitalized cost includes the costs incurred to bring the property
 plant and equipment to the condition and location necessary for its intended use
 which includes any necessary delivery
 electrical and installation cost for equipment. Maintenance and repairs that do not extend the useful life of the assets over two years are charged to expense as incurred. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the term of the related lease or the estimated useful lives on the straight-line method. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Long-Lived Assets&lt;font style=font-weight:normal;&gt; &amp;#8211; The Company evaluates all long-lived assets for impairment. Long-lived assets are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to estimated undiscounted future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated undiscounted future net cash flows
 an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. Recoverability of assets held for sale is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset or asset group to their fair value less estimated costs to sell. Estimating future cash flows and calculating fair value of assets requires significant estimates and assumptions by management. If the carrying amount is not fully recoverable
 an impairment loss is recognized to reduce the carry amount to fair value
 and is charged to expense in the period of impairment. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Income Taxes &lt;font style=font-weight:normal;&gt;&amp;#8211; The Company provides for deferred income taxes for temporary differences between financial and income tax reporting
 principally net operating loss carryforwards
 depreciation
 and share-based compensation. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;A valuation allowance is appropriate when management believes it is more likely than not
 the deferred tax asset will not be realized. At December&amp;#160;31
 2014 and 2013
 the Company determined that a valuation allowance of approximately 100% is appropriate. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Revenue Recognition and Incentives &lt;font style=font-weight:normal;&gt;&amp;#8211; Revenue from product sales is recognized upon shipment to the customers as terms are free on board (FOB) shipping point
 at which point title and risk of loss is transferred and the selling price is fixed or determinable. This completes the revenue-earning process specifically that an arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred
 ownership has transferred
 the price is fixed and collectability is reasonably assured. A provision for payment discounts and product return allowances
 which is estimated based upon the Company&amp;#8217;s historical performance
 management&amp;#8217;s experience and current economic trends
 is recorded as a reduction of sales in the same period that the revenue is recognized. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Trade incentives
 consisting primarily of customer pricing allowances and merchandising funds
 and consumer coupons are offered through various programs to customers and consumers. Sales are recorded net of estimated trade incentive spending
 which is recognized as incurred at the time of sale. Accruals for expected payouts under these programs are included as accrued expense in the consolidated balance sheet. Coupon redemption costs are also recognized as reductions of net sales when the coupons are issued. Estimates of trade promotion expense and coupon redemption costs are based upon programs offered
 timing of those offers
 estimated redemption/usage rates from historical performance
 management&amp;#8217;s experience and current economic trends. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Advertising&lt;font style=font-weight:normal;&gt; &amp;#8211; Advertising costs
 consisting primarily of media ads
 are expensed as incurred. Advertising costs in 2014
 2013
 and 2012 were $14
231
930
 $12
037
402
 and $10
666
163 respectively. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Shipping and Handling Costs/Freight Out&lt;font style=font-weight:normal;&gt; &amp;#8211; Costs incurred for shipping and handling are included in selling
 general
 and administrative expenses within the statement of operations and comprehensive loss. Shipping and handling costs primarily consist of costs associated with moving finished products to customers
 including costs associated with distribution center and the cost of shipping products to customers through third-party carriers. Shipping and handling cost totaled $9
447
406
 $6
872
953
 and $5
170
367 for the years ended 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Share Based Compensation&lt;font style=font-weight:normal;&gt; &amp;#8211; The Company recognizes share based compensation based on the value of the portion of share-based payment awards that is ultimately expected to vest during the period. Share-based compensation expense recognized in the statement of operations included compensation expense for share based payment awards granted subsequent to December&amp;#160;31
 2006
 based on the grant date fair value estimated. Share awards are amortized under the straight-line method over the requisite service period of the entire award. The Company uses historical data to estimate pre-vesting option forfeitures and record stock based compensation expense only for those awards that are expected to vest. To the extent actual forfeitures differ from the estimates
 the difference will be recorded as a cumulative adjustment in the period that the estimates are revised. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The Company determines the fair value of the stock options granted as either the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instruments issued
 whichever is more reliably measurable. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;font style=font-weight:normal;&gt; &amp;#8211; Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) guidance specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based on whether the inputs to those valuation techniques are observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources
 while unobservable inputs reflect market assumptions. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurement) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurement). &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are as follows: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div align=left&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; width:97.73%;margin-left:2.27%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:2.27%;white-space:nowrap&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;font-family:&apos;Symbol&apos;;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:97.73%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Level 1 &amp;#8211; Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity has the ability to access at the measurement date. Level 1 primarily consists of financial instruments whose value is based on quoted market prices such as exchange-traded instruments and listed equities. &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div align=left&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; width:97.73%;margin-left:2.27%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:2.27%;white-space:nowrap&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;font-family:&apos;Symbol&apos;;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:97.73%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Level 2 &amp;#8211; Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly (e.g.
 quoted prices of similar assets or liabilities in active markets
 or quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active). Level 2 includes financial instruments that are valued using models or other valuation methodologies. &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div align=left&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; width:97.73%;margin-left:2.27%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:2.27%;white-space:nowrap&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;font-family:&apos;Symbol&apos;;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:97.73%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Level 3 &amp;#8211; Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. Financial instruments are considered Level 3 when their fair values are determined using pricing models
 discounted cash flows or similar techniques and at least one significant model assumption or input is unobservable. &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The carrying amounts reported in the balance sheets for cash and cash equivalents
 other receivables
 accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate their fair value based on the short-term maturity of these instruments. The warrant liability is recorded at fair value with changes in fair value reflected in the statement of operations and comprehensive loss. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;As of December 31
 2014


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Note 2 &amp;#8211; Recently Issued Accounting Standards: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;In April 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-08
 &amp;#8220;Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity
&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASU 2014-08&amp;#8221;). Under ASU 2014-08
 only disposals representing a strategic shift in operations that have a major effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s operations and financial results should be presented as discontinued operations. Additionally
 ASU 2014-08 requires expanded disclosures about discontinued operations that will provide financial statement users with more information about the assets
 liabilities
 income
 and expenses of discontinued operations. The amendments in ASU 2014-08 are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December&amp;#160;15
 2014. However
 ASU 2014-08 should not be applied to a component that is classified as held for sale before the effective date even if the component is disposed of after the effective date. Early adoption is permitted
 but only for disposals (or classifications as held for sale) that have not been reported in financial statements previously issued. The effects of ASU 2014-08 will depend on any future disposals by the Company. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;On May&amp;#160;28
 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#160;2014-09
 &amp;#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&amp;#8221;
 which requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. The ASU will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in U.S. GAAP when it becomes effective. The new standard is effective for the Company on January&amp;#160;1


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Note 3 &amp;#8211; Inventories: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Inventories are summarized as follows: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=6 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Raw materials&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2
321
458&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
431
422&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Packaging components material&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
158
967&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;805
424&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:75%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Finished goods&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;3
905
219&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;3
459
707&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;7
385
644&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;5
696
553&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:75%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Reserve for obsolescence&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(71
493&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(184
328&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:75%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;7
314
151&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;5
512
225&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Note 4 &amp;#8211; Property
 Plant and Equipment: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment
 net are summarized as follows: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td rowspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=6 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Refrigeration equipment&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;47
789
991&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;35
649
423&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;19
677
778&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;20
767
207&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Building and improvements&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;9
985
917&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;9
892
291&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Furniture and office equipment&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
826
249&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
727
248&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;627
962&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
474
741&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Construction in progress&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
941
754&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;143
274&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:75%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Automotive equipment&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;314
885&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;313
930&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;82
164
536&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;69
968
114&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:75%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(24
338
575&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(21
204
082&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:75%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;57
825
961&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;48
764
032&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Depreciation and amortization expense related to property
 plant and equipment totaled approximately $6
356
736
 $5
945
077 and $4
593
668 for the years ended December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively; of which $2
453
883
 $2
204
282 and $803
654 was recorded in cost of goods sold for 2014
&amp;#160;2013 and 2012
 respectively; with the remainder of depreciation and amortization expense being recorded to selling
 general and administrative expense. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;During June 2013
 the Company made a decision to exit its leased manufacturing facility in Quakertown
 Pennsylvania. The Company recognized accelerated depreciation of approximately $827
370 during 2013 related to the facility assets that were not going to be redeployed at the Company&amp;#8217;s manufacturing facility. These assets were written down to their net realizable value and sold during 2014. The proceeds received from the sale of assets were less than the book value of the assets. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;During 2013
 the Company completed the construction of a manufacturing facility in Bethlehem
 Pennsylvania. The costs associated with this facility were reclassified from construction in progress to depreciable assets during 2013 when the facility was ready for its intended use. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;During the three months ended March&amp;#160;31
 2014
 the Company completed a project to analyze the estimated future years of service on its existing refrigeration equipment. Based on this analysis
 the Company estimates that the useful life of its refrigeration equipment increased from 6 to 9 years. The Company will apply this change in estimate prospectively
 which reduced depreciation by approximately $1.8 million in 2014 and will reduce depreciation by approximately $2.0 million for 2015. The useful life of the other classes of property


&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Note 5 &amp;#8211; Income Taxes: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;A summary of income taxes as follows: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td rowspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:61.66%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td rowspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:1.12%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=9 valign=bottom style=width:36.06%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=width:9.78%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=width:1.34%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.32%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:11.12%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2012&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:61.66%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Current:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.12%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:9.78%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.34%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:9.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:9.96%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:61.66%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Federal&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.12%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:9.78%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.34%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:9.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:9.96%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:61.66%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;State&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.12%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:9.78%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;41
753&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.34%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:9.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;31
525&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:9.96%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;32
776&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:61.66%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.12%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:9.78%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;41
753&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.34%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:9.16%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;31
525&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:9.96%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;32
776&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The provisions for income taxes do not bear a normal relationship to loss before income taxes primarily as a result of the valuation allowance on deferred tax assets. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The most significant jurisdictions in which the Company is required to file income tax returns include the U.S. federal jurisdiction and the States of New Jersey
 California
 Indiana
 Pennsylvania and Texas. The Company is no longer subject to U.S. Federal income tax examinations for year ends prior to 2011. With limited exceptions
 the Company is no longer subject to state income tax examinations for year ends prior to 2010. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:18pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The reconciliation of the statutory federal income tax rate to the Company&amp;#8217;s effective tax is presented below: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td rowspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:64.98%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=9 valign=bottom style=width:32.62%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:2.4%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=width:0.82%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=width:8.72%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=top style=width:10.08%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:0.54%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.12%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2012&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:2.4%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:64.98%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Tax at federal statutory rate&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:0.82%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:8.72%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;34.00&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:0.54%; border-top:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:9.54%; border-top:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;34.00&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:0.54%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:0.64%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:9.48%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;34.00&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:2.4%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:64.98%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;State taxes
 net of federal&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:0.82%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:8.72%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;0.13&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:0.54%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:9.54%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:0.54%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:0.64%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:9.48%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;0.11&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:2.4%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:64.98%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Permanent items&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:0.82%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:8.72%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(18.40&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:0.54%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:9.54%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.37&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:0.54%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:0.64%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:9.48%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.84&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:2.4%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:64.98%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Other&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:0.82%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:8.72%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(1.58&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:0.54%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:9.54%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;0.33&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:0.54%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:0.64%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:9.48%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;0.55&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:2.4%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:64.98%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:0.82%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:8.72%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(14.26&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%)&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:0.54%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;padding-top:1pt;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:9.54%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;padding-top:1pt;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(34.00&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:0.54%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:0.64%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:9.48%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(34.00&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:2.4%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:64.98%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Effective tax rate&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:0.82%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:8.72%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.11&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%)&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:0.54%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=padding-top:1pt;text-align:center;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:9.54%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;padding-top:1pt;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.14&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:0.54%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:0.64%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:9.48%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.18&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:2.4%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are as follows: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td rowspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:61.66%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=10 valign=bottom style=width:37.18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=width:0.84%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.04%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=width:1.42%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.12%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:11.28%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2012&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:61.66%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net deferred tax asset carryforward&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:0.84%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10.04%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;59
942
144&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.42%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:8.96%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;48
735
783&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10.12%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;41
034
013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:61.66%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Fees on debt guarantee&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:0.84%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.42%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.18%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:8.96%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;2
692
877&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.12%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;721
670&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:61.66%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Stock option expense&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:0.84%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10.04%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
742
186&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.42%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.18%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:8.96%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;1
028
880&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10.12%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;707
505&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:61.66%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Property and equipment&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:0.84%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(4
605
896&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.42%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.18%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:8.96%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;(1
675
683&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.12%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;454
480&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:61.66%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Other&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:0.84%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10.04%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;48
224&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.42%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.18%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:8.96%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;1
026
231&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10.12%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
284
161&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:61.66%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Less: Valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:0.84%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(57
126
658&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.42%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;padding-top:1pt;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:8.96%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;padding-top:1pt;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(51
808
088&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.12%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(44
201
829&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:61.66%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net deferred tax&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:0.84%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10.04%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.42%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:8.96%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10.12%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;In assessing the realizability of the net deferred tax assets
 the Company considers all relevant positive and negative evidence to determine whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred income tax assets will not be realized. The realization of the gross deferred tax assets is dependent on several factors
 including the generation of sufficient taxable income prior to the expiration of the net operating loss carryforwards. The Company believes that it is more likely than not that the Company&amp;#8217;s deferred income tax assets will not be realized. The Company has experienced taxable losses from inception. As such
 there was a full valuation allowance against the net deferred tax assets as of December&amp;#160;31
 2014 and 2013. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;At December&amp;#160;31
 2014
 the Company had federal net operating loss (&amp;#8220;NOL&amp;#8221;) carryforwards of $162
996
989 which expire between 2025 and 2034. The Company may be subject to certain limitations in its annual utilization of net operating loss carryforwards to off-set future taxable income pursuant to Section&amp;#160;382 of the Internal Revenue Code
 which could result in NOLs expiring unused. At December&amp;#160;31
 2014
 the Company had $124
504
677 of State NOLs which expire between 2015 and 2034. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Entities are also required to evaluate
 measure
 recognize and disclose any uncertain income tax provisions taken on their income tax returns. The Company has analyzed its tax positions and has concluded that as of December&amp;#160;31
 2014
 there were no uncertain positions. Interest and penalties
 if any
 as they relate to income taxes assessed
 are included in the income tax provision. There was no income tax related interest and penalties included in the income tax provision for 2014
 2013
 and 2012. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net deferred tax assets and liabilities are summarized as follows: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td rowspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:63.82%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=10 valign=bottom style=width:35.02%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=width:7.18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=width:1.52%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.22%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.42%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:11.18%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2012&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:63.82%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:7.18%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;61
732
553&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.52%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.22%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.6%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;53
483
771&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;44
201
829&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:63.82%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:7.18%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(4
605
895&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.52%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.22%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.6%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;(1
675
683&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:63.82%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:7.18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(57
126
658&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.52%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.22%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.6%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;padding-top:1pt;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;padding-top:1pt;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;(51
808
088&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(44
201
829&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:63.82%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net deferred income tax assets&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:7.18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.52%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.22%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.6%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Note 6 &amp;#8211; Accrued Expenses: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Accrued expenses are summarized as follows: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td rowspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:74.34%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=6 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:23.34%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.5%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.5%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:74.34%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Accrued payroll&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:9.34%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
802
756&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:9.34%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
131
880&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:74.34%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Other accrued expenses&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:9.34%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;383
679&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:9.34%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;259
018&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:74.34%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Other accrued interest&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:9.34%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;22
500&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:9.34%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;307
064&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:74.34%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Accrued marketing&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:9.34%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;127
028&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:9.34%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:36pt;;text-indent:-18pt;;font-family:&apos;Symbol&apos;;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size:10pt;font-family:&apos;Symbol&apos;&gt;&amp;#190;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:74.34%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Accrued freight&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:9.34%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;97
561&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:9.34%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;166
472&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:74.34%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Accrued chiller maintenance&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:9.34%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;349
792&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:9.34%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;43
047&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:74.34%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Accrued sales and use tax&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;padding-top:1pt;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:9.34%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;padding-top:1pt;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;155
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:9.34%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:36pt;;text-indent:-18pt;;font-family:&apos;Symbol&apos;;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size:10pt;font-family:&apos;Symbol&apos;&gt;&amp;#190;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:74.34%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=padding-top:1pt;text-align:center;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:9.34%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;padding-top:1pt;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;2
938
316&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:9.34%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
907
481&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Note 7 &amp;#8211; Debt: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;As of December&amp;#160;31
 2014
 the Company had no outstanding debt.  The recorded carrying values of our debt balances approximate fair value given our debt is at variable rates tied to market indicators or is short-term in nature. A detailed cash flow related to debt throughout 2014 is summarized in the table below:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:82.78%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:0.22%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.84%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=height:3.5pt;&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:82.78%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; Borrowings on long-term debt&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td rowspan=2 valign=top style=width:0.22%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.84%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td rowspan=2 valign=top style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=height:3.5pt;&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:82.78%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:36pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Borrowings on $27
000
000 Revolving Note Payable&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:14.84%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;9
000
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:82.78%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:36pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Borrowings on $62
500
000 Revolving Note Payable&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:0.22%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.84%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2
500
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=height:3.5pt;&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:82.78%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Total borrowings on long-term debt&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td rowspan=3 valign=top bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:0.22%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:14.84%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;11
500
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=height:3.5pt;&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:82.78%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Repayment on long-term debt&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.84%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=height:3.5pt;&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:82.78%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:36pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Repayment of $27
000
000 Revolving Note Payable&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:14.84%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;(24
000
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=height:3.5pt;&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:82.78%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:36pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Repayment of $62
500
000 Revolving Note Payable &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td rowspan=2 valign=top style=width:0.22%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.84%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(62
500
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=height:3.5pt;&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:82.78%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:36pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Pay down of $1
500
000 10% Note&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:14.84%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(1
500
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=height:3.5pt;&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:82.78%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Total repayment on long-term debt&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td rowspan=2 valign=top style=width:0.22%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.84%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(88
000
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=height:3.5pt;&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:82.78%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Net borrowings on short-term debt&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:14.84%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:82.78%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:36pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Borrowings on $40
000
000 Credit Facilities&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:0.22%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.84%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;18
000
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:82.78%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:36pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Repayment of $40
000
000 Credit Facilities &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:0.22%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:14.84%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(18
000
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:82.78%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:36pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Borrowings on $2
000
000 Convertible Shareholder Note&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:0.22%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.84%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2
000
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:82.78%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:36pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Repayment of $2
000
000 Convertible Shareholder Note&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:0.22%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:14.84%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(2
000
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:82.78%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:36pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:0.22%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.84%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:36pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The debt listed below represents debt instruments available during the years ended December&amp;#160;31
 2014 and 2013.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div align=left&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:4.54%;white-space:nowrap&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;a&lt;font style=font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:95.46%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1
500
000 10% Note &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Consists of $1
500
000 of notes issued to certain of its stockholders which accrued interest compounded annually at a rate of 10%. These notes and all accrued interest were initially due on December&amp;#160;23
 2020. Upon consummation of the IPO
 the $1
500
000 10% note and accrued interest of $854
925 were repaid
 and the debt was extinguished. The accrued interest totaled $667
110 at December&amp;#160;31
 2013. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;In connection with the issuance of these notes in February 2010
 for every $16.39 that was borrowed with the notes
 one share of common stock was issued to the lender. As a result
 91
528 shares of common stock were issued and fair value of the stock at issuance
 $6.56 a share
 was recorded as a discount to the debt. The unamortized discount equaled $387
688 at December&amp;#160;31
 2013. Upon repayment of the note
 the entire unamortized discount was recorded as interest expense in the statement of operations and comprehensive loss. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div align=left&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:4.54%;white-space:nowrap&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;b&lt;font style=font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:95.46%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$27
000
000 Revolving Note Payable &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The $27
000
000 revolving note payable initially matured on October&amp;#160;31
 2015. Upon consummation of the IPO
 the outstanding $24
000
000 and accrued interest of $198
084 was repaid. The terms of the $27
000
000 revolving note payable were modified to the $40
000
000 Credit Facilities. See section &amp;#8220;d&amp;#8221; below. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The borrowings bore interest at either a LIBOR Rate plus 8% margin or a Base Rate plus 6%
 depending on the election of the Company. Base Rate was defined as the rate of interest publicly quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the &amp;#8220;base rate on corporate loans posted by at least 75% of the nation&amp;#8217;s 30 largest banks.&amp;#8221; If the Company elected to utilize the LIBOR Rate
 it could elect to use a 1
 2
 or 3 month LIBOR Rate with the interest payable upon the last day of the interest period applicable to the Company&amp;#8217;s LIBOR rate election. Interest for the Base Rate loan was payable monthly with the balance of any outstanding advances due at maturity. An unused line of credit fee of 1%
 payable monthly
 was charged for any portion of the line that was not used
 unless at least $3 million was kept on deposit with the bank. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The loan agreement provided for the maintenance of various financial covenants. The Company remained in compliance with these requirements throughout the term of the borrowings. Borrowings on this revolving note payable totaled $15
000
000 at December&amp;#160;31
 2013
 and reached total borrowings of $24
000
000 during 2014 prior to repayment.  &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div align=left&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:4.54%;white-space:nowrap&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;c.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:95.46%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$62
500
000 Revolving Note Payable &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The $62
500
000 revolving line of credit agreement initially had a maturity date of May&amp;#160;1
 2016. Upon consummation of the IPO
 $62
500
000 and accrued interest of $198
469 was paid off
 and the debt was extinguished. Upon extinguishment
 the Company recorded the unamortized loan origination fees of $311
458 as interest expense in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The borrowings bore interest at either a LIBOR Rate (LIBOR Adjusted Rate
 plus 3.25%) or a Base Rate (Base Rate plus 2.25%). Base rate was defined as the greater of the Prime Rate on the date of the borrowing and the Federal Funds Effective Rate plus 0.5%. Interest on Base Rate Loans were payable monthly
 LIBOR Rate loans were payable at the end of the selected interest rate. This note payable was subordinated to the $15
000
000 revolving note payable except for the first mortgage on the Bethlehem
 Pennsylvania property. The loan agreement provided for the maintenance of certain financial covenants. The Company was in compliance with these requirements throughout the term of the borrowings. Borrowings on this revolving note payable totaled $60
000
000 at December&amp;#160;31
 2013
 and reached total borrowings of $62
500
000 before pay off. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;In connection with this note
 the Company entered into a Fee and Reimbursement Agreement with certain stockholders who were also guarantors of the note. See note 11 for further detail. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div align=left&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:4.54%;white-space:nowrap&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;d&lt;font style=font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:95.46%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$40
000
000 Credit Facilities &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;On November&amp;#160;13
 2014
 the Company entered into senior secured credit facilities comprising a 5-year $18
000
000 term facility (the &amp;#8220;Term Facility&amp;#8221;)
 a 3-year $10
000
000 revolving facility (the &amp;#8220;Revolving Facility&amp;#8221;) and a $12
000
000 additional term loan commitment earmarked primarily for capital expenditures. Upon closing the $40
000
000 Credit Facilities
 the Company had $18
000
000 of aggregate principal amount outstanding under the Term Facility. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;On December&amp;#160;23
 2014
 the Company repaid the outstanding $18
000
000 million and modified the terms of the $40
000
000 Credit Facilities. The $18
000
000 term facility was extinguished
 the 3-year $10
000
000&amp;#160;Revolving Facility remained unchanged
 and the $12
000
000 term loan commitment earmarked for capital expenditures was increased to $30
000
000. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Any drawn Capex Commitments will mature on the fifth anniversary of the execution of the loan agreement. Any undrawn Capex Commitments will expire on the third anniversary of the execution of the agreement. Under the terms of the loan agreement
 the commitments for the Revolving Facility may be increased up to $10
000
000 subject to certain conditions. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Borrowings under the Credit Facilities will bear interest at variable rates depending on the Company&amp;#8217;s election
 either at a base rate or at LIBOR
 in each case
 plus an applicable margin. The initial applicable margin will be 3.75% for base rate loans and 4.75% for LIBOR loans. Thereafter
 subject to the Company&amp;#8217;s leverage ratio
 the applicable base rate margin will vary from 2.75% and 3.75% and the applicable LIBOR rate margin will vary from 3.75% and 4.75%. The loan agreement provides for the maintenance of certain financial covenants. The Company was in compliance with these requirements as of December&amp;#160;31
 2014. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div align=left&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:4.54%;white-space:nowrap&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;e&lt;font style=font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:95.46%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$2
000
000 Convertible Notes &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;On October 23
 2014
 the Company issued $2
000
000 in aggregate principal amount of convertible notes to certain of its stockholders
 which were repaid upon the consummation of the IPO. The convertible notes were issued at 98% of par and were convertible into Series C Preferred Stock at a price of $5.25 per share
 at the option of the holder
 at any time after December 31
 2014.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The Company did not accrue interest as the convertible notes started to accrue interest on December 7
 2014
 which was after the November 13
 2014 repaid.&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Note 8 &amp;#8211; Commitments: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Leases &lt;font style=font-weight:normal;&gt;&amp;#8211; The Company leases office and manufacturing space under non-cancelable operating leases that expire at various dates through January&amp;#160;31
 2017. As of December&amp;#160;31
 2014
 future minimum rentals due under these leases were as follows: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:88%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;br /&gt;2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:88%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;370
318&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:88%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;348
153&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:88%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;29
013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:88%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;747
484&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Rent expense related to these non-cancelable operating leases was $404
438
 $481
269
 and $326
523 for the years 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively. &lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Note 9 &amp;#8211; Redeemable Preferred Stock: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Immediately following the closing of the IPO on November&amp;#160;13
 2014
 the Company redeemed all the outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock (&amp;#8220;Series B&amp;#8221;)
 including cumulative dividends
 for a cash payment of $34
998
957. Additionally
 immediately prior to the closing of the IPO
 the Company converted the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock (&amp;#8220;Series C&amp;#8221;) to 11
067
090 shares of common stock. Based on the Series C anti-dilutive clause
 the conversion from Series C to common stock was to be equivalent to the 1-to-0.7396 common stock share split that occurred during 2014 in connection with the IPO.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The converted Series C included 2
477
756 Series C related to the Fees on Debt Guarantee
 which were converted to 1
832
531 shares of common stock. See note 11 for further detail. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:18pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Dividends &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Holders of Series B were entitled to receive dividends payable in additional fully paid and non-assessable shares of Series B at a rate per annum of 15% of the original issue price. Such dividends were to be fully cumulative from the first day of issuance and accrued without interest on both the initial Series B shares obtained and shares obtained via dividend
 on a quarterly basis. The dividend accrued during the years ended 2014
 2013
 and 2012 was $4
271
550
 $4
215
230
 and $3
638
052
 respectively. The total cumulative dividends that were paid on November&amp;#160;13
 2014 upon redemption of the Series B was $23
840
008. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Holders of Series C were entitled to dividends at a rate of 8%&amp;#160;per annum of the Series C original issue price
 subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock dividend
 stock split
 combination or other similar recapitalization with respect to Series C. Accrued dividends were to be payable only when
 and if declared by the Board of Directors. In addition
 holders of Series C were entitled to share ratably in any cash dividends declared and paid on the common stock in an amount per share equal to the amount of the dividend proposed to be paid on a share of common stock multiplied by the number of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Series C. Once the Series C shares were converted to common stock
 the accrued dividends that had not been declared by the Board of Directors were relinquished. Upon conversion none of the accrued dividends had been declared by the Board of Directors. The dividend accrued during the year ended 2013 and 2012 was $4
380
274 and $4
315
396
 respectively. Immediately prior to the conversion of Series C to Common Stock
 the Series C shares were fair valued utilizing the share price at the date of conversion. The difference between fair value and book value of $82
654
683 was recorded to net loss attributable to common stockholders. The difference between fair value and book value was net of $64
341
539 of cash proceeds received
 net off issuance costs
 and $19
687
856 of dividend accretion through the settlement date
 of which $7
014
643 was recorded in 2014.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;See the table below for detail over the cumulative dividends.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:83.2%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:15.64%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:83.2%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Fair value per Series C share on November 13
 2014 (date of conversion)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.6%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.04%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;166
683
790&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:83.2%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Cash proceeds received
 net of issuance costs (1)&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.6%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:14.04%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(64
341
539&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:83.2%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Cumulative dividend accretion at December 31
 2013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.6%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.04%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(12
672
925&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=height:5.6pt;&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:83.2%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Dividend accretion during 2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.6%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:14.04%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(7
014
643&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:83.2%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Additional loss to common shareholders upon conversion of Series C to common stock&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.5%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.14%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;82
654
683&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div align=left&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; width:96.67%;margin-left:3.33%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:3.33%;white-space:nowrap&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(1)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:96.67%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8211; Represents the cash proceeds received
 net of issuance costs
 by the company from Series C investors throughout the life of the security.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Note 10 &amp;#8211; Warrant: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;In connection with a loan transaction with a bank prior to 2011
 and in consideration thereof
 the Company issued to a bank a warrant to purchase up to an aggregate of 61
117 shares of voting common stock of the Company at a purchase price of $6.28 per share. In the event the Company issues additional equity instruments at a purchase price or exercise price lower than the warrant exercise price
 such exercise price shall be adjusted. This warrant was recorded as a liability with adjustments to fair value recorded in the statement of operations. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;This warrant is exercised upon surrender to the Company
 on a net basis
 such that
 without the exchange of any funds
 such holder purchases that number of shares otherwise issuable upon exercise of its warrant less that number of shares having a current market price at the time of exercise equal to the aggregate exercise price that would otherwise have been paid by such holder upon the exercise of the warrant. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;This warrant automatically converts in October 2017 without any action by the holder. The accrued warrant as of December 31
 2014 was $706


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Note 11 &amp;#8211; Guarantee Agreement: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;In connection with the $62
500
000 revolving note payable (see note 7)
 the Company entered into a Fee and Reimbursement Agreement with certain stockholders who were also guarantors of the note. That agreement stipulated that the Company would pay each guarantor a contingent fee equal to 10%&amp;#160;per annum of the amount that each guarantor had committed to guarantee. The payment was to be made in the form of newly issued shares of Series C Preferred Stock at the price of $5.25 per share. The fee accrued only from and after the date that the Guarantor entered into the Guarantee
 and if at any time any Guarantor&amp;#8217;s obligation was terminated in full or in part
 the Fee would continue to accrue only with respect to the amount
 if any of such Guarantor&amp;#8217;s remaining commitment under the Credit Agreement. The fee was contingent in that it would become due and payable only if all principal and interest under the credit agreement had been repaid and a Change of Control had occurred. A Change of Control was defined as any sale
 merger
 consolidation
 share exchange
 business combination
 equity issuance
 or other transaction or series of related transactions
 specifically excluding public offerings
 which result in the stockholders immediately prior to the transaction(s) owning collectively less than 50% of the voting control immediately following the transaction(s); or (ii)&amp;#160;any sale
 lease
 exchange
 transfer
 or other disposition of substantially all of the assets
 taken as a whole
 in a single transaction or series of transactions
 excluding sales in the ordinary course of business
 sale/leaseback and corporate restructuring transactions. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Immediately prior to the closing of the IPO
 the Company converted outstanding fees under the guarantee into 2
477
756 shares of Series C
 which were then converted into 1
832
531 shares of common stock. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The fees on debt guarantee was a financial instrument that was recognized as a liability by the Company and recorded at fair value at issuance. The instrument was then adjusted to its then fair value at each reporting period with changes in fair value recorded in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss. Historically the Company measured the fair value of the outstanding fee on debt guarantee using an option pricing method with several possible distribution outcomes depending on the timing and kind of liquidity event. Expected volatility was estimated utilizing the historical volatility of similar companies. The risk-free interest rates was based on the U.S. Treasury yield for a period consistent with the expected contractual life. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Upon the conversion of the fees on debt guarantee into shares of Series C
 and then subsequently into common stock


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Note 12 &amp;#8211; Equity Incentive Plans: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Total compensation cost for share-based payments recognized for the years ended December&amp;#160;31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012 was approximately $1
563
976
 $978
352
 and $1
118
705
 respectively. Cost of goods sold the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012 included share based compensation of approximately $71
669
 $90
614
 and $107
067
 respectively. Selling
 general
 and administrative expense for the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012 included share-based compensation of approximately $1
492
307
 $887
738
 and $1
011
638
 respectively. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2006 Stock Plan&lt;font style=font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;In December 2006
 the Company approved the 2006 Stock Plan (the &amp;#8220;2006 Plan&amp;#8221;) under which options to purchase approximately 624
223 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock were granted to employees and affiliates of the Company. These options vest over 5 years. Certain option awards provide for accelerated vesting if there is a change in control (as defined in the 2006 Plan). At December&amp;#160;31
 2014
 there were zero shares available for grant as the plan is frozen. The options granted have maximum contractual terms ranging from 5 to 10 years. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2010 Stock Plan&lt;font style=font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;In December 2010
 the Company approved the 2010 Stock Plan (the &amp;#8220;2010 Plan&amp;#8221;) under which options to purchase approximately 2
146
320 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock were granted to employees and affiliates of the Company (in 2012
 the 2010 Plan was amended to allow for option to purchase approximately 2
220
280 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock). These options are either time-based (vest over 4 years)
 performance-based (vest when performance targets are met
 as defined in the stock option grant agreement)
 or vest at the occurrence of an exit event which is defined as a Change of Control in the Company or an initial public offering registered under the Securities Act
 as defined in the stock grant agreement. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;In November
 2014
 the Company made modifications that affected all performance-based awards and all exit-event awards under the 2010 Plan. Performance-based awards were modified to time vested awards that cliff vest over two years. At the time of modification the original performance-based awards vesting criteria was not considered probable. The exit-event awards were modified to performance-based awards. At December&amp;#160;31
 2014 the new performance-based awards vesting criteria is considered probable. The modified awards were fair valued on the modification date. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The options granted have maximum contractual terms of 10 years. The Board of Directors froze the 2010 Stock Plan such that no further grants may be issued under the 2010 Stock Plan. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan&lt;font style=font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;In November 2014
 the Company approved the 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the &amp;#8220;2014 Plan&amp;#8221;) under which 1
479
200 shares of common stock may be issued or used for reference purposes as awards granted under the 2014 Plan. These awards may be in the form of stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock
 as well as other stock based and cash based awards. As of December&amp;#160;31
 2014
 the stock options granted were either time-based (cliff vest over 3 years) or performance-based (vest when performance targets are met
 as defined in the stock option grant agreement). &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;In addition to stock options granted under the 2014 Plan
 the Company issued restricted stock units to the board of directors as compensation for their services. The fair value of restricted stock units is based on the share price on the date of grant. These restricted stock units vest over one year
 but are not delivered until the end of the year. The Company will settle these awards by common stock transfer. During 2014 there were 24
166 restricted stock units granted.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;At December&amp;#160;31
 2014
 there were 943
198 shares of common stock available to be issued or used for reference purposes under the 2014 Plan. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Service Period Stock Options&amp;#8212;&lt;font style=font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;&gt;A summary of service period stock options outstanding and changes under the plans during the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2014 is presented below: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:1pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Options&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Shares&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;Average&lt;font style=font-weight:normal;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/font&gt;Exercise&amp;#160;Price&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Average&lt;br /&gt;Remaining&lt;font style=font-weight:normal;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/font&gt;Contractual&amp;#160;Term&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Aggregate&lt;br /&gt;Intrinsic&lt;br /&gt;Value&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2012&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
095
412&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;6.82&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Granted&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Exercised&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(7
953&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;6.28&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(4
719&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;6.72&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
082
740&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;6.91&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Granted&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;255
585&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;15.00&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Modified from Performance Based Options to Service Period Stock Options&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;680
753&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;7.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Exercised&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(741&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;6.27&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2
018
337&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;7.91&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;5.8&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;18
391
809&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Exercisable at December 31
 2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
064
565&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;6.81&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;4.5&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;10
914
048&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;No options were exercised during the year ended 2014 or 2012. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2013 was $6
559. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;A summary of the nonvested service period stock options as of December&amp;#160;31
 2014
 and changes during the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2014
 is presented below: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Number&amp;#160;of&lt;br /&gt;Options&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Weighted-Average&lt;br /&gt;Grant-Date Fair&lt;br /&gt;Value Per Share&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Nonvested as of December&amp;#160;31
 2013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;189
234&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;6.02&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Granted&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;255
585 &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;6.34&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Modified from Performance Based Options to Service Period Stock Options&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;680
753 &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;8.90&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Vested&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(171
059&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;5.83&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:75%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(741&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;6.25&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:75%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Nonvested as of December 31
 2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;953
772&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;8.16&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;As of December&amp;#160;31
 2014
 there is approximately $7
090
519 of total unrecognized compensation costs related to non-vested service period options
 of which $3
574
546 will be incurred in 2015
 $3
065
920 will be incurred in 2016
 and the remaining $450
053 will be incurred in 2017. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Performance Based Options&amp;#8212;&lt;font style=font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;&gt;Performance based option vesting is contingent upon the Company achieving certain annual or cumulative revenue goals. A summary of performance-based stock options outstanding and changes under the plans during the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2014 is presented below: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Options&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Shares&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;Average&lt;br /&gt;Exercise&lt;br /&gt;Price&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Average&lt;br /&gt;Remaining&lt;br /&gt;Contractual&lt;br /&gt;Term&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Aggregate&lt;br /&gt;Intrinsic&lt;br /&gt;Value&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%; border-top:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Outstanding at December&amp;#160;31
 2012&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;674
942&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;7.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Granted&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;11
094&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;7.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(5
283&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;7.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Outstanding at December&amp;#160;31
 2013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;680
753&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;7.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Granted&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;255
585&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;15.00&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Modified from Exit Event Options to Performance Based Options&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;657
693&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;7.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Modified from Performance Based Options to Service Period Stock Options&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(680
753&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;7.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Outstanding at December&amp;#160;31
 2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;913
278&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;9.31&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;7.1&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;7
078
163&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;No performance-based options are exercisable at December&amp;#160;31
 2014
 2013
 or 2012. A summary of the nonvested performance-based options as of December&amp;#160;31
 2014
 and changes during the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2014
 is presented below: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Number&amp;#160;of&lt;br /&gt;Options&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Weighted-Average&lt;br /&gt;Grant-Date Fair&lt;br /&gt;Value Per Share&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Outstanding at January&amp;#160;1
 2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;680
753 &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;5.85&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Granted&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;255
585 &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;6.41&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Modified from Exit Event Options to Performance Based Options&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;657
693 &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;9.31&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:75%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Modified from Performance Based Options to Service Period Stock Options&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(680
753&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(5.85&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:75%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Nonvested as of December 31
 2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;913
278&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;8.50&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;As of December&amp;#160;31
 2014
 there is approximately $7
623
690 of total unrecognized compensation costs related to non-vested performance based options
 which would be recognized if and when the contingent vesting criteria is met. Assuming all contingent vesting criteria is met each year
 $3
495
497 will be incurred in 2015
 $3
565
203 will be incurred in 2016
 and $562
990 will be incurred in 2017. As of December&amp;#160;31
 2014
 the achievement of the vesting criteria is considered probable. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Exit Event Options&amp;#8212;&lt;font style=font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;&gt;Exit event option vesting is contingent upon an the occurrence of an exit event
 which results from a Change of Control in the Company or an Initial Public Offering of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock under the Securities Act
 as defined in the option grant agreement. A summary of exit event stock options outstanding and changes under the plans during the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2014 is presented below: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Options&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Shares&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;Average&lt;br /&gt;Exercise&amp;#160;Price&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Average&lt;br /&gt;Remaining&lt;br /&gt;Contractual&amp;#160;Term&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Aggregate&lt;br /&gt;Intrinsic&lt;br /&gt;Value&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%; border-top:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Outstanding at December&amp;#160;31
 2012&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;873
508&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;7.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Granted&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;5
177&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;7.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(1
761&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;7.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;padding-top:1pt;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;padding-top:1pt;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;padding-top:1pt;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;padding-top:1pt;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Outstanding at December&amp;#160;31
 2013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;876
924&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;7.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=padding-top:1pt;text-align:center;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=padding-top:1pt;text-align:center;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=padding-top:1pt;text-align:center;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=padding-top:1pt;text-align:center;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Cancelled&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(219
231&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;7.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Modified from Exit Event Options to Performance Based Options&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(657
693&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;7.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;padding-top:1pt;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;padding-top:1pt;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;padding-top:1pt;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;padding-top:1pt;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Outstanding at December&amp;#160;31
 2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;No exit event options were exercisable at December&amp;#160;31
 2013
 or 2012. A summary of the nonvested service period stock options as of December&amp;#160;31
 2014
 and changes during the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2014
 is presented below: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Number&lt;br /&gt;of Options&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Weighted-Average&lt;br /&gt;Grant-Date Fair&lt;br /&gt;Value Per Share&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Outstanding at January&amp;#160;1
 2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;876
924 &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;5.85&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Cancelled&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(219
231&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;5.85&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:75%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Modified from Exit Event Options to Performance Based Options&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(657
693&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;5.85&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:75%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Nonvested as of December 31
 2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=padding-top:1pt;text-align:center;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:left;padding-top:1pt;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Grant Date Fair Value of Options&lt;font style=font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;The weighted average grant date fair value of options (service period options and performance based options) granted and modified during the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2014 was $8.35 per share. The weighted average grant date fair value of options granted during the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2013 and December&amp;#160;31
 2012 were $5.40 and 5.55&amp;#160;per share
 respectively. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-style:italic;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Expected Volatility &lt;font style=font-style:normal;&gt;- For the grants during the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2013 the expected volatility was based on the historical volatility of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The grants during the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2014 all occurred while the Company was publicly traded. Subsequent to the Company&amp;#8217;s IPO on November&amp;#160;6
 2014
 the Company no longer deemed it appropriate to use its historical volatility as the historical volatility was not representative of the Company&amp;#8217;s stock on the public market. As such the expected volatility used is based upon the volatility of a group of similar entities
 referred to as &amp;#8220;guideline&amp;#8221; companies. The Company considered factors such as industry
 stage of life cycle and size in considering these &amp;#8220;guideline&amp;#8221; companies.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-style:italic;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Weighted Average Expected Term &lt;font style=font-style:normal;&gt;- The Company determined the expected term based on the &amp;#8220;shortcut method&amp;#8221; described in FASB ASC 718
 Compensation &amp;#8211; &lt;/font&gt;Stock Compensation &lt;font style=font-style:normal;&gt;(an expected term based on the midpoint between the vesting date and the end of the contractual term). &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-style:italic;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Risk-Free Interest Rate- &lt;font style=font-style:normal;&gt;The risk-free interest rates are based on the U.S. Treasury yield for a period consistent with the expected term of the option in effect at the time of the grant. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-style:italic;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Expected Dividend Yield- &lt;font style=font-style:normal;&gt;The Company has not historically declared dividends
 and no future dividends are expected to be available to benefit option holders. Accordingly
 the Company used an expected dividend yield of zero in the valuation model. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:62%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=10 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Year Ended December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:62%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2012&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:62%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Expected volatility&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;41.9%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;86.0%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;91.2%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:62%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Average expected term in years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;3.9 - 6.6&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;7&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;7&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:62%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Risk-free interest rate&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1.01% - 2.09%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1.7%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1.2%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:62%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Expected dividend yield&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;0.0%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;0.0%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;0.0%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Note 13 &amp;#8211; Net Loss Attributable to Common Stockholders: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Basic net loss per common share is calculated by dividing net loss attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common share outstanding for the period. Diluted net loss per common share is computed by giving effect to all potentially dilutive securities. Diluted net loss per common share is the same as basic net loss per common share
 due to the fact that potentially dilutive securities would have an antidilutive effect as the Company incurred a net loss for the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2014 and 2013. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The computation of net income attributable to common stockholders is as follows: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td rowspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:58.68%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=10 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:38.88%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Year ended December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.26%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.2%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.26%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:11.18%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:0.74%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:11.18%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2012&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.26%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:58.68%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net Loss&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:11.04%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(37
339
017&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.26%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(21
687
155&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:0.74%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(18
656
498&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.26%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:58.68%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Preferred stock dividends on Series B and Series C&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.04%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(11
286
193&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.26%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(8
595
504&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:0.74%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(7
953
448&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.26%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=height:4.7pt;&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:58.68%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Additional loss attributable to common stockholders upon conversion of Series C Preferred Stock into common stock&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:11.04%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(82
654
683&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.26%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:36pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:0.74%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:36pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.26%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=height:4.7pt;&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:58.68%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net Loss attributable to common stockholders&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.04%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(131
279
893&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.26%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(30
282
659&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:0.74%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(26
609
946&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.26%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The potentially dilutive securities excluded from the determination of diluted loss per share
 as their effect is antidilutive
 are as follows: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:62%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=10 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Year ended December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:62%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2012&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:62%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Convertible Preferred Series C (on an as-if converted basis)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;7
713
455&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;7
598
805&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:62%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Service Period Stock Options&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
220
739&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
092
604&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
094
618&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:62%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Warrants&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;61
117&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;61
117&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;61
117&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:62%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
281
856&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;8
867
176&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;8
754
540&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Note 14 &amp;#8211; Retirement Plan: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The Company sponsors a safe harbor 401(k) plan covering all employees. All employees are eligible to participate. Active participants in the plan may make contributions of up to 25% of their compensation. Company contributions totaled approximately $307
754 in 2014
 $196
054 in 2013
 and $180


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Note 15 &amp;#8211; Related Party Transactions: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Payments made to a stockholder for distribution services totaled approximately $8
900
444 in 2014
 and $6
146
245 in 2013
 and $4
882
534 in 2012. Payments made to stockholders for the purchase of raw materials totaled approximately $5
545
835 in 2014
 $4
658
118 in 2013
 and $3
059
658 in 2012. In addition there were payments of $175
399 in 2014
  $678
371 in 2013
 and $707
686 in 2012
 related to rent and associated utilities and maintenance to a stockholder who is also a landlord of one of our locations. The rent and associated utilities and maintenance cost were at market rates. None of the above payments were made to any stockholder who is an employee
 board member
 subsidiary
 or affiliate of the Company. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;In connection with the $62
500
000 revolving note payable
 certain stockholders were guarantors of the note. The agreement stipulated that the Company will pay each guarantor a contingent fee equal to 10%&amp;#160;per annum of the amount that each guarantor committed to guarantee. Upon consummation of the IPO


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Note 16 &amp;#8211; Concentrations: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Concentration of Credit Risk&lt;font style=font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;The Company maintains its cash balances in financial institutions which are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250
000 each. At times
 such balances may be in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Major Customers&lt;font style=font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;&gt; &amp;#8211; In 2014
 2013
 and 2012 net sales to one of our distributors which sells directly to three of our customers &amp;#8211; accounted for 22% 28%
 and 20% of our net sales
 respectively. In 2014
 no customer accounted for more than 10% of our net sales while in 2013 and 2012 one customer accounted for 11% and 14%
 respectively
 of our net sales. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Major Suppliers &lt;font style=font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;&gt;&amp;#8211;The Company purchased approximately 54% of its raw materials from three vendors during 2014
 approximately 56% of its raw materials from three vendors during 2013
 and approximately 58% of its raw materials from three vendors during 2012. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The Company also purchased approximately 96% of its treats finished goods from three vendors in 2014
 approximately 78% from three vendors in 2013
 and approximately 76% from three vendors in 2012. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The Company purchased approximately 74% of its packaging material from three vendors during the twelve months ended December&amp;#160;31
 2014
 and approximately 67% of its packaging material from three vendors during the twelve months ended December&amp;#160;31
 2013. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net Sales by Class of Retail&lt;font style=font-style:normal;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;&gt;&amp;#8211; The following table sets forth net sales by class of retail.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:62%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=10 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Twelve months ended December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:62%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2012&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:62%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Grocery and Mass (1)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;65
212
966&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;49
731
873&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;33
985
199&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:62%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Pet Specialty
 Natural and Other (2)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;padding-top:1pt;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;padding-top:1pt;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;21
551
146&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;13
418
903&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;9
534
262&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:62%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net Sales&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;86
764
112&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;63
150
776&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;43
519
461&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div align=left&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:4.54%;white-space:nowrap&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(1)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:95.46%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Includes club retail class &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div align=left&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:4.54%;white-space:nowrap&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(2)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:95.46%;&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Note 17 &amp;#8211; Unaudited Quarterly Results: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Unaudited quarterly results for the years ended December&amp;#160;31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012 were as follows: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;First&lt;br /&gt;Quarter&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Second&lt;br /&gt;Quarter&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Third&lt;br /&gt;Quarter&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Fourth&lt;br /&gt;Quarter&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2014:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net sales&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;19
350
197&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;20
386
038&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;22
519
672&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;24
508
205&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Gain (loss) from operations&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(2
301
404&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(3
328
420&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(1
338
419&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;550
551&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net loss&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(5
142
223&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(6
266
803&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(9
483
241&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(16
446
750&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net loss attributable to common stockholders (1)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(7
485
640&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(10
771
077&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(12
380
254&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(100
642
922&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Basic earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.53&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.77&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(1.19&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(4.35&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Diluted earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.53&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.77&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(1.19&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(4.35&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2013:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=13 valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net sales&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;13
885
185&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;14
846
366&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;16
698
903&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;17
720
322&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Loss from operations&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(3
147
240&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(3
205
977&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(4
182
320&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(1
845
139&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net loss&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(4
719
104&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(5
253
194&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(6
495
643&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(5
219
214&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net loss attributable to common stockholders&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(6
751
248&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(7
364
129&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(8
647
369&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(7
519
913&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Basic earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.65&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.71&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.83&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.72&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Diluted earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.65&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.71&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.83&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.72&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2012:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=13 valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net sales&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;9
382
537&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;10
536
726&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;11
226
549&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;12
373
649&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Loss from operations&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(4
104
712&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(3
517
450&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(4
671
886&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(2
453
143&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net loss&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(4
388
417&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(4
178
740&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(6
017
866&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(4
071
475&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net loss attributable to common stockholders&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(6
342
042&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(6
151
618&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(8
020
532&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(6
095
754&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Basic earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.61&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.59&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.77&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.59&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Diluted earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.61&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.59&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.77&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.59&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:4pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div align=left&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; width:96.67%;margin-left:3.33%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:3.33%;white-space:nowrap&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;font-size:10pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(1)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:96.67%;&gt;






&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Estimates and Uncertainties&lt;font style=font-weight:normal;&gt; &amp;#8211; The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
 as determined at a later date




&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Accounts Receivable&lt;font style=font-weight:normal;&gt; &amp;#8211; The Company records trade accounts receivable at net realizable value. This value includes an appropriate allowance for estimated uncollectible accounts. On a periodic basis


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Inventories&lt;font style=font-weight:normal;&gt; &amp;#8211; Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market
 using the first-in
 first-out method. When necessary
 the Company provides allowances to adjust the carrying value of its inventories to the lower of cost or net realizable value
 including any costs to sell or dispose and consideration for obsolescence
 excessive inventory levels


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Deferred Offering Cost&lt;font style=font-style:italic;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-weight:normal;&gt;- Deferred offering costs
 which primarily consist of direct incremental legal and accounting fees relating to the initial public offering (&amp;#8220;IPO&amp;#8221;) of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock are capitalized. The deferred offering costs were offset against IPO proceeds upon the consummation of the offering. We closed our IPO on November&amp;#160;13


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment&lt;font style=font-weight:normal;&gt; &amp;#8211; Property
 plant and equipment are recorded at cost. The Company provides for depreciation on the straight-line method by charges to income at rates based upon estimated recovery periods of 7 years for furniture and office equipment
 5 years for automotive equipment
 6 &amp;#8211; 9 years for refrigeration equipment
 5 &amp;#8211; 10 years for machinery and equipment
 and 15 &amp;#8211; 39 years for building and improvements. Capitalized cost includes the costs incurred to bring the property
 plant and equipment to the condition and location necessary for its intended use
 which includes any necessary delivery


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Long-Lived Assets&lt;font style=font-weight:normal;&gt; &amp;#8211; The Company evaluates all long-lived assets for impairment. Long-lived assets are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to estimated undiscounted future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated undiscounted future net cash flows
 an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. Recoverability of assets held for sale is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset or asset group to their fair value less estimated costs to sell. Estimating future cash flows and calculating fair value of assets requires significant estimates and assumptions by management. If the carrying amount is not fully recoverable
 an impairment loss is recognized to reduce the carry amount to fair value


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Income Taxes &lt;font style=font-weight:normal;&gt;&amp;#8211; The Company provides for deferred income taxes for temporary differences between financial and income tax reporting
 principally net operating loss carryforwards
 depreciation
 and share-based compensation. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;A valuation allowance is appropriate when management believes it is more likely than not
 the deferred tax asset will not be realized. At December&amp;#160;31
 2014 and 2013


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Revenue Recognition and Incentives &lt;font style=font-weight:normal;&gt;&amp;#8211; Revenue from product sales is recognized upon shipment to the customers as terms are free on board (FOB) shipping point
 at which point title and risk of loss is transferred and the selling price is fixed or determinable. This completes the revenue-earning process specifically that an arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred
 ownership has transferred
 the price is fixed and collectability is reasonably assured. A provision for payment discounts and product return allowances
 which is estimated based upon the Company&amp;#8217;s historical performance
 management&amp;#8217;s experience and current economic trends
 is recorded as a reduction of sales in the same period that the revenue is recognized. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Trade incentives
 consisting primarily of customer pricing allowances and merchandising funds
 and consumer coupons are offered through various programs to customers and consumers. Sales are recorded net of estimated trade incentive spending
 which is recognized as incurred at the time of sale. Accruals for expected payouts under these programs are included as accrued expense in the consolidated balance sheet. Coupon redemption costs are also recognized as reductions of net sales when the coupons are issued. Estimates of trade promotion expense and coupon redemption costs are based upon programs offered
 timing of those offers
 estimated redemption/usage rates from historical performance


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Advertising&lt;font style=font-weight:normal;&gt; &amp;#8211; Advertising costs
 consisting primarily of media ads
 are expensed as incurred. Advertising costs in 2014
 2013
 and 2012 were $14
231
930
 $12
037
402
 and $10
666


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Shipping and Handling Costs/Freight Out&lt;font style=font-weight:normal;&gt; &amp;#8211; Costs incurred for shipping and handling are included in selling
 general
 and administrative expenses within the statement of operations and comprehensive loss. Shipping and handling costs primarily consist of costs associated with moving finished products to customers
 including costs associated with distribution center and the cost of shipping products to customers through third-party carriers. Shipping and handling cost totaled $9
447
406
 $6
872
953
 and $5
170
367 for the years ended 2014
 2013
 and 2012


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Share Based Compensation&lt;font style=font-weight:normal;&gt; &amp;#8211; The Company recognizes share based compensation based on the value of the portion of share-based payment awards that is ultimately expected to vest during the period. Share-based compensation expense recognized in the statement of operations included compensation expense for share based payment awards granted subsequent to December&amp;#160;31
 2006
 based on the grant date fair value estimated. Share awards are amortized under the straight-line method over the requisite service period of the entire award. The Company uses historical data to estimate pre-vesting option forfeitures and record stock based compensation expense only for those awards that are expected to vest. To the extent actual forfeitures differ from the estimates
 the difference will be recorded as a cumulative adjustment in the period that the estimates are revised. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The Company determines the fair value of the stock options granted as either the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instruments issued


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;font style=font-weight:normal;&gt; &amp;#8211; Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) guidance specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based on whether the inputs to those valuation techniques are observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources
 while unobservable inputs reflect market assumptions. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurement) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurement). &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are as follows: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div align=left&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; width:97.73%;margin-left:2.27%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:2.27%;white-space:nowrap&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;font-family:&apos;Symbol&apos;;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:97.73%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Level 1 &amp;#8211; Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity has the ability to access at the measurement date. Level 1 primarily consists of financial instruments whose value is based on quoted market prices such as exchange-traded instruments and listed equities. &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div align=left&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; width:97.73%;margin-left:2.27%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:2.27%;white-space:nowrap&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;font-family:&apos;Symbol&apos;;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:97.73%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Level 2 &amp;#8211; Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly (e.g.
 quoted prices of similar assets or liabilities in active markets
 or quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active). Level 2 includes financial instruments that are valued using models or other valuation methodologies. &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div align=left&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; width:97.73%;margin-left:2.27%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:2.27%;white-space:nowrap&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;font-family:&apos;Symbol&apos;;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:97.73%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Level 3 &amp;#8211; Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. Financial instruments are considered Level 3 when their fair values are determined using pricing models
 discounted cash flows or similar techniques and at least one significant model assumption or input is unobservable. &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The carrying amounts reported in the balance sheets for cash and cash equivalents
 other receivables
 accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate their fair value based on the short-term maturity of these instruments. The warrant liability is recorded at fair value with changes in fair value reflected in the statement of operations and comprehensive loss. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;As of December 31
 2014


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;In April 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-08
 &amp;#8220;Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity
&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASU 2014-08&amp;#8221;). Under ASU 2014-08
 only disposals representing a strategic shift in operations that have a major effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s operations and financial results should be presented as discontinued operations. Additionally
 ASU 2014-08 requires expanded disclosures about discontinued operations that will provide financial statement users with more information about the assets
 liabilities
 income
 and expenses of discontinued operations. The amendments in ASU 2014-08 are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December&amp;#160;15
 2014. However
 ASU 2014-08 should not be applied to a component that is classified as held for sale before the effective date even if the component is disposed of after the effective date. Early adoption is permitted
 but only for disposals (or classifications as held for sale) that have not been reported in financial statements previously issued. The effects of ASU 2014-08 will depend on any future disposals by the Company. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;On May&amp;#160;28
 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#160;2014-09
 &amp;#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&amp;#8221;
 which requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. The ASU will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in U.S. GAAP when it becomes effective. The new standard is effective for the Company on January&amp;#160;1


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Inventories are summarized as follows: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=6 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Raw materials&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2
321
458&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
431
422&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Packaging components material&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
158
967&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;805
424&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:75%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Finished goods&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;3
905
219&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;3
459
707&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;7
385
644&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;5
696
553&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:75%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Reserve for obsolescence&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(71
493&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(184
328&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:75%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;7
314
151&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;5
512
225&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment
 net are summarized as follows: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td rowspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=6 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Refrigeration equipment&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;47
789
991&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;35
649
423&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;19
677
778&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;20
767
207&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Building and improvements&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;9
985
917&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;9
892
291&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Furniture and office equipment&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
826
249&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
727
248&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;627
962&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
474
741&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Construction in progress&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
941
754&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;143
274&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:75%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Automotive equipment&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;314
885&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;313
930&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;82
164
536&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;69
968
114&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:75%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(24
338
575&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(21
204
082&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:75%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;57
825
961&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;48
764
032&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;A summary of income taxes as follows: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td rowspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:61.66%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td rowspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:1.12%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=9 valign=bottom style=width:36.06%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=width:9.78%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=width:1.34%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.32%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:11.12%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2012&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:61.66%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Current:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.12%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:9.78%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.34%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:9.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:9.96%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:61.66%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Federal&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.12%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:9.78%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.34%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:9.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:9.96%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:61.66%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;State&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.12%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:9.78%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;41
753&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.34%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:9.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;31
525&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:9.96%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;32
776&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:61.66%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.12%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:9.78%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;41
753&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.34%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:9.16%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;31
525&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:9.96%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;32
776&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:18pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The reconciliation of the statutory federal income tax rate to the Company&amp;#8217;s effective tax is presented below: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td rowspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:64.98%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=9 valign=bottom style=width:32.62%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
 &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:2.4%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=width:0.82%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=width:8.72%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=top style=width:10.08%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:0.54%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.12%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2012&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:2.4%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:64.98%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Tax at federal statutory rate&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:0.82%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:8.72%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;34.00&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:0.54%; border-top:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:9.54%; border-top:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;34.00&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:0.54%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:0.64%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:9.48%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;34.00&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:2.4%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:64.98%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;State taxes
 net of federal&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:0.82%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:8.72%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;0.13&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:0.54%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:9.54%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:0.54%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:0.64%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:9.48%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;0.11&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:2.4%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:64.98%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Permanent items&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:0.82%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:8.72%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(18.40&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:0.54%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:9.54%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.37&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:0.54%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:0.64%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:9.48%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.84&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:2.4%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:64.98%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Other&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:0.82%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:8.72%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(1.58&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:0.54%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:9.54%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;0.33&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:0.54%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:0.64%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:9.48%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;0.55&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:2.4%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:64.98%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:0.82%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:8.72%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(14.26&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%)&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:0.54%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;padding-top:1pt;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:9.54%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;padding-top:1pt;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(34.00&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:0.54%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:0.64%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:9.48%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(34.00&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:2.4%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:64.98%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Effective tax rate&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:0.82%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:8.72%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.11&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%)&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:0.54%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=padding-top:1pt;text-align:center;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:9.54%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;padding-top:1pt;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.14&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:0.54%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:0.64%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:9.48%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.18&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:2.4%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;%)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are as follows: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td rowspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:61.66%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=10 valign=bottom style=width:37.18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=width:0.84%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=width:10.04%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=width:1.42%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.12%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:11.28%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2012&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:61.66%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net deferred tax asset carryforward&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:0.84%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10.04%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;59
942
144&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.42%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.18%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:8.96%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;48
735
783&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10.12%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;41
034
013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:61.66%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Fees on debt guarantee&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:0.84%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.42%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.18%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:8.96%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;2
692
877&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.12%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;721
670&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:61.66%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Stock option expense&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:0.84%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10.04%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
742
186&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.42%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.18%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:8.96%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;1
028
880&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10.12%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;707
505&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:61.66%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Property and equipment&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:0.84%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(4
605
896&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.42%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.18%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:8.96%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;(1
675
683&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.12%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;454
480&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:61.66%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Other&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:0.84%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10.04%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;48
224&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.42%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.18%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:8.96%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;1
026
231&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10.12%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
284
161&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:61.66%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Less: Valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:0.84%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.04%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(57
126
658&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.42%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;padding-top:1pt;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:8.96%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;padding-top:1pt;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(51
808
088&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10.12%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(44
201
829&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:61.66%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net deferred tax&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:0.84%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10.04%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.42%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:8.96%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10.12%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net deferred tax assets and liabilities are summarized as follows: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td rowspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:63.82%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=10 valign=bottom style=width:35.02%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=width:7.18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=width:1.52%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.22%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.42%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:11.18%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2012&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:63.82%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:7.18%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;61
732
553&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.52%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.22%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.6%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;53
483
771&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;44
201
829&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:63.82%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:7.18%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(4
605
895&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.52%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.22%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.6%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;(1
675
683&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:63.82%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:7.18%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(57
126
658&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.52%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.22%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.6%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;padding-top:1pt;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;padding-top:1pt;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;(51
808
088&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(44
201
829&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:63.82%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net deferred income tax assets&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:7.18%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.52%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.22%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.6%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Accrued expenses are summarized as follows: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td rowspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:74.34%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=6 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:23.34%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.5%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:10.5%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:74.34%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Accrued payroll&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:9.34%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
802
756&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:9.34%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
131
880&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:74.34%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Other accrued expenses&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:9.34%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;383
679&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:9.34%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;259
018&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:74.34%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Other accrued interest&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:9.34%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;22
500&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:9.34%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;307
064&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:74.34%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Accrued marketing&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:9.34%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;127
028&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:9.34%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:36pt;;text-indent:-18pt;;font-family:&apos;Symbol&apos;;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size:10pt;font-family:&apos;Symbol&apos;&gt;&amp;#190;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:74.34%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Accrued freight&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:9.34%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;97
561&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:9.34%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;166
472&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:74.34%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Accrued chiller maintenance&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:9.34%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;349
792&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:9.34%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;43
047&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:74.34%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Accrued sales and use tax&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;padding-top:1pt;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:9.34%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;padding-top:1pt;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;155
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:9.34%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:36pt;;text-indent:-18pt;;font-family:&apos;Symbol&apos;;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size:10pt;font-family:&apos;Symbol&apos;&gt;&amp;#190;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:74.34%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=padding-top:1pt;text-align:center;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:9.34%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;padding-top:1pt;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;2
938
316&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:9.34%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
907
481&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;A detailed cash flow related to debt throughout 2014 is summarized in the table below:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:82.78%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:0.22%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.84%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=height:3.5pt;&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:82.78%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; Borrowings on long-term debt&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td rowspan=2 valign=top style=width:0.22%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.84%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td rowspan=2 valign=top style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=height:3.5pt;&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:82.78%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:36pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Borrowings on $27
000
000 Revolving Note Payable&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:14.84%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;9
000
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:82.78%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:36pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Borrowings on $62
500
000 Revolving Note Payable&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:0.22%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.84%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2
500
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=height:3.5pt;&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:82.78%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Total borrowings on long-term debt&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td rowspan=3 valign=top bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:0.22%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:14.84%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;11
500
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=height:3.5pt;&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:82.78%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Repayment on long-term debt&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.84%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=height:3.5pt;&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:82.78%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:36pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Repayment of $27
000
000 Revolving Note Payable&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:14.84%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;(24
000
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=height:3.5pt;&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:82.78%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:36pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Repayment of $62
500
000 Revolving Note Payable &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td rowspan=2 valign=top style=width:0.22%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.84%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(62
500
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=height:3.5pt;&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:82.78%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:36pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Pay down of $1
500
000 10% Note&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:14.84%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(1
500
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=height:3.5pt;&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:82.78%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Total repayment on long-term debt&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td rowspan=2 valign=top style=width:0.22%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.84%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(88
000
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=height:3.5pt;&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:82.78%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Net borrowings on short-term debt&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:14.84%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:82.78%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:36pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Borrowings on $40
000
000 Credit Facilities&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:0.22%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.84%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;18
000
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:82.78%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:36pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Repayment of $40
000
000 Credit Facilities &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:0.22%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:14.84%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(18
000
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:82.78%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:36pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Borrowings on $2
000
000 Convertible Shareholder Note&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:0.22%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.84%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2
000
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:82.78%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:36pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Repayment of $2
000
000 Convertible Shareholder Note&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:0.22%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:14.84%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(2
000
000&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:82.78%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:36pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:0.22%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.84%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:36pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;As of December&amp;#160;31
 2014
 future minimum rentals due under these leases were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:88%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;br /&gt;2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:88%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;370
318&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:88%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;348
153&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:88%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;29
013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:88%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;747
484&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;See the table below for detail over the cumulative dividends.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:83.2%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:15.64%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:83.2%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Fair value per Series C share on November 13
 2014 (date of conversion)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.6%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.04%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;166
683
790&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:83.2%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Cash proceeds received
 net of issuance costs (1)&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.6%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:14.04%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(64
341
539&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:83.2%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Cumulative dividend accretion at December 31
 2013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.6%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.04%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(12
672
925&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=height:5.6pt;&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:83.2%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Dividend accretion during 2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.6%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:14.04%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(7
014
643&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:83.2%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Additional loss to common shareholders upon conversion of Series C to common stock&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.5%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:14.14%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;82
654
683&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div align=left&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; width:96.67%;margin-left:3.33%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:3.33%;white-space:nowrap&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(1)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:96.67%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8211; Represents the cash proceeds received
 net of issuance costs


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Service Period Stock Options&amp;#8212;&lt;font style=font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;&gt;A summary of service period stock options outstanding and changes under the plans during the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2014 is presented below: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:1pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Options&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Shares&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;Average&lt;font style=font-weight:normal;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/font&gt;Exercise&amp;#160;Price&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Average&lt;br /&gt;Remaining&lt;font style=font-weight:normal;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/font&gt;Contractual&amp;#160;Term&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Aggregate&lt;br /&gt;Intrinsic&lt;br /&gt;Value&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2012&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
095
412&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;6.82&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Granted&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Exercised&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(7
953&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;6.28&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(4
719&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;6.72&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
082
740&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;6.91&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Granted&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;255
585&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;15.00&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Modified from Performance Based Options to Service Period Stock Options&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;680
753&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;7.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Exercised&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(741&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;6.27&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2
018
337&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;7.91&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;5.8&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;18
391
809&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Exercisable at December 31
 2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
064
565&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;6.81&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;4.5&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-top:double 2.5pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;10
914
048&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;A summary of the nonvested service period stock options as of December&amp;#160;31
 2014
 and changes during the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2014
 is presented below: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Number&amp;#160;of&lt;br /&gt;Options&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Weighted-Average&lt;br /&gt;Grant-Date Fair&lt;br /&gt;Value Per Share&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Nonvested as of December&amp;#160;31
 2013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;189
234&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;6.02&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Granted&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;255
585 &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;6.34&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Modified from Performance Based Options to Service Period Stock Options&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;680
753 &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;8.90&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Vested&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(171
059&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;5.83&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:75%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(741&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;6.25&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:75%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Nonvested as of December 31
 2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;953
772&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;8.16&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;A summary of performance-based stock options outstanding and changes under the plans during the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2014 is presented below:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Options&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Shares&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;Average&lt;br /&gt;Exercise&lt;br /&gt;Price&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Average&lt;br /&gt;Remaining&lt;br /&gt;Contractual&lt;br /&gt;Term&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Aggregate&lt;br /&gt;Intrinsic&lt;br /&gt;Value&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%; border-top:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Outstanding at December&amp;#160;31
 2012&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;674
942&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;7.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Granted&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;11
094&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;7.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(5
283&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;7.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Outstanding at December&amp;#160;31
 2013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;680
753&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;7.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Granted&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;255
585&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;15.00&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Modified from Exit Event Options to Performance Based Options&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;657
693&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;7.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Modified from Performance Based Options to Service Period Stock Options&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(680
753&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;7.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Outstanding at December&amp;#160;31
 2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;913
278&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;9.31&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;7.1&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;7
078
163&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;A summary of the nonvested performance-based options as of December&amp;#160;31
 2014
 and changes during the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2014
 is presented below:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Number&amp;#160;of&lt;br /&gt;Options&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Weighted-Average&lt;br /&gt;Grant-Date Fair&lt;br /&gt;Value Per Share&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Outstanding at January&amp;#160;1
 2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;680
753 &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;5.85&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Granted&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;255
585 &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;6.41&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Modified from Exit Event Options to Performance Based Options&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;657
693 &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;9.31&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:75%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Modified from Performance Based Options to Service Period Stock Options&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(680
753&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(5.85&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:75%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Nonvested as of December 31
 2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;913
278&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;8.50&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;A summary of exit event stock options outstanding and changes under the plans during the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2014 is presented below:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Options&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Shares&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;Average&lt;br /&gt;Exercise&amp;#160;Price&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Average&lt;br /&gt;Remaining&lt;br /&gt;Contractual&amp;#160;Term&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Aggregate&lt;br /&gt;Intrinsic&lt;br /&gt;Value&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%; border-top:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Outstanding at December&amp;#160;31
 2012&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;873
508&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;7.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Granted&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;5
177&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;7.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(1
761&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;7.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;padding-top:1pt;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;padding-top:1pt;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;padding-top:1pt;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;padding-top:1pt;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Outstanding at December&amp;#160;31
 2013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;876
924&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;7.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=padding-top:1pt;text-align:center;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=padding-top:1pt;text-align:center;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=padding-top:1pt;text-align:center;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=padding-top:1pt;text-align:center;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Cancelled&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(219
231&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;7.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Modified from Exit Event Options to Performance Based Options&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(657
693&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;7.10&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;padding-top:1pt;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;padding-top:1pt;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;padding-top:1pt;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;padding-top:1pt;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Outstanding at December&amp;#160;31
 2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;No exit event options were exercisable at December&amp;#160;31
 2013
 or 2012. A summary of the nonvested service period stock options as of December&amp;#160;31
 2014
 and changes during the year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2014
 is presented below: &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Number&lt;br /&gt;of Options&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Weighted-Average&lt;br /&gt;Grant-Date Fair&lt;br /&gt;Value Per Share&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Outstanding at January&amp;#160;1
 2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;876
924 &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;5.85&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:75%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Cancelled&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(219
231&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;5.85&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:75%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Modified from Exit Event Options to Performance Based Options&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(657
693&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;5.85&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:75%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Nonvested as of December 31
 2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=padding-top:1pt;text-align:center;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:left;padding-top:1pt;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-style:italic;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Expected Dividend Yield- &lt;font style=font-style:normal;&gt;The Company has not historically declared dividends
 and no future dividends are expected to be available to benefit option holders. Accordingly
 the Company used an expected dividend yield of zero in the valuation model. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:62%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=10 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Year Ended December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:62%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2012&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:62%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Expected volatility&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;41.9%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;86.0%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;91.2%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:62%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Average expected term in years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;3.9 - 6.6&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;7&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;7&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:62%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Risk-free interest rate&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1.01% - 2.09%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1.7%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1.2%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:62%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Expected dividend yield&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;0.0%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;0.0%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;0.0%&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The computation of net income attributable to common stockholders is as follows: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td rowspan=2 valign=bottom style=width:58.68%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=10 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:38.88%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Year ended December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.26%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:12.2%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.26%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:11.18%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:0.74%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:11.18%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2012&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.26%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:58.68%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net Loss&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:11.04%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(37
339
017&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.26%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(21
687
155&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:0.74%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(18
656
498&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.26%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:58.68%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Preferred stock dividends on Series B and Series C&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.04%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(11
286
193&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.26%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(8
595
504&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:0.74%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(7
953
448&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.26%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=height:4.7pt;&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:58.68%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Additional loss attributable to common stockholders upon conversion of Series C Preferred Stock into common stock&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:11.04%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(82
654
683&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.26%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:36pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:0.74%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:36pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1.26%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=height:4.7pt;&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:58.68%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net Loss attributable to common stockholders&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:11.04%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(131
279
893&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.26%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(30
282
659&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:0.74%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.16%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(26
609
946&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1.26%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:12pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;The potentially dilutive securities excluded from the determination of diluted loss per share
 as their effect is antidilutive
 are as follows: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:62%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=10 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Year ended December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:62%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2012&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:62%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Convertible Preferred Series C (on an as-if converted basis)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;7
713
455&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;7
598
805&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:62%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Service Period Stock Options&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
220
739&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
092
604&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
094
618&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:62%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Warrants&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;61
117&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;61
117&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;61
117&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:62%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;1
281
856&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;8
867
176&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;8
754
540&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net Sales by Class of Retail&lt;font style=font-style:normal;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;&gt;&amp;#8211; The following table sets forth net sales by class of retail.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:62%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=10 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Twelve months ended December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:62%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2013&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2012&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:62%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Grocery and Mass (1)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;65
212
966&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;49
731
873&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;33
985
199&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:62%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Pet Specialty
 Natural and Other (2)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;padding-top:1pt;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;padding-top:1pt;margin-top:1pt;margin-bottom:0pt;border-top:nil 0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;21
551
146&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=middle style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;13
418
903&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;9
534
262&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%; border-bottom:solid 0.75pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:62%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net Sales&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;86
764
112&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;63
150
776&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%; border-top:solid 0.75pt #000000; border-bottom:double 2.5pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;43
519
461&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%; border-bottom:double 2.5pt transparent;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div align=left&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:4.54%;white-space:nowrap&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(1)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:95.46%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Includes club retail class &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div align=left&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:4.54%;white-space:nowrap&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(2)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:95.46%;&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Unaudited quarterly results for the years ended December&amp;#160;31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012 were as follows: &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=border-collapse:collapse; width:100%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;First&lt;br /&gt;Quarter&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Second&lt;br /&gt;Quarter&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Third&lt;br /&gt;Quarter&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom style=padding-left:0.7pt;padding-Right:0.7pt;padding-Top:0pt;padding-Bottom:0pt;width:1%; border-bottom:solid 1pt #000000;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:center;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-weight:bold;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Fourth&lt;br /&gt;Quarter&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:8pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2014:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net sales&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;19
350
197&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;20
386
038&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;22
519
672&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;24
508
205&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Gain (loss) from operations&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(2
301
404&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(3
328
420&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(1
338
419&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;550
551&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net loss&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(5
142
223&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(6
266
803&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(9
483
241&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(16
446
750&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net loss attributable to common stockholders (1)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(7
485
640&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(10
771
077&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(12
380
254&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(100
642
922&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Basic earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.53&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.77&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(1.19&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(4.35&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Diluted earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.53&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.77&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(1.19&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(4.35&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2013:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=13 valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net sales&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;13
885
185&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;14
846
366&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;16
698
903&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;17
720
322&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Loss from operations&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(3
147
240&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(3
205
977&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(4
182
320&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(1
845
139&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net loss&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(4
719
104&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(5
253
194&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(6
495
643&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(5
219
214&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net loss attributable to common stockholders&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(6
751
248&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(7
364
129&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(8
647
369&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(7
519
913&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Basic earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.65&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.71&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.83&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.72&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Diluted earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.65&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.71&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.83&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.72&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;2012:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=13 valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net sales&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;9
382
537&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;10
536
726&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;11
226
549&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;12
373
649&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Loss from operations&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(4
104
712&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(3
517
450&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(4
671
886&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(2
453
143&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net loss&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(4
388
417&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(4
178
740&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(6
017
866&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(4
071
475&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Net loss attributable to common stockholders&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(6
342
042&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(6
151
618&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(8
020
532&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(6
095
754&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Basic earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.61&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.59&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.77&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.59&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:49%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:12pt;;text-indent:-12pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;Diluted earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.61&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.59&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.77&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-size:10pt;font-family:Arial;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:10%;&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:right;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(0.59&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=bottom bgcolor=#CFF0FC style=width:1%;white-space:nowrap;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-left:0pt;;text-indent:0pt;;font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:0pt;text-indent:0%;font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:4pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div align=left&gt;
&lt;table border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=border-collapse:collapse; width:96.67%;margin-left:3.33%;&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:3.33%;white-space:nowrap&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align:justify;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-top:6pt;font-size:10pt;font-family:Times New Roman;font-weight:normal;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-variant: normal;&gt;(1)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td valign=top style=width:96.67%;&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 for every $16.39 that was borrowed with the notes

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 it could elect to use a 1
 2

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



 net of issuance costs



    






    






    












































        
        
        
        






        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 Plant and Equipment - Summary of Property
 Plant and Equipment

        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        








































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    


    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    




    

    

    


 plant and equipment



    


    


    


    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    


 less allowance for doubtful accounts of $359
425 on December 31
 2014 and $243
777 on December 31


    




    

    

    

    

    


 plant and equipment


    
    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    
    

    

    
    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    


 $0.001 par value
 200
000
000 and 54
000
000 shares authorized
 33
468
342 and 10
421
419 issued and outstanding on December 31
 2014 and 2013


    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    

    


    


    

    

    

    

    

    


 GENERAL


    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    
    

    

    




    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    


    


    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    
    

    

    




    

    

    




    

    

    

    

    

    

    




    
    
    






    


952 shares of common stock for cash


    




    
    
    

    

    




    

    


    

    
    
    
    
    

    


    


    


    


    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    

    

    
    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    
    

    

    

    

    


 plant and equipment


    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    




    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    





    

    

    

    

    

    
    
    




    

    


    

    

    

    

    


    

    

    





    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    
    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    
    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    




    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    


 Plant and Equipment


    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    

    

    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    


 Plant and Equipment


    


 Plant and Equipment


    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    


 plant and equipment


    

    

    

 plant and equipment


    

    

    

    




    

    

    




    




    




    




    




    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    


    


    

    




    
    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    


    


    

    
    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    


    


    

    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    
    


    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    

    

    

    


    


    


    

    

    

    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    


500

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    


000

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    


500

    




    




    

    


000

    

    

    
    

    

    
    

    


000

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    


000


    


000


    


000


    


000


    

    

    




    

    

    




    
    
    

    





    

    

    
    
    

    

    




    




    


 unused capacity


    




    




    




    
    

    

    
    

    

    

    

    

    


    





    
    
    


    

    


    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    

    

    
    

    

    




    





    

    




    

    

    

    


    

    

    

    

    

    




    
    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    




    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    

    

    
    

    

    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    




    

    

    




    

    

    

    

    

    


    


    





    




    


    


    




    




    




    




    

    


    





    




    


    


    




    




    






    




    




    




    




    

    

    

    





    


    




    




    



    


    


    





    




    


    


    


    




    




    



    

    

    

    

    



    




    




    

    


    


    



    


    


    

    

    

    

    

    

    




    




    

    

    

    


    

    

    

    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    
    

    

    

    

    




    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    

    

    
    

    

    
    

    


 Board Member

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    

    

    
    

    

    




    

    





    
    
    

    

    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    

    



    

    

    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    









































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Property
 Plant and Equipment - Summary of Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net (Details) (USD $)











        
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 gross
$ 82
164
536
$ 69
968
114


        
(24
338
575)
(21
204
082)


Property
 plant and equipment
 net
57
825
961
48
764
032


        
        
        


        
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 gross
47
789
991
35
649
423


        
        
        


        
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 gross
19
677
778
20
767
207


        
        
        


        
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 gross
9
985
917
9
892
291


        
        
        


        
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 gross
1
826
249
1
727
248


        
        
        


        
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 gross
627
962
1
474
741


        
        
        


        
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 gross
1
941
754
143
274


        
        
        


        
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 gross
$ 314
885
$ 313
930




        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      










        
        
        


        
61
117
        


Warrant issued to purchase shares of voting common stock
 per share
        
        


        
        
        


        
$ 706
940
$ 369
564




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 500
000 warrants may be converted into 1
000
000 shares.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 mandatory redemption
 or due date
 month and year (YYYY-MM)
 of the financial instrument issued in exchange for the original debt being converted in a noncash (or part noncash) transaction. Part noncash refers to that portion of the transaction not resulting in cash receipts or cash payments in the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
$ 11
500
000


        
        


        
(88
000
000)


$27
000
000 Revolving Note Payable
        


        
        


        
9
000
000


        
        


        
(24
000
000)


$62
500
000 Revolving Note Payable
        


        
        


        
2
500
000


        
        


        
(62
500
000)


$1
500
000 10% Note
        


        
        


        
(1
500
000)


$40
000
000 Credit Facilities | Revolving Credit Facility
        


        
        


Borrowings on $40
000
000 Credit Facilities
18
000
000


Repayment of $40
000
000 Credit Facilities
(18
000
000)


$2
000
000 Convertible Shareholder Note
        


        
        


Borrowings on $2
000
000 Convertible Shareholder Note
2
000
000


Repayment of $2
000
000 Convertible Shareholder Note
$ (2
000
000)




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#8O%`R5`(``%HH```3``@6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=
M+GAM;"B!`(HH``````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````#
VL&.VC`4!=!]I?Y#Y&U%



']TPGOG[@N?[OL5'X]J:DGOMPE?=QQA\V_%?UFU^6KM)3P\Y



MU0S%U0P%U@Q%5H$BJT15:#(*E!D%2BRA19!8JL`D56@2*K0)%5HL@J4625
M*+)*%%DEBJP215:)(JM$D56BRI19,U19,U19,U19,U19,U19,U19,U19,U1
M9,U19,U19%4HLBH4616*K`I%5H4BJT*15:'(JE!D52BR*A19Q19Q19Q19





M``8`````$`M54P(_4```!
`@``P`(`E]R96QS+RYR96QS(*($`BB@``(`
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`````````````````````(R2ST[#,`S&[TB\0^3[ZFY(*&ENTQ(NR%4'L`D
M[A^UC:

MGA






9&$32SQV(@0B`C-1H2&B-!L1&B(
-&
MA(&(


M



!
'E6*
M+4`UQF9E.9=_ORU#X-@[^:).+C[M9WNF5??7_?)*U7H7*9I==.]UO':8DT







?B)

M


?58


%\Y)D6M?UJUB%FCAN/0/L6T

/I8Z=!NJ9CC_G='AE+Q]L2*]\CO5!I$,+Z68=1A$IFE12ZSI]#+'

$
M%``&``@````A`#

?]
M]SO&#GA
?#QOWG





K5$*2\Z(OM?=N\.5!YH+N[%+*.R1T0
MR^@PB+'R

@






2
MR@
(M%U/FCF$?27$8-=R(FVW(6:?\C%E&.=H6YNN`TX32R%&8$@2B)0IAG


[R)59BI
MQIBRU%/32JXQJGQ@AM+)&U8IAY6A\O
!3]1H0^JFG:V#IC#C!OPX^0AT*_D(
M!


8KY-*91.&D=0I-C

JM^%J]
M.-689'BU65K:
3FOVFS#S'

)RNC6.?#K)4N'$U'[STWPJPG%*+*Y^JF88J

YJ`PGLE3D5
3;`9`J5VLL:8Y:*


M6Q0V\:7A'=S,Q.S*C%'VBT3'/#A(WYP(2ZZ%-W6+5H#R(3IU/GE
V+O
2C


MVG^_:YO0`


[N71
MO2

6\S#&




M7

;V70#GG*O#@S[M=*?0]7\```#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````

MR6[;


\R8O_LY0D3=X1RU=K[0Z(!@:T#0#=2.8+('9.9M!
M??[L#RYF!L7Y$

0SD]E;-!UX
MHEF
E

MQ1:7P^'L[[7=R^\\YZI5$ST.0K]`'FT+T7%^B9'/W\\WR1IS3I*]*)GN;H
ME2ITM_GX87T4\DFUE&H/&'J5HU;K886Q*EO*B?+%0'O8J87D1
-2-E@-DI+*
M'N(=CH)@@3EA/7(


*/@#%GG5


`8:VF(6

Q
M=._19M#@)MIS-)TXK?N;!W&MKT-[X#Q2QP)@D*/??O?9+
H1Q!WI-M6;J\




$%``&``@`




M.X8U&T?@]\[:5?OBY33\T;[^6M6'XP##'8(B+FRS^TZKOH2

1DAR#^7S]3$.DP?G*PQY*3FIX
#OF1
E:YV3F7X\G4$G

M\LI
2AS
;C7I4)BJ]+=GU326G`SS1Q$41^[L=TQZ*CC!G(4
`Q0#.0:8`FC!



M&08H!G(

+!CH/W;7?E(1MJV.0&PE1$U\[U/T:1$_3-:`5+?4$2=4@
M$%'W`8F]


MF(KH
?-N=G_

M=P-)6HHYDXB8`K'K!5&`=J+4


:]RNLQW-6[R


MAY
IBH
MF__@P2L<RANK;HS*)94DO@U55AM4=]GFE)!32@W(7XQP&
`]V`H1(J#?G'0


SW3X__`@``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`

MYG#F

M;
U/PLQONQ]_V-QH\\;.A+0&*-1L:Y[;]K*V+):?296Q!;V0&KXYTJ;*6GAL

M;+L(Z



MA@P%0;!T\6I:/8H/?BZY\YY][(


MJB-)KS-Q4AE17?!M\7D7_28Z*8=H!D5S*)Y#R1Q*%4A-D^]^4IK#6?8_GD;@




MN^^Z!'R3*&





J0W!B6%

Q\!PP_ABQ[1$F



W=OE<3S36\W9J#'BJ8YH:
MBX'P7\Q+IA748Z:5&U\BQH#'8L)IDBPDMC?
BQ;AQ#1HI8;#`F;18AZ%@VTV
M:[93VA90
UFP+:LJA:C8FR[H`_



&M]!P`YT+H?F`.&/ZMZS\```#__P
`
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!]@1M[Z`
``


E3'\P5R:)FP-N/
M

MQ)Q5M(1_#HP71

%J-









PA2EOYY@:J8P%RSF
M`#XP)J\7:MZKY_#=;P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`(?IFDN]#P``K5L`



M/$E1WI;+63&;CY@E?+_V4
*?Z5#+&,/99XF7_F248?RB+-$OX\SW+M;-S1


M!-JBN`NNS]9#57'K_479.8SBZ+;=4T@S'VV7,H#:7H4*RDQ*%G44F)1,E^I
M:1QJ%M.IG,?W:?(B!

M./IPG0\_^BAN]Y?S*H;=19ZY-6D6;5FKL]K0OV5G1@.K@=/`



$'KDN0]4M;ITUDF4


^)]!4[-_
U\`JC?B_]J=I?
M%RP4)'^:&-!8(`Z(YT2ZB6V9N;FR3U`3OU)KK-

MD2YB.Q[N@IJW7`NX[DE$51

M84M'G77!^GI:'$T

M!C06B`/B$RD6





$`O$`?&





BW:G8
-`=Y0!1D*5^^!B?89X?2%3]
MUQGDB32(V]

M$

;%41:];7/O51/M\-$`/$`G%`/?2Q:C8


MA9$HG^=FIHD!8H$X()X3Z6)40)AA0%A

M*@\
W

]O@!@@%H@#XCF1;E0*N%)KU

$P/$`G%`





MGA/I8E1




^)=*/BPY72H_Y_I?1T2&@6FA@@%H@#XCF1+D;%A@7U_\L--XER

M!8;+Q=:JK_T4(HG8
@$Q0P0!\1S(EV,@I+ZOB7BRV)N`L(JQB73%-F2?



^M*




_X'47*QTV&B`&B`7B@'A.
MI)O8^`?WY17%A


^)
M=#
J=*PH&UPI/1T@FC0L^S)`+!`'Q'

+#U

^)=#
J

OAYO$MH0D;4%JWM*5_4:%?;O^_&FYY_V3JB5%CBT8F574G8+




I


XV6WEC-)%F\Q



M``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#*


X$(;O5YIW0-PG8'+JCI*
&E#OCK0CC?9X


ME#E-67ZI:2.DDY96F0!^?BK/7'FK\S'NZJQ]N9PG.:O/X&)?5J5X[YSZ7IVO





M/T/I=
E-Y/

)B28SJ

!99.W

MF\U7X6KF)#\U1]F1Q&9N@'Y\H
#UY:86G9X2]QH3T#@P^K=/:5EUR$
=2#)Y


`

M:&5E=#0Q+GAM;)1576^;
!1]G[3_8/F]&$@(:112-4'=*FW2-.WCV3$&K`)&


A*7$B!VTD?5O!PJLJ($D?.9@_JW?.B%RRB(%O]F(4Y19SEAF[62AX1
M'!IXIVZI/8+!IA[9T['X/4]JR#/DMQ;E@3#:0<7&MKSO%G$MVOR##5E;YCM
M.2:8(G8]PKJVM.DH0$#O(!I*
19]N0V]-@NVVGK6K0L`]R`V/!%R`7'B)CV'
MQ/.!92)V]C]B+1A.QUC;;#GP=E79.LQ\
+0[#:2CP$0*-/CZNEEP@L'GWS+-
M3SJV=9BXZ_@\B*/95.ING)\%41A-\^DD'\;Q8LA/=

EN5ZW!4]U+Y;^P.M*


0XL-GOE(0%SYG#.C.WQ\NJA*IU[







L9$I5F4X?G'N=*)5
M$%1BH'&:6BHW&A/WQK;V0#88



KV1N-Z?6_

MJ36^@=-%VXN]_@5T]P8?R`_

&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#0S+GAM;)2676_:,!2&
M[R?M/T2YA\3&B0,JI:HVZ1-FJ9]7)O$`:M)'-FFM/]^QS&$)'03%1+DX_&;



M


MDVW`5LHGBW[)[248'%R-?FP;\%UY.2_8H30_Y/$S%[N]@6Y'$


P
*PE[:WZ/(S7[ES^)I1



R6P3-4

'A*;-XCY$$FO$4HZ)(`(70XH





MG8S2;`9$B)
DN7AK-=(^04
:A5'WD('Y^#WF+3PR3U&GZ\P[QIF?D#B
DOG8

49?![5-N'6_8CG]C:B=J[96\@&4DG%*8@
KM4N[$R*9=

$%``&``@`
M```A`

MMFD3^M*489B








MW


44[SY*[_7;:H2
M(J=9
PT0F0!3`

M8KF:ZRI
HQ!W[KEDH&@#@4W?02K`_`7YD#0([7#
#5;47=O6[B
`707/FZ

ATM](=A



MY?WY3C#`=7?&)A6VI*%&T0AA*J+[D9D[W0\F](
N(DGU8R*
*(CN1V:KXF=B
M%S&1]3J-NMC%MGPMH;[Z$;R;=!6-*#;Z8BNDL9K(K+!UW$&%;=T;F9H$3)



MR38W12


M!IZ7N!UA/;8

MN\T6E8,'.C8D:!UCN_]11%C=[4T^?QF]@O[I%L^/&+8-4WUE
(&\JD[#E
M?*^ACY5^!)/=J]D/I@#?!:IH30ZM^L&/7RG;-0JJ'8,A[6M1O194EA`HT#B!
MD5'R%@3`%75,=P8$0E[,_Y%5JLEQF#AQZH4^P-&62O7`-5&Y4$JWOVQ(%^+
M.I




KP1.Y<3:1:S$V[UF<^D&2
M3#&;





GLM1=4022V*
MM`']ZI2?U96MS
;0E6G]\GK^DLGR#!2[O

&@_H?!(ZG//<G_O`M%[N<Y@!IMVIQ6'E/K$%9W/77R_;



K;.IE-EOX;U#?K



M$D83ZW














$$L)=^
;M7`SO$VDH;V[

M\M4I0'1GB0:-`:(I83;\XWYX_9.^?V1%A=^4]?;N^DBR6)`HT&8H!82K@;



MA;L'/EYQF3]K*(]'$7433NN(`HT&8H!82K@;W[;%_3.\V66AV?/=0.2W513U
MQ]EX
)1C59:BBZEK)^OV8)MH@5A*N&/?R8GC@2H
?9\ZQ4\B61`%
_-DF92I



M;A_B`/6V2
2#L%4F
T
-1`'10`P02PEWTY



B#4N20*B`9B@%A*N!L1(L9U
MI+PO3


M#8KH



&.I_+1;RI10`U%`-!`#Q%+7%0B28PKMO-90T\BHJ@K
MK1J(`J*!&"6$NZF)U$,[W15`ML;:`'1Q%U(S.&`HT&8H#82
+VGQ;N5P7)


H




M-A!]+]!_



+BOK_%1/3^7NT)4N[=C



3S[]ZLD1V#()A
O-67A*R







U@KT67BY3!DJ@M^S$HRT;06FWFZ)5


MB4\Z488@N;&'
W/BDP;

M
NE2&]K'U;



M1'BNNR'Y#@&R;D@(ZH]RI/OSR\


MI\L0!+L^WL0)B\@J.$+&ZAZQ2`8$*6ZK*P=VE2`R%)6!(W?SBV+TTF'Z)(




K\\+'#8L;N)K%RG@(%#7JQ#)8+T^
*TB34(?8(1UI!(



M5+7R7:?NSU?Y;ELA7]K9K3XN:K:_H/\XO7PMMSC_P```/__`P!02P,$%``&
M``@````A`J?L!

O]^6C;#[
M*+L+

P3*M0_

M
0(3!*8(S!8:R`/H^`!6FB&#MR`%0II]?$T@(V$JO6TYV)56Y48G5_=0WD


MSTT.
!9?
&!.2Y-2F!
3+6T;3+1?'[1TT5%LJE:%U(4)EG/.,Y5OPT$F@BT
M$&@CT$&@BT`/@3X`P2&(P0&

XGEA$%HV'\J049S`H1H&16S$*'9`

)99D1+:@71MB-.\R*#[SE


\700#:


4J:
M
UQ)8TZQ?%(TE-T)HWB6\`

MQI'WSAPH7C


M^4Y`

&(5*B)!.+HHT

51&;!
M2+8E`SKP0&B6C$-%S0KIF''-.5L-]*Z#K89_7@6*#:N@X#A;!1DG3$\9#T[%

V
[`JAKC1H`L&+D2XAP9]

`OQ`-H#\#A
+IMIYQ;A5FQBX(DYE_(4PT:#.#+X2)!ETP,(2)
M!GTP,(0)[88PH=T0)K0;PH1V%-8$V@UA0CO:SZ#=$9K_U=A
O87PH3VOQ.F
MNJ2X0YDIG5Y+YTJJFU##A)HFU#*AM@EU3*AK0CT3ZIO0P(2&)C0RH;$)34QH
M:D(S$YJ;T
*$E@QBI83N5GG&]`7HG2^14S^\RA@GM_J%I-Y1Y^^
`CB[-7*6
M?H/;-*&6;5-J&-71/JF5#?A`8F-#2AD0F-36AB0E
3FIG0W(06)J1NS%7-


MNW2?)EN'K0/Z%?9(2K(8RTO2!AO6U8=$(G]\_]_C(W7UVH.(H4
B).5QVZM=


MA4HEFY6*]&$8R\L\(3'
3;B(L()7$53&`A\!W8A5UJK59B7-/90C


^8WXT)`^4

:[BV/'



MU)D




Q\^;


W2K;\`
M``#__P

M+GAM;-Q=;6_CQA'^7J#_05#:H@%JZ]VR'



MP7@XO!FXINWU8PMW[D;&B&L&GX[[JXWO[LW07MN.';Y&MOH]=W/WS9/G!^;:
M`:@OHZFY26Q'+W+F77L3^`=_%UZ#N8&_V]D;*X]R
5@


(3.R84IF7BP

$SRMEWW#``T9#8=(
M*W580X
M5D
8K[7!;F:MS6QB3(RYUIDQL9CW&PXX





%]'XZB8
MESOAX#OV%E$\K:+-TZEX7=V\
U;OHG$)
ED4'*.&L9HW8/3=XV*E'^EJ$8G4




<G71
MN5<)@HZ\2AT[=5D6P5=2B


M;H[D!

UCC19
M!3YLB.`$DH#7`D


M9

M#GD_-O-=X(?6)HQNJ(PN.?+P3#AX1B=#
GCJC#_EC`\\2?-19WSHP!;Z`WCI

M@&8(`$Y)5-3)@Q%1
XB!;$@8OZDA06.263)#-CA+GOS^6S-!CYK44ST5L(

M1%]4$LV%
3




VZQH#^/F'0'H::TA16R02B='3J#A=*$^(Y-9WA,/9K%880R*
MCX*:_7@\A/;N55$_8`V_+$1CF'3SB%B9@TMY@S*)'[7$HM):1F0#F[N&B14

55L#C0?'RITM!
=S2(JN9BM?7HJ
\'-OU9OJPQ.9SXY;P&4Z;41

W\


MUZ1XC$'15%VJ'J*DU*!J4AZBK.M_


B



?3X*I4MA8ET@3N8^&Y5E3?G.U/-]/_@C:8;0702KVTUL


M=*FLBD30I?3

<*XK)%FH%Y1UG57B0I?=#5F^6KB#I*.E<D




MI]0*.)I'%:21YCV;/;HZKE4#5(!&)CZE
[PFB7P):HU$3@@*2&33HPNZSG*D
MF2O7PA#DL

M_2$/@[8JAY)4%Y0@4[A[C@(



PVMB!1

0DHL@4R!TF&
MR
:H&\







2[#Z:VT1U
MV8#!=48&QLIT-D?'#&W?2PSA-3@R(?R.)2E+S];F4V]E.4YJB
T'7$9E#+U[






MTU\N^]G/?[:V]M&%8#J]ZSO[LQ]&)I;][.=O[:?G$+(8?`MR\^TAC/[M'0-[


MR
/_!````/__`P!02P

M-





M##P!:'YWE4\*36


T0B\F![X3OG$_3Y9/;0RNZ'DD#-



M](^/^MN_?AA+=[:RE;75M;5U
#K)D.LY(HNOT5KS_QKK;F\5?TY==77GLUMD






DNVR=-

<X[/5WSP:3_+!S2@X9;V'C*AI-$7W*\YM]_\\G\[$
M+?5AG;-.^P0+GZP)`(8-;N=Z.W[SOF.;MG&GHN[-3U[S!)-?7*
8B#WCG
M;;#U#\SRIGUYW-#$;X]/WN/[UU?\P^'Q-]\J)FA_!X-^HYB`52_%\BF\V=G[


M09G+KP+&
/_K;RZZD[QFIC0I!2?[_TALQ3R_J##X

MGQ$1-+'M2'P:(:W
40

9=[_'#P&5
OV_@RAMU:
MC-]'U4MCS

M5ZD-/T


M_#!3\Z0(QZ

MQNW#0/480[]4-M:$O]#LGF$L4Y)UUC9YM7^8$H.CLP
E0DZRRN[S\G.1=]

]`O6


DYOQ
ME
?U8(2K(#+WQE
2H9J(O+?1Q6A8G\E!G@KFA$4L'^N#RQQD@UW(#CW%%DD
MN;XRHRNY4%M./H2R7?5DXB.9SJSS^7&5#=3\'L=@KH$'I]^=WAICOMC$MA#

5O3G\YOCT5!Q+
M8/ZGP_;%\X8=LA8#R8<GS5_\OWY^<GEH-37B,::4)LLC3O+!O74(1%+D@,
M6`?A].STE4V3J!?6?Y:PG5?9?T&L):XKBQM7XA..=;C-+


@5/B\V8^'8RL
JJ-


AH2AXN:-;9EV_3(YH
M0O%7VA/TEGZ[[MX-A@_^XX9^^



MK$MJ9=@UH]@;3^@^






'1)KM2(M)+H&M8!E[V


MY?0F@TP:\83'?00+!6XJ2ZGM*=-/B4[5H*E9J_`FZF?`7-_[;0_-A'R4L
M3]HS%?1$3!,\+N6N@]A+9?]0`@I;^/^+I$DWD!6?P
TYSW`*3)EV?5\U'?R

M@.CB=*MBXE+FHL15L!P`(8D3-0$HKQ/+LL_F/J_2[L+!KOWN`8#\D&A$B:
MZJ+X]FD)QI\:*HK4?


`[6+
MT


M&DF@7U[O)R8UV=^AZDCD0X.0/L@10K;)3TNKJU,\84KNNO!9#JC4ZJ%O=_








L%8JCNLW_X$

M


M$Y@7N3
S@U*L20[ZGA!F\A`R46K0P


(HX6

M[9`7#[6+J*)`$*DRS!TON!5Q/XV4AS7UAF`@'K\VJ?`S4Y*?:#F3G*4G;A=N

]J\F

KV`3I



MI)!J(R&CYP=!'QS=.O`-Z/@UV!GFA;

)4@&3#U.@9BNR*3`69%K]:LUU!6*RY$)0\O7!<



B


MH(N*$-0(8-IL(3);!3[#R1&DE4DOK'IK91E#V#SDECEG%_-IU00@X$V]?JS
MRM8V_.ZW2=BFQG;%K;ZEW/0+V3@`-3&$N$\

M
[4*MY9;\OG$;

M2CHV=4@&@B-LBMD*CV#)?.-?DL16(#CHE_JY,`AFM,?8?W&\J'1(U:@O\,

MBG@+S*
E::-GI3S'Q

M-]&C?DA`]P/


M$A7?T!CD;K*Z0Z]UFTF7)A!P2PABJ7`I.T?T+._=VF5VL4B'E.
/%X0:C.[E



Z=PG51X?+?9R+PU49B\P`6A(2\PPW1.(X4TV@^*
MZ6_R5Q88DBTO%841F88ML9#I*L2P%EY%A&Y8D'/LC.S=


^]`POV#P?^()-ZAE)!;+BCK5P&MW^$*Z0B-AJ/PKW^;9T

MVS27'2;IXG/H\%`HQX5`+-#24N?)
&VK5(4LI[YZL;8:YZ^4@#4(P`4&S%1%


MD)9L3PQ'\2?D:%!X@^099]?Q'=6Y:K3\N#)6LH'7GF*83!1LLE`+D@4R/P
MRXE---.]6AAG-5`Y?E+NU^P5S\$R*+Z




E*RW_IVS+^]^UC
M$%




MQ:(DME`

+-2Q.+PB!.XGLF((
;

NPAX#+Y9??&G(4#UP\);YJ4/5[H;'D;CKWR&\E2$=#F.
;?W?1?=KP.MA3<1

M7%U

#Z$?R79-E/86-BA8


BT_2-:UGFJV%/
YX_'VU?NKO+B-[


M!]K.$Z@WT:4^7J!2
8:KH?3/ZX926Z1YO#DL)T\Z\#GN='K@1VN1!`MWM%26
MP%YQ(-$:#(PJ.]I
.')5%6@+010?J\\2^GJN3?:.HM5YX6/Z+$KI^$JV'K





D)EXSYY_=C8


M]R-J_Q1_M3+67$BO(2+L:KBKHXYHI[6SOT&W8X
;+I

MHQ-=['&



74^A4_
'G\-L5+'KS\%A=%J4CU:5PH\`X;B$;0IDZ@$6


5?W1$%






]POQ\A16`FPQ)8?4145U
FIR%!P7DH(;





MC1;F&C7!QB]HA_B*!F;1Q$.RS




?$+#D





53QQ9
MV

6&)4MJSZG^+!NP
MMLIV@

9R)15+3TYE`?6UT8BAQL6^Y(4M

A];.U0/3


Y$'%*


!2XP1(@T
M\Q9W3I]S=BRHPJ!_(R]49

K4H%A;W2:\.(Y(9M82
MS!
*]%VAQE4_QDM;8;XCPLF^4WR\#$_57CGO5U
MXQB^(`C*L^J-&=C'\TNR4?]X:]K)X'.J$AB8^\L!HC?BGAD_S1KJ4T-AWHN
MG$1_I

`Z'7F6@J8*6-R-
J?1IM/KNGV%\UV[?.$T
MT=;



M!



M]?WOS^@GV+-^@F2A6EO!\MO\[3#OKW9C?TI$.V(IX;4/;IGC4CEM:1_]EOF$

MCA]:TZ7=_,[2,T51O0,*0%86#26&$3'C-([?D==YD3'C(DGYNX8`YW32W[




M?&/;



6QX



M/@E#'3-Z\S^+W7GMAO7D:7I5TD49(`%4#*33&:2C6D!%6Y5=!I1-E&HS`7
M%$G+'%
DFTE:EN&KQKQ!70]0Z.MYBAK


ME$[!*KK`


M*U\2V
9XETW





RD=\4D##2(135

HWK




M4C6TPO$C%&-!LNM1

MMLI-


?B92BF+Q%))FA1H#


M




8LX

M*9U#-Y
+22Z+J49'1H\


MB/2+OE(IP^@6TV@]2

Y?H7W1I

_G
9N(NAW?M@Z038N]F?GKH^4@GD\)#2(JWY)2AH9'#

M

!@XL95=L1H!4+INX%UYMOG6
B=IBA9\))VT:V!RB/GH$_@GM!XW)*J


M6W8PN62[.^ER0NL.N[FQ
24S5




MP]@E8LZ1%0





M.B]J5:+Y687'O:
%NZJVTW?UK'-E#'R

\
V-!'ETT-=M+



MJQ4=:

\5A0?KX#[Z;XWD2

QZ;XYQHO
AL2:+G6
9
R)7DEUI[T9T%][4)R5@.3&.VMXS@

M]$[NBI[@0#JJG;`(\DP)8:D3A.X&TNF1?I^8!HHG!]AH%:N0`:KA-3#-$Q

M+UYD
_RS6/W

G&FB=JR00K7+U0ICAM#

\.W&J[!7<?(KM3D..TZ3QD-TTTV


C1\O=8-DZ4TV6P[%H'[U@VVOKV





I]$B[)#Z[
M;`!^?:]G28EX&,(\)3TOBDIP5#*3R'`!2RCXN?R1@HR5%CT
T4Y&&1:P15

?76&$O$]VM_FO`EX7\(!M


M




M[==O&T3I7''N+5
/FB6152M[(065)C0T8$_;][:W/?W=#*-5


MR'R[=4Y
X(A!YXK+5K1QGMB0+M6(QVJ



P9W


R&6IT2V/;WCXX[
*^&-IQ6TZSD


LBT.$0GQ;2;;@=
M0.ARBI#7&Z''O+



M0&/_OE
MF)]=?CO]?UT2ID_U:]$LIWW+

ML7EV1BPK#3C>LBC[VTS:Q-YC





M?*6(L=X`HOK=[[TL3

T7U$FR=M*%?DSF4F+J3!?0_Z4+Q?Y(\MRP:;&)\J
MOE6B0,.*='21BI&N3.JX`N:@KRB,\):U8PF&^.UG_[HJ1KJI67!8B+G*8D%
M::?\I\M


M



M6]W5[7#J0U
.QEL4J1(TB.



MTI5X_/#)OD]OXY]10H$HAP31CKGN_K/#_XFDL8_=&NTFFAF^*-P-6Z`6+@M(
M)7/^SU^;IGEY/17H;4%'4_D(D0)/RJ



6B@E552
L
]]B$K7%M-RAT^YW
M'#@*'-RHJ:YJOR=






0A
MI^L[&^V3W?7)SA;F@B:A:&V

MURC/
5

M&]!6+U+M8+




2Q^7^


?N]&/*




V;Z!TO8FQ%25`*!XI@##
M#'ZW'.'Z_/Y_R3!M


MW2$X(


_C];T
MM.SAB1=\T#]#K!A9S_S@YO0LR15/:'(`&GJ4R^FQP.P7SA4_ZJV!@ZB4*F(
MJ_DF/+!4H(47R:$^PI[7[WU_/B\5:


DDCM*MO=M?`!YZJ$'S[-^\2GM&4X4



M

O0]IX'EO

M@IK(OGQX9C4
KBB##(FO][@B:`GTR=6/9$KO;KP0V`@D;




`$*
MM%'8J

9'U






`LR(

M`L^V274LMYW01

M

:7AK6C

M;3DZ.8$A8N

CM*:@Z'B'.T&[^T;
M'D5KY6@MD49F$W@AK&_5<%7'\7W7AGF$XRO<81L5(E9FD5?K9^)!T!]BQBM
MZ+BAE=QV'%RG0
Q@.#1D!EX(T*A?Q
XTNSMN$D6^P0A%W])M'NQ.^HG`J/
M]H)2Z6_-U$#Q`)


M!5NK&OG4WR(4R
MF.


VOENB*8%(




M(K#^`3W#SY7EF'.;71E/$C(\
ZH@87RA7]<BC_I<L





MFZLC6O[(O4WU#:J/U/TBZJUV^:9]CL+KG

MV[_\U0\Y3Q7JL=9K63P1A6^\G.DW%SWIQ8N_?9DJB`ZB8#JD%\1-_Y:J'_=O




XVM+GKA2YHU



MECN&C&1B\_SEEO`
*@IA)D$L(V6L``!X=THJ6P
J@I_5YY'FXK!TPV02IWZ(

M-.SH0-?`


]AT_[;6_U@RTEV'V*`BG_NSL



:$\WN2#O2:K679X)QC&*
!60R
M\_=;W=6A+SB.R4-BD]-5IVZGF[[[]*
]!-_K?FBZXSHDJS@
ZF/5;9OCTSK\

/].)YNHVBH
M]G5;#JON5!_A/[NN;\L1OO9/T7#JZW*K%K6'B
:QB-JR.89HX;:_QD:WVS55
M_=!5+VU]'-%(7Q_*$?@/^^8TO%EKJVO

Y2T%]`#E^'Y/L[OH.V2PTI#-&8B+*
X@\@D2`;V)(T1N

38(AAC8N+%X,JOH;Q#579E/(7UP'$
5JYW+
'K$$P9Q\1SC)!498Q!
2E+L/+32_!'C
3.#)#B*YK#(DAF5?Z






MIK-




/%TDV`KMD?$%6V/0=1J+W!?

MP+^

HM?5Z@JC$MB0E)G*=0

M#%:1

%\U-08]PUF/$@&_IO91_`L'1`1/


M[YQ0M2$

[Q






M%
M(3$#7W9BH
SI?39?C2E;+D)]?DG8V;-G8FN]^VQD\56V@
7&-OD&;+1^]M#'
MPK_8'81_1`:\,V0`DJ^;=QWO?LLJH==GN


MJFC/D]Q[EISBM&.XQ?:\+&?I=

M[


``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A``;0

MH_C@I_0Q?JDEISCP-UFCP[ZF:YI5._CAL9I;:
2WV(BVVW`==*+UZR$XIKF1
M.-C[*?4_V86GI+!V6-]B[N#'GU]/'];1X40FGL-]F'[+C%8KAW5C\'*
8O]Y

M]K((S./*)MCZK_MT&;WU@_!EEU*X3?)(.M;8?.L$R9I&E
P\Z*:TM([VU`'Z
M7SF$

LC=
VU7^A
D6JBE&N_
M

MCM*





MZ+8\*?C.`4*QA
J&Z@3!V=O*):6@(.@@Z+P$/00]!$,$`P1C!
$4P03'-@

3



TY6GTY&BE(#4\\K@')Y?/8#
#QV4WZBX


_1@*












M7-%(C5/JOB1QDLEY97`FC*(#

MVS/

M1

'J#0GC


C.A\\\\?S(8=0


M.J^Q]`V70O7-0-+#JRUGZ6X5N
P^FJ0RJ=Q
MG$:/3,7H?&!EQJ^FCVB]/WWUU25#TWK].@9.YK5<Q3$3/?W;H).'PU@M!A]
#9/KYKY`1W1-C812.Y$*\)I($T$:9&=#Z&5=S9I+<LPKO/5S0X-
7\ON!


MK)'_GN%RCL.5A3L!\%&(JOD`#W;:Z[[=_P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A






#)_@(Y+10F&6,<'9$.)%`$38C!AOX
M7DE#*BCIZ3(

R@=CJD&P


%0G8/3N1L`C;M4@4A
M_*A%)RB&]NKZ.CCBZ52)_9@31)`OF^\A\ED#IH(93=X%6GRN&(N4W8K1M]


MVHQ8$M50










)#)FQY^J%0@R@O=;I:



?15)U3K-)7J



AM`QFUZ`2AK?@\

MCI.W[PQK8'=)'










$5X;392=)1;K;M.QBP98#8-ZDN(')&CQC6N:07!G$
MD*B/\@2QH9-']+*UX5V!Y1R*^[(+%ZN-^P(%R:Z::*HANB+N%9@R=)LH!A=X

7#1;JIL)BAOT/-UX/

M5_N9XY-PI7X


M4+AN;T



0ZT'?7FP

'NKW5RDE:W@C6=`/E
MG@F8@+O+$_SBH3#*S1P0'Q@3_0W^`YS@NXET]S\```#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(


C
M2FYN=$MZVL0[:@#]7]M'
C5H1-:_LNMKM$V?[^J&?6
YFB%(7GL(DS2(I
MZ
Y:
MPK*OR#51)IO\</;SZ52EN5@TXY)G7TA646::G&OG5GRA-V6BB$JF4,<^.?%$
MF2*Z+!S%U/STM&GDM2`K+?XZ7=_?GN+7&M5KBE!R7,OJ+YK2LRPJ)G4T+P'G
M,O-_58;*B_3R7;JYJU/FD7EI?'GO6O;MXV?5
XVA:;%-;9AJIIVJ9'52SKV
M$700!`BZ'H(^@@&(8(1@C&8(I@AF.8(%B6X#*-0!VA9*LH!6E5`@V)Z
M#BQE%@NLS.`K`RO=R,6]VN5X-)$76UBNU24)GX)+B:N[:A&G5)3&@4EN!A!
$:!_H]Y1+7T=3FS-[20K-W])`DQ=<`XKE&PKHTXI+*GU2DI8*M9*T;R]M

M$MOT+-L$MR-%8NF6(3SP
E8DIB

D9BD



M8(1@C&8(I@AF.8(%@B6!5`4ILY,XIOAQ__!15NK\

$/H(.
M@@!!%T$/01_!`
$0P0C!&
$$P13!#


M1@C&8(I@AF.8(%@B6%85H

_E%1+$25\##B



MSK0\D=;I2%J7\Q!^H3B6A]7PYUB?W_;HCG/CH)!OYGWF_=06_220_LZ\W
M:;.?\T!OTHX^YSV]29OVQ!OG&].A]G']%([7IZ?HD-1VX2-U7[MQ*=/^;%X


M2P




LX-8`)TCA=[GG#B)`TR;=5E!!FB[U=-#:C^054:6MK-9
M#P;]5]$+5ZXM?F*7/_NJ_%FU%-R&.F$%]HP](?1'B2%8[-RM?APJ\%=OE?20





=[$4;AVGL'38L1L[S%$1^RN#00:3

MK0P`]R36
X2\@4AT2'8/B?P)HHE=ZF+18?_=O7

M4V([

MB`(_\-WI+9IZ


M2D3%.F2/CX;#;=
6LK
8H4&9#%CB*R]`/#T$Q#!$D

MQD_
V:D77QR<!


BYX
M;6R
55UOFS`4?9^T_V#YO1A(2$@44C5!W2JMTC3MX]D!`U8!(]MIVG^_:[M0


HJUE#EB8ZU\*80LJ$:EK(D
MJI.


MJ+1H_CA08$0-).$+R1S4O[P/O3.@FCQ?Q;B%%F#*=5TNY'BA*!IX$S54=.



ML2;#
^C`]T6;38`;:9RO)A)V#C
?C.VG@704.)
$A1[G[V.2S*8$@^\A;7'L





$%``&``@````A

M?WW*SO756Y%.

_L17W`MO9KML$
C.&<BM%U$WSQFZM*WTK6YD\1^)&$+U3KS.B0_TW75OYD4!Q;W

M4)_W;11Y:^
R7-E0C&Q7KSLR

VIJ[
[.B='U`Y8I!(X-M
)T
Q0:99]1G1YKA


6@
MH3`8+M/3TJKUO(PW62?Z^2[K!`




M=#H/==\[%51:=
=C6CA^#8/MW&9
Y\&FJO!




.[C#Q%0R6Z/)&(2@Y#=[XT

+5RTZ






5V9AP15J]OAV?
M

MKW-.O

GWLO3;U6^^2
O






MC.DM
V<]R7J0)C%5X9+E0<B%@
2*?2@1!IT

MGP!X*V5SOE!'^
M/*XO_`0``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`^A1K7%X%``#\


/'MLSH:[ZQN2GY:FL[$-@UV*OBV/.V7YE]_ID]3TVC:_+3-C_S$EN8/UIC?
M5C__M/C@]6MS8*PU(,*I69J'MCW/+:LI#JS*FPD_LQ-\L^-UE;?PL=Y;S;EF
M^;:[J#I:KFV'5I67)U-&F-?WQ.[75FPF!=O%3NU
DC-CGD+XV\.Y;FY1*N*
'6&$_EL6Q_=$%-HRKFW_<G7N<O1_#]Z?AY<8G=?=#5V51





J16E`1O+/[N]'N6T/2]
+




MOF'KQ;Z_+E
A)G[#J3H%:ZD9A[*A(*8@H2E($-`&3ULS'CT]\V:N.C68I,:
MY(*F(*$@I2#`'%A7@R(ZWF]I8A+B)S$9'EL)8:Y(*F()$`EFN4S?R:+=*

?GY3NJENUU8N0






M:YI$(ZE&

$]6-Z++(S8V:DSU9

\&D;:!BP9\OS'9KK$QU]$6$^KIO3%*

M4V



M`[1`4?3RK


M/(APJ3?^J6FNJRH\Y,LLWJFKO(=PZJ*K

[G:5!F








UVT

MI+%;*2)
CBT:W6.Z:.TUENB$V@0S#$G;@H-P!Q$F8BM$0YBN4-N'I=`M:^\Q



:W$&$B=BBB67AET8$_?'Q*V/XCG4E](V@(XVZ

MQ70Q!4_WMYLM






QCY\0


68$Y;


UIY#5&7KZ)+@N[2)8AOT\P[NY5X3L)YS$:2QH1;-H)@9@Y-

R3N#(E
\;68(/(UV0G8%`X=#U-DL;;
LF+
#09#Q=*


G!ZLQC_H
MB$F&9

SHZ.
(R`&@MXQ8901K(I@=023'.




C7
([JT$HRB'.*J/H5VQR%RJ=$$*?D



M5
=!?-0S`W$2?GR
5@-I$(Q
M#ZTD@S@I3\Q/[W+X0YV_RPW$=WDQ:)H6$V/&=GDQ2`X/@76V0\_`JMO1XA





X0;P`.A


9






*.@F?D+QE30


D#8]G:





M+VO


3M%XB&WUWY

`4$L#!!0`



M3[Y`

'+`Z`W0263&I

-

M4*V2:W$=C;JG.&%^R%

M\?$2C5A[SN&$TIQ[(.%/-
]89#(%/59


M':AXFO6:P]&F.(/;Q@*ZX8
4X2ICLQ406?6-?C?J(?$]-(0




55UO


M


JB]7]F!G;)+Q;5R'Q:&
J/K
NFYC`L]A:U[W:@K
M`MS`1#K_9R-T$#!CG^[0U_A



M*F5/+R!
^G^(Y5\```#__P


!#^/FG_P?+W8B#O

EGTS)N46`
M4)L4E]8V2&&E5Q2$ZB&U_`E5UI2UM=$--H3K/VD*Q('(9S(JFHL4=(]%LP



M?6F?!Y'9
L5Q%$33




M3[RJ#&)J[X9



AV


=:


MP9E]PW


M($0@=[9
Z7MN+%TGWRLMFK]6A(Y6U@0?34*@/S[''DX)(O'_77Q+U!=X1S5=



M)B30YHC



MD[#`)V$Q%S-S:1OVX@$6B[#`)V69&7/]$8HYH8!/2G%W$I#N(`5\DK;NS#%T
MUW+N%V)!.!S&83Z:`JS
@86<
1@OR/M^LVN9=


M8\R9*%L)20DE)!(0F()220DE9!LBGI0ZUY('44#2L)2LJ-=4H)I

MHT+8A:0D%!(@F))221D%1LBGR0&9/2`'BA[DH$GX!($*.LE]+N3.@FBS

6
-Y82AO6PD))24D$A8@E)


&^QH+$G`(2PQML
MR1.%.
@Q!H&-I6XZMN#!Z`J/V%=\QWB2*S&F+HPG)4%HN;UM#

REDN='W)V
0:$L;PM!8E*A1
`91$X4$LJ:%PG0=



.^R





)TL/+E0R#F\=GH8B(/#[Z&W$E7C?].#)
MGLSC6QX\]Y+QI[GW!)+*/_AS#YX
`:ZQGN%MPR4_E+_G[:$Z=\JIW(.\^G`+

M8UN&I4QFOOT6F\4FJ_XM1PK./(R
__WI^NOIS^W;8[5\^







MG6X/#^114G


MZ?2LAC$WI

'/5.PR4WI$]N

M;^TT[J

S1
BI`*'(
%H^&S4?


42`8D!U(`*8%4


854



7IWO0:




BAH5FX80#
MC[1.RJ0`?WZ:C8WX^Q;)$3<EU7LC_J_]ZZDD)-P*N3(+@Y41I=A#^$2QVI\3
M4^B;]=U/Z111ABA'5`J$56(:D0-HA91)Y#TJRF\M%^C^0W=[J5GEESA:X=
MJKK0M6I)2Z:#E-NI4T09HAQ1@:A$5&J$36(6D2=0-*UIF@+7?N++

MS@T;FFT\Z4+_J?PW\5*N88HH0Y0C*A5BI$-:(&48NH$TCZCU:J2_QGQ%6!
M85%8_$\!I8@R1#FB`E&)J$)4(VH0M8@Z@:2S3/EVP60SXLI9%HEJ;$!^_NDM


MG(4H1U0@*A%5B&I$#:*6T4CU;Y)8



M4-$'!.59ZJLQ*6UI[87\6-E;5#:HI:%U#4G8#UAPBW+`3&5UP8!Q(18.F$7R

E82@;7W$\_#B[6Y=47W)RT[LF=IURE'-




E`:KPJ[DOMV*T7<(H[1G360DC.Z
N*XQD6QXQD
M.KA0N7`R*J6_J4Y9:FD3[_G=71Q-8[7S9RP49):YTQ[FC#A(7
6'(PG??I7.
M!'MN%:^6
_I-@QK.RO47JM+]U4[H/:.:





@7A!2-E


M.I19JJ^\;/%HEB_R2D08G6E16F%$6D6811UJ\BB+ED0P;Y8S,:?@PG-I)
MA1=R3BH9J3A3,[_AK5'ISMLO)#KL'7(QMDT6L53?3#3.9FS`DW7TK_8OK!F
*@^F6\=D*A*AQ^MHH2Z--6M<ZJL#^PJG
=AE)!AV)T/?).%F

N?6&8HE2
J$)6(*D0UH@91

M%E/S_2PJ-N)J_EE$J9OS3
)2`4H198AR1`6B$E&%J$;4(&H1=0))9YGJ
5PB

M[C-%UP7NXR(Q.


%






4JM0%9S*

MPI68KO3'[/K*G+21Q2/]3!=K\RN^L2M+NM(O0%K;=$57^F-L?26B*_24V8BV
MZ(ZN]+NB;A-/R.H^Y557Z/6-G\=MINY'^Z`NQC@Y;
Q?G^/UYW&G&#^.*9J3



O


M:-LR)*73_??#4A4E%6DI



MS_OB


MN*5

M1


M[\):[[M$++?7/$
AH0,B1@2,R1A2,J0;(AH'87J:!V5:\-K+W-6W'XOBNA

MYQT_751$X@[IB:;%2+HX[4J_
BR]G;1[CE&S+BKE#[8^&G\WQ`2;1%23L-:)
MDH@)
NQU8:[T?'QE!.M;9T3[%-RP






+
T&8D`9UO


H81#*8?$37&?A*1(WOS*6[US7KWF?GXZ
MU;-#^2YN=6'E?WKH8'GEO%MOX?4V#`6*.UMX&WP#-[RM&.$WGI@KN+UNWXK2


MLU/^`L5:M4M\)2_IY9=&+1[/90.7ZU!/N*.%/Z;(X7IT)2:(E[)L\(MHH/OS

18.6P)``#*+```&````'AL+W=O





M4Q^TWRULR_(6^_7V






M!U/;%=X*U_*NL%0




M3F/`X2LA0?D%=9*-;667$D-*-M
04)!:D7C\:O8^N1YY+&8W)*2@H*FH

]ZUZKFE-*KO0HC`M^A

@DN:4Q:YOS)DDU





D9*1@I&:DT.=O%V@S#



U(P4C)2

E3@)MNV%HD7*]8F&U
M297\LP.*NLN\[(/(^6=36J*2(L,+QE)&$D9R331?DOC+/I]4,ZBD9*1BI&
M:I-@HZ[;-3@3NP:;[.$B+5*'/H0%*X#MT7
KL1:-+B:

M*
0.`OD:*R/V8*%E8Q4*-&--Q@Z7M+LG^IS3CLZW7[C@R?85-MDT1%HT

O

M!:1I__T.)G8=I^VJW20&7EX_YQPX7ET]B1H]

M;R\N

R_
PTOEI__K0Z2/6@*\8
`H=&9[@RIEWZOJ85$T1[LF4-
MK!126)@J$I?MXJ1O-LD:C\*@M07A#?8.2S51SQD47#*;B3=]889Z)830SP




MCG9



MG&9$X;2KIS)(HX&_0D/'.!I1I(WKT9?)+MIRC,IRL9I1CQNXLB3Q_\)SSI




M&



MVV/I2I!=0^S,$_C(O4UI2#1!?GBHMPNH=I!1`O3\_V.7:S_@XIW01
/H'!
MB.*




:Q7&X]@?LY/HN*8UXJ9=R'4``6Q@SR`
M!A;%:
2&D;

MR)2#A$/6(*SI$CS)KQ1H:ED'65

*'


M=U?:9(9VO0PQG6IB3Y%D.8
D9&TK$(YT[S17@OPR+(Q.8L-KP5[)9
8LA:
M*`@F$UDV\DV




-OC8L2T&N6-5[!-8#C'DF7*\
6
7(#G-N0=%
M+C`:L?$(YC7ALN^?YOB4RY+&D@?0N?93)F!IDKDH



19C!
%@%1]R6#YV6*:&
M=1


F&3
M[_=O
6&3-*%Y`'DI3$L)JSX=B?&1XJQ'(YBJ\ZEH=SBO
PCO;A!T.`@IDJ\\
M@`8611CQY.%69D:(V_@23'/$5TEO5/'$XZHR&_FPH,\*:U48C*R&@L$`=Z)
MIFW0(@CLZ05_M3@^Y(5BP@OI=CL/(]!P98GXR-/01BA-:Q53HZN%F/@YI*[


IUR((E8NT2&*M\[3T5Y%G+YH41QY`T4H8C=AX!/
B?OIVJY03/JJI
MCP:0+WDX\'(A245

N.?8O#]PW';ROT/_W

`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`^
M


0U+BY.W[DZ(6#MDL0F[B

BV@1(=)FM4OQ!KM02[VZ_&+;=\$4:;E4[0

[L&#*
K[5(4
@^2I*&7V;^7$3*@J#=!\&NL
%\
AE/
MYS


M*MAHKI:K63H?KID*A*ICXAM%


C64L-M:88#5.%&OF8O6KK0ID@QF+#38A
M8(T3!5

6&VQ&

MQAC1)Q+.G#E&]$&*
[+`B#[`HR-LLMQ67PK.R!0C^GW6&9EA1+\1.2
@@.Y[



MTCT/I)0HD7^M.VWXIL6\GY(I%P?N87%&KZ0PVNK*14C'0J#G.2_8@B'3:EE*
MS



MM5B#QU6R6S9(QHG]IC;@,'GV9$

?0?<2].';FZAZ$?3N

MSJGJZ^J&20VMK


_![DIK=UB@
!OO
M_-4_````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`AG=-AR8&``!*&```&0```'AL+W=O


YX;6RL65V/HS84?:_4_Q#QO@$,Y`,EJ2;A6ZU4
M5=OVF2$D01-!
4%\=3]/M0$6T
M
'?_P\N;#!2%

%R8\];-1K#X*?/(H4]
V
M9D^$L/L0\

M^(=-)S52/Y^?3$!GSNB


MF]`H+S3
6H.JP$T-+)1O&]-V5OHW


!YA'@(\1$2(1$2(20&')&)$*A=F1F5[PI3NE.VIR-ZV



1%1!)OZ6BWPTSP=&0NXFR9:$8

MB6YP4#ZQE(]I6Z9-E(63/
Y'F@MZ\)/




M[R$+W_&$76OOC`L7^@K\O3$'+6HQPB3AIRB&_GH)QT$S[P7@ZRB8$ER?Z?














MN']8\_T!=3=_$/7GX^%:5N5+?0?J)JVA=



D)R



B6J'ULRVP@_ML2&)7PW

MT-M

VZUJTX
C

M(`8H-616:!(B9D5FL[3HQ*A+
4O/SP2EALQ*34+$K

TO-&;99

+#:PQ
!2`\L

_D.6W8F1ZPB


M[4^TC?8.&T*!['6**X1PO!YJ7S8.MVQ[NIKIFTAL!B^^7MT!@T9$`HA-#2


@








=='.V.(!-)4]#ZEC(XJ&

QA(D$J02
M9!+D$A02E!)4$M02-!*T$G02]!(

M)1SLX22Y!(D$J029!+4$A02E!)4$O02-!*T$G02S!(



M1Y%1A[ZPY&):'YM;^!Y1CA!E+*$.6(D0EH@I1C:A!U+J$/6(!D1C@`)/
R`!D]$G@)A-3/RT?(<ZR$-O
/+=L3D_%^YPJMD?B!)$
M*:(





:($48HH0Y0C*A5BI$-:(&48NH


M$D67*BQ36*ZP0F&EPBJ%U0IK%-8JK%-8K[!!86/(0G^9W?()_K*;:]]?$UJ[










B1*]?KI9V:2-]U89/Z8VW,3B=79
MGE5+8RMV(KZ8Q(:V;YUL1!+.:


-



PU$Q)SC)BS]S;C
MW.
O:;TVHG8A0VB%E'GT/$&Z)V(K0^(Q@%?<9$-_T^\T)'L3%3_V8T(5/$
B2W^9.QE_:6?TBBI4
MKZE[43<@VB%E'GT/$+[)V(K0^(Q@%'<9$.4_H


+L/7!Y6
T!BCL+30B@][REV*S


ZSLHN+PT+K4ED3VRM9JE'%A2W5J+:BM6N2ADN?FF1[

MJS3
GXF:/$26(4D09HAQ1@:A$5&J
M$36(6D0=HA[1@&@,4.@VFE`M[W@'B


7+AG0M[QGCW=58W*0S&B

M'7*3F[S-Q6PJN!]OY...Q)/Q')@Z^XPRAXX7F7NVG&JS$KNDPI.Q_=+9)Q2V

R)/



MW6-O
P;SJ.ROL1






M*:Q66*.P5F&=PGJ%#0H;0Q;ZB^;(8)@M;TC

(6=
%IE[MIP*7\?R9&R_



M
BZ@16L=HM[+Z140B1C8X
FX@#&P%GJ3UKN!-__:%L-8$;L_1F[NW6\F%CC9
MRFCVX-HF5A:\7(=9





4=A


MFYO9=



M-XA:1)U#QZWW3L36!T1C@
0:0%:A=R*V/B`:`Q1V&QF[_$OQD2W'+[TN-$QZ\@G29QQ:=3'


M*:(

W&P@
M;U.Q%8G?EX03Z)Z


JY\BM8R1+F7TVL=.('NR;B`
K`6MHZ
F\DI^E5O
M'=(G5V2WLRAHM$GEH9@STK




GXO(+B^QN^N)



8H

M8'?5=/.;.^%F#:/`JI9FWYBMG[L##
G

M_^EB*%IDYG_Z'&WXF^0E6WG5R#`[/1@9^L?[@M]



M`Z(Q0($O+D_;W![DH2]F1

MO;:`


MX$V+7CA(:W



5


M83DS5UAAT=$3)YQEJ:R*15Y9-3-75H.H1=0Q\HSUS)RQ`=$8H-##


MBM2/B'`6OS`YK51*634S.I7!G;I16
L%N#AAQS+ZO77.VC/SS`T*&P-SH:]-
MB.7_?[N?`C5^\/#2!J*H)\S^V
#15JN*O.X;










M'%&!J$14(:H1-8A:1!VB'M&`:`Q0Z#D:'\&
^8)[C%R
-(O$2).A_VLG8V_$


MQ@%OC@M1G-

23\9A+%98I+%=8H;!2





MVD+I)ST.
V#X:FTZIQ_ISNQ4:\7O(?)N0$Z=55P^.76Q?'*@37?!9W(@V*D5

FAET
MU
S`J&F!4=

4K:
MU?7.A*&5E.MSLG?8-DA[UQ&E'`Z100H51*$;S=J:4@Z'LB#/AE(.\[!
V5[M
MS$\\*=8N+G?FI6DMA?+02[A:ETIO1&JI%S1E=*I(2V%KI3.L@I:TJAQW-:
MK7!]&MU\GHVE$+?M%+R;*AUZ/-)6@JUSO0H+2VI3:@AW-*GHCJ%JEUBZ@&

M52^3DU4?1U2C2*L1[71W9IN(=8VO+W=F?X4IM%/:F;T0IM`^AZQI*3]'NY]5

Y5@G6Y
%U(X'6?:F0

.11
H:-
MNX+.)&DI:TK1:D;'5RA%LT:GFW:EFD+O]^[
ZX%8#KW4NQOH[5PM):(4K2WI

V=^L`8QI9B#8UK*FE*TUJ&C0I2B6:
W



`]]!F]7J%=*


MW6[4NNTI9:^FQ)22J*T34^LD:NO$U#J):JVDNI5JW2I*J=24FE(:M75J:IU&




M?P(```#__P


!1]G[3_8/F]&`@D+0JIDD79*FW2

Z]Y][K^?V3;-`CUT:H-L=1$&+$


M6



M@O@VC=(IX-&6&[L1CA

MU-+%7*L#@J8!2=-1UX)1!L0O9P2I..S2@7

30VQ&JCXR(-XSEY!.O8;/R




C$N

M)%;:=%5?+(



M




&^
OH;I*SCQFF9_.TRDY=EO.D3


M-_O2RNE;AW/NO76K7'YZK4KKA32LH/7*]B:N;9$ZI_NB/J[L/_]X?)C;%FNS

OR6$Y<@H:;^C#/EM(0`_+6J@K<&
I*]BL]KL6]/*SL(



MFI-L.

M5L9XTU[^;H0D(R35$4
?^O1^?3P8'80&TAH@'`A409$6%(0+
VC7!_49'2&I

M('=_%Z67;[RA5!1F!#^)YWXXFV)/F51I1R6+;'0;[G.&&3XE9I#\$U/RI#-


8X
MM
8+MK
89P=PIU^`N^LY.Y+?L^98U

5EK:X


GAG1/VS5
WMX1

M^&T_@([C


M4@`I@51`MD!J(`V0%L@.R![(`4@GB=?Q%/
7=+R1]CN^)^/C.O-XL]@
Q`V3


MC5$`#M6FBQM?=V:EZ
\@I'7G@^[3

M+V@RN




MG?(%OC#B:I5@T52NH:8W




M(
380.=I\YUL]O_2R:_L
N2G%$;J
M_KX9V8KT9UB-ZXM)G!!?3&K1A#(?0[WQ5


MB#H/^=%R61+




MHM*0&ZX8&UZ)$^*+22UZ96?$%6

**[20R]S^`E_9&;'V6!.V+!1K

M7IAL62AFOG9+EJ&9C-J46KG4Q:0-7!U6/MG8?\:#$I5!DMOY2;-4\W]:S3
WC942*$&4(LH0Y8@*16BM$648VH0=0BVB':(SH@ZCSD^<BL
M8CT?Q7UQ%#_NRMP\.-=INS5+T=P_W#NF8W6SVC@I'A4)HA11ABA'5`J$56(

R(^_MHLQ`E)$_\($H0I8@R1#FB

*74YJ.E9/!$HAQOHKIY^0WX.7Y1(G


W-@TP#*LFB
J&
FEPW2BEEVEDV*3%:-C
M?L#O'Y
FN&`NM%D%L?.?]


BM7(%HEP\WU`#;K$!T9<K<9ZY`\!R`/3+?(X9\GH
M$FTZQFG0B(/;)%93@Z].QVK*\ZXHHRZ@`_.:$/!JF1#`S[H50UW!)WZJ5B-
M;)&X7L\'E#WP??!+*Y:C%M\U%JGAH;(F&ZY(ES1TL6AJ[QH6DME5RVQV]78V





^I:UQ*S73H@=

L2=+




M@ZA%M'/HM/:]$V+M!T2=A_R0T0G
\T.&$Y?##G4]ZY$_T4#:GZ5B`RUA(;=T


T0%1YR'/%_0E\4M\<13W


A+XR?HVX
MF@%[Y&\[X/G,W%:D^]00.S@I#D*N_ZWVR/L:K/K$DK9_0,-
?N%$V+[I44V






M2L6B


M(VH0M8AVB/:(#H@Z#_D^

NZPVK
M13(!@RA!E+*$.6(D0EH@K1%E&-J$'4(MHAVB,Z(.H\Y/N[L@7S&T+(^[?

74F4+HT5-



MIXSZM
=R

TBE+F!3*65&M%^GAN:
M
'



Z-C27Q]

RCPN;R')Q



M%JE!K[RTX8HBD!/+*$YY6*2

M

M^:-^JA9E&ZXHAF!B&?UQ(=`K6\KE\G2FE&6V(G70Z8&8!RP6:+%D%+58G6-Q
M&[!8LWJWXFD8R=;#-;;G6-P%+.Y9O;-X8!2UV+UBT9]$J+NBJXCS;B+&SVJ?






CE2U.+5(I6

M%G^)%:+/6W`?I!:9*!OB=JP_5):Q]A-!V!_49B&I2O364:A@(9&'*`?FXJ-B
MAGF(6W*S-ZOH/

MC8XG7P?^YNG^R_LK.M&X




Z:

I_]Q9(UM6T=;!O]'./*

E4RH)-0[])-Z5!+21C_+N#(_I(?:VA'%VR@4!SLJV05+



M_Z!P??O7X]



M\LMI=X4_+\_3XO62[1[+1J?C5)_-S.EI=SB/*POKRV=LY$]/AWUFY_NW4W:^


M)7NZ'=]KZU37QM.[FS)`_SUD[T7K_Z/B)7_W+H?'^'#.(-J0)Y&!ASS_)J3!

I:NV4&_G49/69/N[?C]=_YNY\=GE^ND.X%C$@
;/WXT\Z*/404S$ST



MMIAHQLP4/@^T

MJ4'D99^?B:D&F:Q:-BG5FXP.1$?#-(K_?-5?3*76SN6`O].J#LNRMG?7W=W-


M
V(PXC+B

MSTC`2
A(Q$C
2

M)&0D8B1F)&$D;1
E8'`V4`)6[3L3L4]?7P[[;YN\.@9U3/$Y[_5KB.,J'&L
MR'S5Q+$B.FSPLCH79*FT:SN&Z!SW+\-:J27L-I





^5(AH_NT.CS\@2[U2B!8Q&



)N_IGE2!M

S7K-2++!)G=6U0-KA-H



.#Q(E;&BS@:&YZDJ()ZE+;8+$71L%]!MU]T%4=CBE^T@)4

M






$(FG;=_O+$N;&PLROA`U[4


MW(C0@80Y8)@:.5FEV*S'`37CX
!7
B[D).


8J:[A-$O=VG



MGK-D=WD^G(O1

M0.8ISZ_X!S@UE:](WOT?``#__P




OLHGWP=BI^3S\647PX


)/!7`8+&2QEL)+!6@:^

MK&2PEH$O@XT


(QP
QI-9E#'F*C2IBMY=+B]AB
M6



MTY/*!O:3VD;7)*$I


M(!6BK]/UQ()/4H;PAN!:8R6G2&7DV/4A:LK;:6P&=&)9A)AR2G`KMVXX;]#W

NJU%QJ4_5/N


@VH2].6[ANVO

9/`K9N9]#.]


+AAO\;LCGED

MWH5?X[H'5QA89V1X\&*.^;/I/4
^<
MHCT$42O7LXS=EK
W?-P_MOS;']I^/__S'
M_:_]X?OQ=;

?_YK^GFN(81A3!W[D!$
M6N_?X`#@_ZW=5J0&C
CJ]T.[!\+;Y]




MH
N4@AD%`05SD(*(@H6%,04)!2D%PIRC(*2@H*&O`F!`H*6S1P7F0LG'
M-2*\SF6^6B

Y(R$C$R(*1F)&$D921)2
9


M+1%&9HP$C

Y(P4C99T8`P_-W`T#


M6V&H!0L5



OF2A
D9R[=80O-!6&+RL

M5C9X]#-&`D;FC(2
1(PL&(D921A)&5DRDC&2
U(P4M:)




MQTO+Z%S[YOH8


)+B:W9)(PIPD
MDD+#+MY



(5D
^_T
M1J.!


G

(+&G=D


MY0(=&Q5CM-+A$XY2NR)9)4MT;%3


M:Q1C'C[A*+4KL@[D&L6








M=&Q4C-%*AT\X2NV*I/PMT;%1
4
KK9AS5-@52?=5HN
E13.1Q$9K/9&NOO^&

M0









'BW






`
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!ME)N[

M:&5E=#
P+GAM;*Q8VXZC1A!]CY1_0+ROH;N-/;9LK\88DI42*8HVR3.#L8W&


MV/+]!RZD(WPJQ]E#%
T7#^..@5@MOOB'K

4H:YA?.H
M#*`QE+R6`49
R]1*AH.ECBL0L=




6

)XH/J1+'D5T71*R-JK3A8696&3Y-JD\]28L
M
+

C
!<&38
DUP\)N$:3X!C



ISW!$LEN)JX:+U+A(&XB?7O(KE6IE-D6N3.NW




&V2

2R8

LSEE/E\


ET
M))TX(`


M8RM+/Q8DEKG[QF4GJL)(!`-615??WE0#T\M_8YJ1AZ8YTN;EOH'T*TVT%R/@
M


QT,+__[[P0CCU8,BH^#^&X
M&<&1(S\8U!%^N&N[4L'W?K@?PR,_A,-!GR$*0MAN=3SQPV0,AR^8;?L!H\R[
M8U\V(SH[,##*=T.XQNCS;KUPZF&%U8W`WRA7-






MYG@#&MX/]Y.7X_%C

M[77JSV;Q]&VU?9](#8O])3IVS\_;]2;;K7^\;=Z/4LE^\[HZ@OV'E^W'06E[
M6U^B[FVU__[CX[?U[NT#5'S=OFZ/?PU*)S=OZT7][7VW7WU]A?O^TPM7:Z5[





E4B4A


MP/(=K#[+=^[=6*TX(0W[KK'B_RU]-2RGCAZ

M2
5(S4C#2
M(QTAO$LMAD#I7.$Q(VPZ3Q'28)*;#D
!#2&?I++:S-!^%1H\Q
M4C)2
5(STC#2

M(I38CI3$=*0DIB


;*I0*8?O44M2&VJ6+3M@HH7-6M4KHK%7=15;U+EV&



MHY*CBJ.:HX:CEJ/.0K:O1

8*KA4


2WT*D19EWL&[=@14*LLLB
8C;D4!D



PU!I(]*U?J+:F8[%D%2L7Z
M(5\B@N



MQ\M%KQT
6FRW(C+=BBC6-6N&Z/2K!WQ



MO*Q-PEF[5-$=KU%YXQJ74+,J$Y)R3_)A=XL-DI8Z^$S/LSC++##D9=$W8A
M3L(ND:BQKSP`EITB#\UPD#8$=1:S!#9;3%]&R'G`PM$9\OD4@NI2M$(@=&

E3;L1(=
MW.4%3B`;/O


VWD0J4^B31T'AM0X7C[$1+V-XY
M#M2Q\A-B0W.)#:T6TA%%U\C<Z


MCD1S2%$;6C6A/KSI%+)M(








9\C#;V%Z`M=5WRXXKH1:!K!

ME7
<5@`5\1K,JXK=W#%M6#A'1KPONL*ONQ$*]#<&WP
/OF/(WX2]^ON-^?!]4X?#
9
M?%_B!CYS/A
O+S[O=D?U#YAX.GX#X\/_!````/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A

C



M^[(./Q\='?UU).NR#U]_7


4@


]-[

M4'B(2MM5#_R6]P[)

M;428J]J)P9S`DSN9#:;ST9A`G5T%QZP@/#4%[ZQ]PIS`DSF9=U8*(55-AF=3
GO<%1B!=ZMZ#_N%5W!4:X5U&_^`E
M.X
\AWZN6)NGGL0W=`1A<P5K^OIJ/%P_`[C*\]LUEC&R);;+@%'4S4
M[58%E@IL%3@J<%7@J6G`E\%@0I%40&(*TC;Z0!/^'OM0-U9<KL^:@%=Q0
MQ.06O

M7
HBK6L;2'RNT@:1+2(6(C8B#B(N(AXB.T1\1`)$0D0BD4@2PA#_A(34&F8&
MF



-HAY&/48!1


M$HFD(=W%?$+$REQ6D:'QO%T@8;3%R
+(QLC!R
7(PVB'D8]1@%&(420A63^Z


-HAY&/


[UC5'?HL^;EL@^&*U*:T/
M!0ON.FI=`Y([CVY!Q,[3#!4X:FW&C57/I$U
F82FO''YMZ!Z:#A^8G%HK


M\GTU6

M^4MZ+7KGY`A=/*KV


V%X.5



7W68[/VQ^[K<?




HC5O[.&_?$-



MSBE84.!1L*3`IR@(*0@HBF(*%@14%*049!3D'1`#U(3YTC^_^3(Q%&Y`BO
M[A
E32;)`0MT&5.P8(CX(E!3X%`04A!1$%

!(R$C$2
MQ(PDC*P821G)&

M5`\11A:
D1UB7Z<&+
M^B0)W#\;N1B37-1&Z#9G9,&(Q\B2$9^1@)&0D8B1F)&$D14C*2,9(SDC19-H
MN8"OB$7PEK/144&CNI1C,P963#B,;)DQ&<D81D)&(D9B1A9
5(RDC&2
Y(

%47OB;-8:&/BKF



9
JM&9S

M9B@MO3#[U=);3:7OQ
KG_+;;_'@ZP/6'.9[AUC2`*7
UD19!]*Q7I)EU1N;2

OF*A4D8R

**&Y


](P$C(2

]](-J

M:*3T

M+%0


:#4E_GL%F9NG8WIQJ(\ST
M0OKIK6+(FI-TO#2

ML7/6O
M]T9&JC38X$+SP3Y9$3A_7UQ.'-


T4HI

,H-RN2=EB@XR5%O9#$
M5N/U\VVQ3J:%5&]([%U-CJV=R0970VGA?0C'8G<V#V
?FGLR([$POOHJ!0#
MLR(K)!FK53'BX6..$K
B*Z1K%%

W$N+3<YMMN[0!VG^K2[^$RP9V!+`_,-+#PT
`B`XL-+#&P
ME8&E!I896&Y@A61P[:!EZWF$MG%+0Q#F9(I2(;TAL`6X+1W;&T)MI.XL
GKU
M)O=T
+%'`S(X/8S=')QT^K-$(S7T?8XB6SYGGI_-(WG$G[=&O32](Z47



M69%
V4-T;%6
T$HIQAPE9D4RC5^A8ZMBBE9*


6
M1BAK1!42JG42^?H;'=L;$=^ZE7[ZS(1^#
+#Z
VA8R@D%MY'1S5\`[




C`8@-+#&QE8*F!90:6&UBA
STY


Z)*W838*B2O\#C$+Z58XSP)WA

`.5CMQB;X@SZH%P^


M+S\9^
2%+\QP'CHN?&N&\\AQX;LSG
';1#R^Y[CPE2+.EXX+7RPWJLO-3PXW/]NDW6Q]?=QZGSOGV!
M4H8'-
`*\%@]1*/ZY7SXA*8&#\(XG.'A%^7+-WC8R1:V`OMW8/QR.)SQ%R%0
M/S[E\7\```#__P



M6JFJMNTS0\@$30@1




Q0/_[8WWI*5M3WD/7%-WKV^5+
MV387H'BN3_7P8R35M:8

MN0*U89[0##RW[2L*S?8(@F1#R8['&?BMT_;5H7@[#;^W'VE5OQP'F&X71H0&
M%NQ_[*J^!$6!9F:[B*EL3]`!^%=K:F0-4*3X/CX_ZOUP7.N..9O;[F)I0;SV
M7/5#7-.72O?^J%M_L)1%N'+#9A@2=AL;V9O70MUWN`Q2$L\*0L
VMN/D(Q
#X\!`O\@Z<3
M&0G/U+T=



L



M34M:41%[S_1AK!1)&


5=8/G=.GF^\5
\$)

.)



M(8$$WSJFM(ZV-!&FGNDTZ1
YK!-VOKE%)$^PKF-*Q_Z8L]-N)1SZO
&4!]&\
MC$#^=!DZIK2?YC01RL.UX8@2HT/Q`Q+C
[0@

@JA



M_8$:8'^*V?P-``#__P

DPKR+P_9I<1H

MG[)MD9?YOAI!N+%(5*_9';MCB+1\VF50`9=]4*3[Q?#9F


@@;&=;$


)\^1C:4\F3^


M)-*0^!I1H6-0RE4K(\COO54AVS[MLK%_GG##R:L@V)UY$'4^@5BNFW]`F$P
MJQHW3,FRX,E6,H-ATULU3%^0T*Q`PW9:$BH(9&&Q`*!%&R(A)8^+^+Q(.H
M(@GD6B2!](LD6TWK78A-#(OHTWS?Z--$1633(*W0=##)@[?[:`?4^TG:K['



]=UR=H62
ZU4VEGFQN=44YX@Z



CJ2^!L5A`A%




R5@&V*S#7U+P.Q((
M
5)[R(Q(`I;)'-)_C*TZ^E?UAD%Y1&].)_X6$/$W.=*NX?F0-V1]_O*0U#Y3

MP-[BH499OR746F+-'U+YH/1[N2&U7A:0]/*

M

H*?]&-MU9*#JRQ]PKO7E#WO
YJ]6?_JPQ/1M`9ZK.2



!0``7QD``!D```!X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T

M;Z

M!NU+T]C'E^-SKWV





MV#%]N31_\-NO+#^=&TAW`#



M_Y((M!%!]B+*UH5E`K.O(:^ONR`


MA?[L-F%S('IGQD28K0OC1AE;ZM./)88L1RR6NB@I`=AD:8QR()HGXHUM6]

M2W\V[!N?7K`B$*8:(:H2@Z@BX9

(HJ$3WH0
M)AI9B-+5[/XZ%8%TJF2!2C6&$059_T($R5@.
9HI+%E`)H0^EL@PAO2PJD
MTPV1_
F`

2D-)I2J\IGQF(&




M/=-QJ&KZ@)YZ?2&'4&G)TP!;9M$O-U]0$YYR7A1J*8/RF43FY8_3HYL=MC

M`+_S!9




7V^V_9_@A@\%%:OL^?^2\Z;[`
MA+W^IY'=OP```/__`P!02P





[M*6^6YH5)]









NX%C$?@^)Q$<WGDJ



X

M_P$``/__`P!02P











M;@26/2@\Q=!:+6:%+8E:Q9Q;=-I



EMJUU@FR;K^FR;5FS/!V*](:65]LF[2JC3^-8%&W66[2!
-*%

7.'[`PAV2%F!]0F]P8*M

+09B2
MD#)W7A$JRP]NV`RI68ZX6;+;7/W&D.6TR



^JAE'#Y:3)\J#


M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`````````````````````````````````)R104_#(!B&[R;^AX9[2VG5*&E9
MHF8GEY@X
^
-X=M&+)0`VNW?2[NNSNC)(WE?'I[OHYKM=)-\@O.J-34B68X2
M

G9]5PE+1.GATK047%/@DDHRGPM9H


M5#C@`602WZ
&UL4$L!`BT`%``&
M``@````A`+55,/U````3`(```L`````````````````C00``%]R96QS+RYR
M96QS4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`.&R
3ZS`@``$2@``!H`````````````````


M;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0`S$\VB\P4``'@6```8`````````````````#81

M=#0Y+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0`KN*IT;`(``.\%```9````````````

&``#$&@``&0``

M`!0`!@`(````(0$-:L3P0``)X.```9`````````````````






`
M`.
(```9`````````````````


M:&5E='

M!@``IQL``!
`````````````````D'P``'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE
2YX;6Q0



``
4

M%``&``@````A`/@:-/EK`@``J`4``!D`````````````````S00!`'AL+W=O



M;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0`E1Q8)_`0``#
4```9`````````````````(T.







N



















O


S+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`


M2P$+0`4``8`````$`!B-MSQ\-``#,0P``&0````````````````[#`(`

V+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!ME)N[
M
R``'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='

2YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8````

C







O8V]R92YX;6Q02P4&

 'defref_us-gaap_GuaranteeObligationsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCommitmentFeePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_PercentOfVotingControl'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_IPOMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GuaranteeObligationsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=frpt_SixtyTwoMillionFiveHundredThousandRevolvingNotesPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GuaranteeObligationsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesCPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GuaranteeObligationsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssuedPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesCPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GuaranteeObligationsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertiblePreferredStockSharesIssuedUponConversion'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_OtherAccruedInterestPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedMarketingCostsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_AccruedFreightCostsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_AccruedChillerMaintenanceCostsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesAndExciseTaxPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNonvestedShareActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=frpt_PerformanceBasedOptionsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNonvestedShareActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=frpt_ExitEventOptionsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNonvestedShareActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsModifiedFromPerformanceBasedToServicePeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsModifiedFromPerformanceBasedToServicePeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=frpt_PerformanceBasedOptionsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsModified'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsModifiedFromPerformanceBasedToServicePeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsModifiedWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsModifiedFromPerformanceBasedToServicePeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=frpt_ExitEventOptionsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsModified'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsModifiedWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExpirationsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExpirationsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredChargesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperationsTaxRateReconciliationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationPermanentItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfOperatingSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDepreciationMethods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowanceIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingHandlingAndTransportationCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_TransportationEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_EquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_EquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_EquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteStockSplitConversionRatio1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CumulativeDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_IPOMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesBPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockDividendRatePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityAccretionOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CumulativeDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesBPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRedeemedOrCalledDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesCPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockDividendRatePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityAccretionOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CumulativeDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_AdditionalLossToCommonShareholdersUponConversionOfStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDividendsReceived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesCPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertiblePreferredStockSharesIssuedUponConversion'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialDataAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_ConvertiblePreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_WarrantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=frpt_FortyMillionCreditFacilitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=frpt_ConvertibleShareholderNoteMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_ConvertibleNoteIssuancePriceAsPercentageOfFaceValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_DebtInstrumentInterestAccrualStartDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=frpt_ConvertibleShareholderNoteMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionPrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=frpt_OneMillionFiveHundredThousandTenPercentNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionPrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_CommonStockFairValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=frpt_OneMillionFiveHundredThousandTenPercentNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=frpt_TwentySevenMillionRevolvingNotesPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityUnusedCapacityCommitmentFeePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCollateralFeesAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityInterestRateDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=frpt_TwentySevenMillionRevolvingNotesPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=frpt_TwentySevenMillionRevolvingNotesPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_CreditFacilityTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityIncreaseDecreaseForPeriodNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=frpt_SixtyTwoMillionFiveHundredThousandRevolvingNotesPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityInterestRateDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityExpirationDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=frpt_SixtyTwoMillionFiveHundredThousandRevolvingNotesPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=frpt_SixtyTwoMillionFiveHundredThousandRevolvingNotesPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=frpt_TermFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_frpt_CreditFacilityTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=frpt_CapexCommitmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityIncreaseDecreaseForPeriodNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsAndChangesInAccountingPrinciplesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanMaximumAnnualContributionsPerEmployeePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionAmount'

M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]A9F%E8V-E9%\Y8S5A7S0Q,F-?.68X-%\Q.#!A
M9&,W.68V.#DB#0H-E1H:7
@9&]C=6UE;G0@:7
@82!3:6YG;&4@1FEL92!7



F-?.68X-%\Q
M.#!A9&







T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


M(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T]

T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@



T0B5V]R:W-H
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS

O4VAE970P-BYH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E




#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$



M968]
#I.86UE/@T*(`@

O4VAE970Q
M

#I.86UE


3

M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0V]M;6ET
M;65N='





M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K



#I.86UE/@T*
M(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E='
O4VAE
M970R
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS
M:&5E='
O4VAE970R






#I7
M;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T
C4N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K

M+U-H965T
C8N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@




M97




M:&5E='
O4VAE970S

M;F-E;G1I=F5?4&QA;G-?5&%B;&5S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H


S+FAT;6PB+SX-








#I7;W)K<VAE
M9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T





#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7

M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K

N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7


M-#4N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC






&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*
M(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0V]M;6ET;65N=%]!9&1I=&EO;F%L7TEN9F]R;6%T/]X

MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4F5D965M86)L






M=%]!9&1I=&EO;F%L7TEN9F]R;6%T:6]N/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R




M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^17%U







&-E


#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H
M965T-C`N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z



T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*
M(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;G-?061D:71I;VYA;%]);F9O/]X
M.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U<F-E($A2968]
T0B5V]R:W-H

M



O4VAE970V-RYH=&UL






M7V%F865C8V5D7SEC-6%?-#$R8U\Y9C@T7S$X






]

T1)




]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#








]
T1R;SX-





]


]


]




]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^
M16YT:71Y($-E;G1R86P@26YD97@@2V5Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&5X=#XP





Q









M97






]

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^16YT:71Y($9I;&5R($-A=&5G;W)Y/]T9#X-


]

S




T1T;W`^16YT


M=%]A9F%E8V-E9%\Y8S5A7S0Q
F-?.68X-%\Q.#!A9&





M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^







]
T1R93X-



2P@


]
T1N=6UP/C4L
S8P+#0P

T1T;W`^26YV96YT;W)I97
L



C4L

3$L-C(X+#
V


]


]

]
T1R

M;7`^
BPX.#
L
C


2PQ.#
L




]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#0Q+#8R








]
T1N=6UP/C8L



]




T1T





2PQ
3(L

#`L

M(&9E97
@;VX@9&5B=!G=6%R86YT964\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]




M



]
T1R974^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT




M
T1T;W`^0T]-34E4345.5%
@04Y$($-/3E1)3D=%3D-)15

]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P

]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M
M;6]N('-T;V-KXH4=F]T:6YG+`D,XP

#`P+#`P
!S:&%R97,@875T:&]R:7IE9P@
S
L-#8X
M+#
T
B!A;F0@

M($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$T(&%N9`R

]
T1N=6UP/C



T1T;W`^061D


]

T1T;W`^06-C=6UU;&%T960@



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5&]T86P@4W1O8VMH;VQD97)SXH9($5Q

]
T1N=6UP
M/C$P


3


T1T;W`^5&]T86P@3&EA8FEL:71I97
@


3(L-#8Q+#@V



]





12!0


]


]











M-C


M=%]A9F%E8V-E9%\Y8S5A7S0Q
F-?.68X-%\Q.#!A9&





S$L
M(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
M
2P@
C`Q

]






]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]

]
T1N=6UP/C(P


T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!S:&%R97,@:7-S=65D/]T


M

]
T1N=6UP/C

C$L-#$Y






]








M1&YU;7`^
3$R+#$V

]
T1P

]



T1T;W`^4F5D965M









C`L
#`P+#`P








T1T;W`^4F5D965M


]


;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B]A9F%E8V-E9%\Y8S5A7S0Q
F-?.68X-%\Q.#!A9&
W.68V



]



M1B!/4$52051)3TY3($%.1!#3TU04D5(14Y3259%($Q/4U,@*%531`D*3QB


SXQ
B!-;VYT:'


2P@
C`Q

M

]
M





]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


3$R/'-P86X^

RPU





S@L
3(X/'-P

M14Q
24Y'+!'14Y%4D%,+!!3D0@041-24Y)4U12051)5D4@15A014Y315
\


MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@V+#0Q-RPV.3(I/'-P86X^/]S


]
T1P

]


]


]

]
T1N=6T^*#








3
L-S



M
T1T;W`^3W1H97(@17AP96YS97
L(%1O=&%L/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S

]
T1N=6T^*#DL


T1T

]
T1N=6T^*#(Q+#8U-2PV


M





T1T;W`^3D54($Q/4U
\+W1D/@T*


]
T1P






]



M;3XH

S

M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R





1$524SPO=&0^#0H@

S$L


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#
P+#(X
M




]


]


]

]


]


]
M

M($-/34U/3B!35$]#2TA/3$1%4E


]


T1T;W`^0D%324


34L



]

3
L-C
R+#`T
M

3


M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]A9F%E8V-E9%\Y8S5A7S0Q
F-?.68X-%\Q.#!A
M9&






]
T1T:#Y397)I97
@


M97


MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^061D:71I;VYA;!086ED+6EN($-A




]



]

]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3`L-#$S


M)`S,PX





]
T1R8SX-



]


]


]



]








@=&\@87



]
T1T

]
T1T





]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1N


]


]


]


]















]

]
T1N=6T^
M*#$P
2PX
#


]

]





]
M







]


]


]



]

]
M



]


]
T1N=6T^*#0L
C$U+#(S

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T+#,X,PR-S0I/'-P86X^





]

]
T1P






]
T1N=6UP/C0Y+#@X


]


]



]



]


]


]



]

3
Q+#`U


]


]
T1N=6T^*#$T-RPU
3@L-C




N(#


@:7-S=65D('1O(&-O




]

]


]




]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1N


]


]

]
T1P

]
T1N=6T^

#$T+#8T




M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T+#(W




]



]



38T+#
Y
RPW







]


]


]
M

SDL
M

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1N
M=6T^*#
W+#
S.2PP


@:7-S=65D('1O(&-O;G-U;'1A;G0@

]
M

]
M


]


]


]

M86QI9VX]

M





M/B@X


]

]
T1P

]
T1T


]


]










M;7`^
3$L
#8W+#`Y


]


]


T1T;W`^0D%
04Y#15
@870@1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q-#PO=&0^

#
L


]


C$V+#@X


]



L($]U='-T
M86YD:6YG(&%T($1E8RX@
S$L(#(P


]


]
T1N=6UP/C








;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]A9F%E8V-E
M9%\Y8S5A7S0Q
F-?.68X-%\Q.#!A9&




M97%U:78]


]



M9SY#3TY33TQ)1$%4140@4U1!5$5-14Y44R!/1B!#2$%.1T53($E.(%-43T-+
M2$]

]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


]



T1T;W`^27-S
M=6%N8V4@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G

@


M+#DS

]




]




M87)T7V%F865C8V5D7SEC-6%?-#$R8U\Y9C@T7S$X






]

M


M140@4U1!5$5-14Y4($]&($-!4T@@1DQ/5U

]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^





SDL


C$L












]
M





]
T1N=6UP/C$L


]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C





3$R










]
T1N=6UP/CDQ-BPS


3`U+#`R.#QS

]





M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#@W



2PV.#DL
M





T1T;W`^3W1H97(@87-S971S
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@W
BPV-C`I/'-P86X^

3
Y+#`Y

3





T1T;W`^06-C








]
T1N=6T^*#$Q+#(T
2PR



M9SY#05-(($9
3U=3($923TT@24Y615-424Y'($%#5$E6251)15

]
T1R;SX-



MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R-PV-#
L







T1T;W`^3F5T(&-A




]
T1N=6T^
M*#(V+#


@1E)/32!&24Y!3D-)


]

M86QI9VX]


]
T1N=6UP/C
R+#`P


]
T1N=6T^*#@X+#`P









\+W1D/@T*


M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S-#`L

]



]
M

]




M9VX]



]
T1N=6UP
M/C
V+#8Y-2PW
C






]
T1T

]
T1N=6UP/C







]




2PV
S
L

M4%!


]
T1N=6UP/C(L.3(V
M+#








]


]


]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@
C0Y+#


M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]A9F%E8V-E9%\Y8S5A7S0Q,F-?.68X-%\Q
M.#!A9&,W.68V.#D-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO869A
M96-C961?.6
U85\T
3)C7SEF.#1?

O










3XQ
B!-;VYT
M:'

2P@


]


]

]
T1P




M;W`Z

M=&4@
2`F(S@R

@86YD(%-U;6UA

M







@9F]R(&1O
M9W
@86YD(&-A='
N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W

@87)E



M;W1T;VTZ

3)P=#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP)3MF;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L

M=6YT:6YG('!R:6YC:7!L97
@9V5N97)A;&QY(&%C8V5P=&5D(&EN('1H92!5
M+E

M;GD@86-C;W5N='


M





T1F;VYT+7=E
M:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[/B`F(S@R



@86YD(&%S

@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&%T('1H92!D871E(&]F






3)P=#MT97AT

'!T.V9O

M;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SY#87-H(&%N9!#87-H

T1F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[
M/B`F(S@R

M9G5N9'


6QE/3-$9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z;F]R;6%L.SX@)B
X
C$Q.R!4:&4@


@=F%L=64@:6YC;'5D97
@86X@











'!T.VUA

3)P=#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP)3MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD



T1F;VYT



C`[25!/)B
X
C(Q.RD@;V8@=&AE($-O
M;7!A;GDF(S@R


@=V5R92!O9F9S970@86=A:6YS





@9F]R(')E9G)I9V5R871I
M;VX@97%U:7!M96YT+`U(8C.#(Q
3L@

@9F]R(&UA8VAI;F5R





M8V@@:6YC;'5D97




M;65N='











2!A(&-O;7!A



@:71S(&5S=&EM





M;6%T960@8V]S='



M=6ER97



X
C$Q


@8F5T=V5E;B!F:6YA;F-I



3MM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G
M:6XM=&]P.C$R<'0[=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z




#$T(&%N9`R,#$S+!T:&4@



M

3)P=#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP)3MF;VYT+7=E:6=H

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M






X
C$W.W
@97AP97)I96YC92!A




'!T.V9O








M;'5D960@87

@87)E(&%L



@


X
C$W
M.W
3MM87)G:6XM8F]T


#$S
M+!A;F0@,C`Q,B!W97)E(0Q-PR,S$L.3,P+`D
3(L
#
W+#0P
BP@86YD
M(0Q,PV-C8L








V-R!F;W(@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D(#(P
M
30L(#(P
3
L(&%N9`R,#$R+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN(#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^











M1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`P-BP@8F%S960@;VX@=&AE(&=R86YT(&1A







M;6%T97

@82!C






X
C$Q.R!&:6YA
M;F-I86P@06-C;W5N=&EN9R!3=&%N9&%R9'






@;W(@;&EA8FEL:71I97






MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HR+C(W)3MW:&ET92US




M='


@=&AE(&%B:6QI='D@=&\@86-C97-S



M:7















979E;`R(8C.#(Q
3L@



M;W(@:61E;G1I8V%L(&]R('-I;6EL87(@87-S971S(&]R(&QI86)I;&ET:65S



@;W(@;W1H97(@=F%L=6%T:6]N(&UE=&AO9&]L;V=I97
N

T1L

T0P(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$



M9VX]

T1W:61T:#HY-RXW

T0G


979E

M:6UI;&%R('1E8VAN:7%U97
@86YD(&%T(&QE87-T(&]N92!S:6=N:69I8V%N


T0G=&5X








'0O:'1M



\8G(^

]
T1R93X-



X
C$Q.R!296-E;G1L





M(&$@;6%J;W(@969F96-T(&]N('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W




M4U4@





38P.S$U+`R,#$T+B!(
M;W=E=F5R+!!4U4@


M:7-P;W-A;'


M871E;65N='

M52`R



G!T.W1E

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L


Q
M-C`[
C@L(#(P

Q-C`[
C`Q


F(S@R



M960@9V]O9'

@=&\@8W5S=&]M97)S+B!4:&4@05-5('=I





Q-C`[
2P@
C`Q-RX@16%R;'D@87!P;&EC871I
M;VX@:7

#$T+3`Y('=I;&P@:&%V
M92!O;B!I='

@;F]T('EE

@:70@9&5T
M97)M:6YE9!T:&4@969F96-T(&]F('1H92!S=&%N9&%R9!O;B!I='
@;VYG


M;&4Z+R\O0SHO869A96-C961?.6
U85\T
3)C7SEF.#1?
3@P861C-SEF-C@Y

O4VAE970Q

M


2!R;W=S



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@




T1T;W`^26YV96YT;W)I97

M;F1E;G0Z

3!P=#MF;VYT
6QE.FYO<FUA;#MT97AT+71R86YS9F]R
'0M86QI9VXZ:G5S







M1#`@86QI9VX]









M86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V

'!T.W!A



M9G0Z


M;W1T;VTZ



M/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL












M;BUB;W1T;VTZ




M



T0G;6%R9VEN

'!T.SMT


B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M

#`P
#LG/@T*/'`@




M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&


M86QI9VX]


M=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]


M9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXD/]P/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

3`E

M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&
$9#






38P.R8C



3!P


38P.R8C

M1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$E.SX-

'!T.SMF;VYT+69A;6EL

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N



T1W:61T:#HQ



2PT
C(\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT


T1W

T0G;6%R

'!T

M93HQ


Q
M-C`[)B







M


M

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E



M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$E.W=H:71E



#LF(S$V
#L\+W`^



M9VX]


M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP


M(S$V



M=&@Z


M

38P
M.R8C

T1B



M9VEN+6QE9G0Z

M9VX]



M86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V


T0G=VED=&@Z
M

XW-7!T(
P
#`P








XW-7!T(
P
#`P

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&


M;VTZ


M;VTZ


M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&





M

M1D8P1D

T0G=VED=&@Z

M


M:6XM;&5F=#HQ
G!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM


24[/@T*


M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z

M



Q-C`[)B

M=&@Z

M/3-$=VED=&@Z



'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I





T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O

'!T.SMT97AT

'!T




'!T.SMT97AT+6EN

'!T.V9O


M;VTZ



T0G=VED=&@Z-S4E.R!B;W)D97(M

'!T.V9O











Q-C`[)B

#`P



M86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V


T0G=VED=&@Z
3`E.R!B


'!T.SMF

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN


2PT.3


T0G=VED
M=&@Z


'!T.VUA


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&




3@T+#

M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL


M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP










T1B;W1T

T0G=VED=&@Z


'!T


M86QI9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z
3`E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T

'!T.SMF;VYT+69A;6EL

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N


S$T+#$U




M

T0G=VED=&@Z





#LF
M(S$V

P
#`P
#`[

'!T.SMF;VYT+69A

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[


#`P








M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP


M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\+W1A8FQE/CPO9&EV/@T*










M/3-$
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q-#QB

]





]
M






3!P=#MF;VYT+69A;6EL


T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O

M86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M9'1H.C$P

B!V86QI9VX]
T1B


T0G;6%R9VEN

'!T.SMT

M=')A;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HQ


M9G0Z

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.G-O


M;#LG/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[


#L\
M+W`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T


T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HP

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N



B!V86QI9VX]

M


#`P

T0G

M87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXR


#L\




38P.R8C

M;'-P86X]


#`P


3I!<FEA;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN


M




M1D


T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O

3)P=#L[=&5X

T1B;W1T




T1B



M8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&



T1B;W1T;VT@8F=C;VQO


T1B;W1T;VT@8F=C




T0C
M0T9&



M


M96YT.BTQ






24[










M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z









M86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V



M;&4]









'!T




T0G

M


M;W`Z


M;BUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[=&5X=UT





M.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V


T1W:61T:#HQ)3L^


M86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V


T1W:61T:#HQ


M87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V


T1W:61T:#HQ




BPR.3$\+W`^

@


M;&4]

M+6QE9G0Z





Q-C`[)B




M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HQ)3L^#0H\


M.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V



T1W:61T
M:#HQ





M=VED=&@Z





'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT


Q-C`[)B









38P.R8C



'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I







38P
M.R8C





M




'!T

T1B

M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&
$9#


T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O


Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[

M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&
$9#


M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&



'!T

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H


38P.R8C



T1W




M=VED=&@Z





'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT


Q-C`[)B









38P.R8C




M;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[=&5X=UT

38P.R8C
M


'!T.SMF

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN





M;W`Z

M9VX]










Q-C`[)B










T0C0T9&
M

M=#MM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F

M)SXS


'!T.SMF;VYT+69A

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[


38P.R8C



'!T.SMF;VYT+7-I




38P.R8C


#`P
#LG/@T*


M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z






#`P

M


M=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXS,3,L.3,P/]P/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&


M;VTZ



24[/@T*


M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z

M



Q-C`[)B

M=&@Z



M



#LF(S$V



T1B;W1T

T1W:61T:#HQ

M;CIR:6=H=#MM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G

M;W)M86P[)SXV.2PY-C@L



'!T.VUA
F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US


M


'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I



M86QI9VX]



M87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V


T0G=VED
M=&@Z

XW-7!T(
P
#`P
#`[)SX-

'!T.SMF;VYT+69A;6EL

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N



M='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#HQ,4[(&)O

XW-7!T(
P
#`P



T0G
M=VED=&@Z


'!T


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&





C$L
C`T+#`X
CPO









#L\+W`^



M

T0G=VED=&@Z


M;VTZ


MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z
3`E.R!B;W)D


'!T.SMF;VYT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M






M9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXD/]P/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;W5B;&4@

#`P




#





38P.R8C





#$S(&%N9`R,#$R+!R
M97-P96-T:79E;'D[(&]F('=H:6-H(0R+#0U,RPX.#,L(0R+#(P-PR.#(@
M86YD(0X
#







W





@9'5R:6YG(#(P
3
@=VAE;B!T:&4@9F%C:6QI




'!T



@96YD960@36%R8V@F
M(S$V
#LS
2P@





M;WAI;6%T96QY(0Q+C@@;6EL;&EO;B!I;B`R,#$T(&%N9!W:6QL(')E9'5C

BXP(&UI;&QI;VX@
M9F]R(#(P



U85\T
3)C7SEF.#1?
3@P861C
M-SEF-C@Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V%F865C8V5D
M7SEC-6%?-#$R8U\Y9C@T7S$X

M



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\



3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

4[9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O












T0G8F]R9&5R




'!T.SMF;VYT





M)W=I9'1H.C

#LF(S$V




2XQ-B4[






#`P
#`P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.G-O




XW-7!T(
P
M
#`P





#LF(S$V
#L\




P
#`P





C`Q



#`P



'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP


M;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z


XW-7!T(
P
#`P




Q
M-C`[)B

#`P
#`P







M/B8C

T1B






T1W:61T:#HQ

M=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ
G!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
3)P=#L[

M
T0C0T9&



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I
M9'1H.C$N





M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V


T1W:61T:#HQ+C$V)3L^#0H\


M.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V


T1W:61T:#HY+C$V)3L^#0H\


M.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V


T1W:61T:#HQ+C$V)3L^#0H\


M.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V


T1W:61T:#HQ+C$V)3L^#0H\


M.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V


T1W:61T:#HQ+C$V


M87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V


T1W:61T:#HY+CDV


M87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V


T1W:61T:#HQ+C$V


M87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^


M


M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ
M
G!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM





M=&@Z


3!P

M93TS1'=I9'1H.C$N

M;G0Z




38P.R8C
38P.SPO

M



'0M86QI9VXZ

M+6QE9G0Z





X

M='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$N


M;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V



M

M

M9G0Z








M

M










Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[/]P/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R
M/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&
M0R!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#HV

M


M;VTZ


M:6YD96YT.BTQ


T1B


XW-7!T(
P
#`P

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

M9'1H.C$N


3!P=#LG



3!P=#MF;VYT+69A;6EL

M
38P.R8C


#`P

T0G=&5X



T1B

'0M86QI9VXZ<FEG:'0[;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HP<'0[;6%R



'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT








'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.FYO











Q-C`[)B

#`P
#`P


M87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V


T0G=VED=&@Z.2XY

XW-7!T(
P
#`P

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

M)W=I9'1H.C$N






T0G;6%R

'!T

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY


Q






'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.FYO



#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3ID;W5B;&4@

M(S`P
#`P




T0G=VED
M=&@Z









'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.FYO


Q-C`[)B

#`P
#`P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.F1O


M9G0Z










M/B8C
38P.R8C


M


M+C$V)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3ID;W5B;&4@

#`P
#LG/@T*


M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z






M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP


M





M92!I;F-O;64@=&%X97








L('1H92!#;VUP



C`Q
X@/]P


M)B
X
C$W.W


M

M93HQ


Q
M-C`[/]P/@T*/&1I=CX-CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]

M/3-$

'!T.VUA



R

M.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V



M;&4]

M+6QE9G0Z




T0G

M

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.C@N-S(E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T
M=&]M.G-O;&ED(#`N-S5P=`C
#`P



T1B;W1T











'!T.SMF

'!T.VUA





3`N
3(E.R!B;W)D





M;BUB;W1T;VTZ




M:6XM;&5F=#HQ
G!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM


M;VTZ


M:6YD96YT.BTQ


T1B

B4[

XW-7!T(
P
#`P


'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT


S0N


T1W:61T




#`P


M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&


M;F1E;G0Z





'!T


'!T



M




M
S0N


T1W:61T:#HR+C0E.W=H:71E+7-P86-E.FYO=W)A


M87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXE)B




T1W:61T:#HP

M=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ
G!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
3)P=#L[


M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ
M
G!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM





MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HY+C4T)3L^#0H\

'!T



XU-4[/@T*/'`@


M9VEN+6QE9G0Z

'!T



M;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\
M+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HP





'!T.SMF;VYT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M





M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I

M87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ
G!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
M

\

M1D


M8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ
G!T.SMT
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM

M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

M=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ
G!T.SMT97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#HM


3@N-#`\

M1D






M





'!T.VUA


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

M=&@Z





'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT



T1W:61T:#HQ



#LF(S$V
#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT


T1W



#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT


T1W






T0C
M0T9&










3I!<FEA;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US












'!T


M







T1W





T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O

'!T.SMT97AT

'!T




M;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXP+C4U/]P/CPO

BXT)3MW

T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN

'!T.V9O




T1B;W1T;VT@8F=C;VQO

T0G

M



'!T

G!T.SMF;VYT+69A



M
XW-7!T(
P
#`P

'!T.V9O



M

M9G0Z

'!T.V9O;G0M



#LF(S$V


T0G=VED=&@Z


XW-7!T(
P
#`P
'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.W!A9&1I;F<M=&]P.C%P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P
M.C%P=#MM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MB;W)D97(M=&]P.FYI;`P<'0[;6%R
M9VEN+6QE9G0Z



M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL

M(S`P
#`P


M;G0Z




'!T


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

M9'1H.C$N

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&



M=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]

XW-7!T(
P
#`P
#`[)SX-

M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&



T0G

M




M)2D\+W`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M





XW-7!T
M(
P
#`P




T0G=VED=&@Z
2XQ



M86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXE*28C
38P.R8C



@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M


#`P

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I


30\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT






'!T




38P.R8C









T0G;6%R9VEN

'!T.SMT

M



T0G=&5X



@;V8@=&AE(&1E9F5R



4[9F]N=US:7IE




M


#`P

T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HP

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N





Q-C`[
M

#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^



M97

#`P
#`P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M





'!T.VUA




#`P
M







B!V86QI9VX]






XW-7!T(
P
#`P

7!T






M.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V


'!T





3$N
C@E.R!B
M;W)D97(M=&]P.G-O;&ED(#`N-S5P=`C,#`P,#`P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M
M.G-O;&ED(#%P=`C
#`P


3I!<FEA;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL


M;&4]




T1W:61T:#HV

T0G

M

M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXD/]P/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&


M8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ
G!T.SMT
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM


M-#(L



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I
M9'1H.C$N

'!T




38P.R8C

M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL
M93TS1'=I9'1H.C$N






M9VX]


M=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]


M;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXD/]P/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

M
3`N




M;W`Z

G!T.SMF




@;VX@9&5B=!G=6%R86YT964\
M+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HP

M=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ
G!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
3)P=#L[

M=VED=&@Z
3`N

'!T.V9O;G0M



X



M=')A;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF
M(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T1W



#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT


'!T





M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$N
38E

'!T.SMF;VYT+7-I





M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$N


3!P=#MF;VYT+69A;6EL

M
38P.R8C

M93TS1'=I9'1H.C$N

M;G0Z

3!P=#MF;VYT



M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$P+C$R)3L^

M


M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HQ+C$V)3MW

T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN

'!T.V9O


Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[

M='EL93TS1=M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G
M:6XM;&5F=#HQ,G!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM,3)P=#L[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


'!T.VUA


M

T1B;W1T;VT@8F=C

M:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ
G!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
3)P



M

M=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ
G!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#HM

M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

2XQ-B4[/@T*/'`@


M9VEN+6QE9G0Z

'!T



Q-C`[)B





M93HQ






M;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LQ+#`R.PX

M1D8P1D





M

M1D8P1D





M
#LF(S$V




M)SXF(S$V


T1W:61T:#HQ




M;BUB;W1T;VTZ




'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M




M:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ
G!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
3)P


2XT
B4[/@T*


M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z

M;W1T;VTZ



'!T.VUA


'0M86QI9VXZ<FEG:'0[;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HP<'0[;6%R



'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT




M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$N
38E

'!T.SMF;VYT+7-I







M;&4]





B4[


M;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXT-30L-#@P/]P/CPO

2XQ-B4[

M;F1E;G0Z


M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

M=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

XX-4[/@T*


M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z


'!T

G!T.SMF;VYT+69A


M=')A;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF
M(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]





'!T.SMF;VYT+7-I




38P.S$L
#(V+#(S

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I
M9'1H.C$N

'!T





M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I
M9'1H.C$N

'!T




38P.R8C

M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL
M93TS1'=I9'1H.C$N

M;G0Z

3!P=#MF;VYT



M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL







M;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T



M
T0G=VED=&@Z

XW-7!T(
P
M
#`P


M
#`P

M;BUB;W1T;VTZ




3!P=#MF;VYT+69A;6EL

M-RPQ














M;VTZ



#L\

XW-7!T(
P
#`P
#`[)SX-










M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z



M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\+W`^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z
2XQ

XW-7!T(
P
#`P






M;2!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#HQ,XQ

M
XW-7!T(
P
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT@

T0G=VED=&@Z



T0G=VED=&@Z-C$N-C8E

M93HQ




#`P
#L@
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3ID;W5B;&4@

#`P

M;&4]

M+6QE9G0Z



XW-7!T(
P
#`P



M9G0Z

M+6)O='1O;3ID;W5B;&4@


M
T0G=VED=&@Z




#LF(S$V


M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[=VAI




#`P
#`P

M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP


M(S@R


'!T.SMF;VYT+69A

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[


38P.R8C



M;W`Z

M:61T:#HQ+C$V)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3ID;W5B;&4@

#`P
M


3!P
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[=&5X=UT


M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z
3`N
3(E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.F1O=6)L92`R+C5P


M87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S@R


M;F1E;G0Z

3!P=#MF


38P.R8C
38P



X
C$W.W
@




M




#
T+B!4


38P.S
X
B!O9B!T:&4@



@86YA;'EZ960@


38P.S
Q+`R,#$T+!T:&5R92!W97)E(&YO('5N8V5R
M=&%I;B!P;W-I=&EO;G


M92!W87

M;'1I97


#$T+`R,#$S+!A;F0@
C`Q


M

3!P=#MF;VYT+69A;6EL


M8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP)3MF;VYT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M



T0P(&%L

M93L@=VED=&@Z
3`P)3LG/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG

3I!<FEA;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M

T1B

T0G=VED=&@Z
S4N
#(E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.G-O



38P.R8C
38P




M(S$V
#LS






T0G=VED
M=&@Z

XW-7!T(
P
#`P
#`[

'!T.SMF;VYT+69A



'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N


M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXR,#$T/]P/CPO=&0^#0H\

2XU
B4[/@T*/'`@


M9VEN+6QE9G0Z


M.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V

'!T.W!A9&1I


P
#`P





C`Q

M1'=I9'1H.C$N

M




M;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V


M0F]T=&]M.C!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

P
#`P




M
C`Q

M9'1H.C$N

'!T





M8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

2XQ-B4[






M;W1T;VTZ





M



M86QI9VX]


M;BUT;W`Z

M86QI9VX]



T0C
M0T9&


T0G;6%R

'!T

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY


Q

M;W(]
T0C0T9&


M

M9G0Z








'!T

M


M8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ
G!T.SMT
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM




M1=M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F
M=#HQ,G!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM,3)P=#L[9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97
@





M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXH-PV

M;W1T;VTZ






'!T

T1B





M
#LF(S$V


M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HQ




'!T



M



'!T.VUA

G!T.SMF;VYT+69A;6EL


XW
M-7!T(
P
#`P

'!T.V9O;G0M




T0G=VED=&@Z
2XU






M
T0C0T9&

C(E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M

M;W(]
T0C0T9&


XW-7!T(
P
#`P
'0M
M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.W!A9&1I;F<M=&]P.C%P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C%P=#MM
M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MB;W)D97(M=&]P.FYI;`P<'0[;6%R9VEN+6QE
M9G0Z

'!T.V9O;G0M




#`P



3!P=#MF;VYT+69A

M/B8C
38P.R@U
2PX
#@L



M9VEN+6QE9G0Z








3!P=#MF


38P.R8C


#`P

M;&4]

M+6QE9G0Z






#`P

T0G=&5X




M;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXI/]P/CPO=&0^




P
#`P
#`[)SX-

T1B;W1T



P
#`P
M

M+C4R)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3ID;W5B;&4@




M=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z
2XV)3L@8F]R9&5R






T1B;W1T;VT@

T0G=VED=&@Z
3`E.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P.G-O;&ED(#`N-S5P=`C
M,#`P,#`P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.F1O=6)L92`R+C5P=`C
#`P
#`P.W=H





38E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.F1O=6)L92`R+C5P






M

M;F1E;G0Z




38P.R8C
38P

M;VTZ


MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z
3`E.R!B;W)D




3([



3!P
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[=&5X=UT

38P.R8C
M


4[9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97
@

M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO869A96-C961?.6
U85\T
3)C7SEF.#1?
3@P861C

O4VAE970Q
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]


M1#$^

S$L(#(P
30\8G(^


M86)L97



M)SY.;W1E(#8@)B
X



M;&QO=W

T1C96YT97(@


#`E



M;F1E;G0Z




M86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V

'!T.W!A


P
#`P





#LS


M

T1B;W1T





'!T.W=I9'1H



30\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT





M='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$N

M;F1E;G0Z



Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[

P
#`P

'!T



C`Q

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$N








MCQT9!V86QI9VX]


M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\+W`^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


M


M(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$N
38E.W=H:71E+7-P86-E.FYO=W)A


M87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V


T1W:61T



#LF(S$V


M








M+C

M=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ
G!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
3)P=#L[



2XQ-B4[/@T*/'`@


M9VEN+6QE9G0Z

'!T









T0G;6%R

'!T

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY


Q


2XQ-B4[=VAI

M;G0Z

3!P=#MF;VYT



M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.CDN
S0E.W=H







M;&4]

M;&4]

M+6QE9G0Z





Q-C`[)B



M
T0C0T9&


T0G

M

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M


M)B
Q-C`[)B

M8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&



#LR
BPU


M





M



#LF(S$V
#L\+W`^

@





#L\+W`^

@

T1W:61T:#HY+C






T1B;W1T;VT@

M=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS


M=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ
G!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#HM



M9'1H.C$N

'!T




38P.R8C

M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$N
38E.SX-


M




M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.CDN






'!T



M





2XQ-B4[

M;F1E;G0Z

3!P=#MF


38P.R8C
38P

T1B;W1T;VT@

M



M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

M





'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.FYO


Q-C`[)B

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&


M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP


M(S$V




M86P[)SXF(S$V




M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V


T1W:61T:#HQ+C$V)3MW:&ET

T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HP

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N

'!T.V9O;G0M









3!P=#MF;VYT+69A


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$N


3!P=#MF;VYT

M;#LG/B8C
38P.R8C

M;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$N



M;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[=&5X=UT

38P.SPO

M

'!T.VUA







M;BUB;W1T;VTZ





'!T.SMT

M


L
#0W

M;BUB;W1T;VTZ





T0G=VED=&@Z-S0N
S0E

M93HQ



M





M;VTZ



#L\

M1D





M;VTZ



#`P

T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O

'!T.SMT97AT

'!T



T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O


Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[

#`P






M;&4]



S9P

M8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

38E

M


T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HP

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M





M9VEN+6QE9G0Z

'!T



Q-C`[)B

#`P






P
#`P




M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z
2XQ-B4[(&)O


M;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V

P
#`P

M;F1E;G0Z

3!P=#MF







'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.FYO


2PY


'!T.SMF

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN


38P.R8C



M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO869A96-C961?.6
U85\T
3)C
M7SEF.#1?








]





'!T.V9O;G0M


4[
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97

'!T

'!T



@;V8@1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@


M871E(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@9VEV96X@;W5R(&1E8G0@:7
@870@=F%R:6%B;&4@





M;G0Z
4[9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97

M

T0P(&-E









#`P
#`P.R!B




T1B;W1T

T0G=VED=&@Z
30N.#0E.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P.G-O;&ED(#`N
M-S5P=`C,#`P,#`P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.G-O;&ED(#`N-S5P=`C
#`P
M




T0G=VED=&@Z
24[(&)O



M97




M

'!T.SMF;VYT


T0G=VED
M=&@Z

XW-7!T(
P
#`P
#`[)SX-

XW-7!T
M(
P
#`P



'!T



M.BTQ




@;VX@
M)#(W+#`P
'0M86QI9VXZ<FEG:'0[

M

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M






'!T



M9VEN+6QE9G0Z


T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HP

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N

M



#`P



'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I


Q-C`[)B

#`P
#LG/@T*/'`@



M;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXR+#4P,PP


M/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&






@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

C(E.R!B;W)D97(M



XW-7!T(
P
#`P



M




M
3$L-3`P+#`P

M;W5B;&4@




'!T




'!T


'!T.VUA



M8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&



#`P+#`P

M8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

2XQ-B4[





3!P=#LG/B9N8G-P.SPO




'!T.VUA
F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US

#`L

M;&4]

M+6QE9G0Z

BPU
#`L
#`P(%)E=F]L=FEN9R!.
6QE/3-$=VED=&@Z,XR

T0G;6%R

'!T



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$N



M86QI9VX]


M;&4]




3!P=#MF;VYT

M;#LG/BD\+W`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&




'!T.VUA



M



#`@
3`E($YO=&4\

M1D

T0G=VED=&@Z

M
XW-7!T(
P
#`P

M;G0Z

T1B;W1T;VT@

#`P


M;W`Z



T0G=VED=&@Z
M









B!V86QI
M9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


#`P
#`P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.F1O=6)L92`R+C5P


M;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXD/]P/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L


M=#MM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F

M)SXH.#@L
#`P+#`P



'!T




M='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&
$9#('-T

M;F1E;G0Z





M

#`P

T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HP

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N

M


P
#`P


'!T.SMF;VYT+69A

M;VTZ



M:6YD96YT.BTQ


M;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[=&5X=UT

M9W
@;VX@)#0P+#`P
PP,#`@0W)E9&ET($9A8VEL:71I97,\+W`^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]




2XQ-B4[/@T*


M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z



M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$T+C@T

M;VTZ


#`\

M;'DZ5&EM97





#`@0W)E9&ET($9A8VEL
M:71I97


T0G;6%R

'!T



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$N
M

'!T.SMF;VYT



M86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXH
3@L
#`P+#`P



'!T




M969T.C


3!P=#MF


@;VX@)#(L
#`P+#`P



M;W1T;VTZ




M86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXR+#`P
PP,#`\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M




M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS



6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.C`N,C(E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.G-O;&ED(#`N-S5P=!T<F%N





3!P=#LG


#`P

T0G;6%R9VEN

'!T.SMT



M1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#HQ-XX

'0M86QI9VXZ<FEG:'0[;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HP<'0[

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I


#`P+#`P



M;BUT;W`Z



'!T.VUA


G!T.SMF;VYT+69A;6EL


T0G=VED=&@Z

M5&EM97


#`P



M:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HS-G!T




'!T.SMF

'!T.VUA




M:6YS=')U;65N='

@96YD960@
M1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q-!A;F0@,C`Q,RX\+W`^#0H\9&EV(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X-CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]

M

'!T







3MM87)G:6XM8F]T


M)SXD
2PU
#`L



2PU
#`L
#`P(&]F


#`@


3$P(&%T
M($1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
3


2`D,38N,SD@=&AA=!W87
@





T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8V]L


M9VX]





'!T.V9O;G0M



'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY





3)P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN



3!P=#LG/B0R-RPP
#`L


T0G=&5X



#LS
2P@
C`Q-2X@57!O;B!C;VYS
M=6UM871I;VX@;V8@=&AE($E03RP@=&AE(&]U='-T86YD:6YG(0R-PP
#`L
M
#`P(&%N9!A8V-R=65D(&EN=&5R97-T(&]F(0Q.3@L




X
C(P.V0F(S@R
C$[




'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I


@8F]R

24)/4B!2871E('!L=7

#MB87-E(')A








@;6EL;&EO;B!W87
'0M86QI




M87)I;W5S(&9I;F%N8VEA;!C;W9E;F%N=',N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E;6%I
M;F5D(&EN(&-O;7!L:6%N8V4@=VET:!T:&5S92!R97%U:7)E;65N='
@=&AR

34L
M
#`P+#`P

38P.S

M9!T;W1A;!B;W)R;W=I;F=S(&]F(0R-PP
#`L

#$T

T1L969T

T0P(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$

M9'1H.C$P


T1W




'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M



'!T.VUA



3!P=#LG/B0V
BPU
#`L
M





38P.S$L(#(P
38N(%5P;VX@8V]N


M;F%T:6]N(&9E97
@;V8@)#
Q
2PT-3@@87







M4F%T92!
6%B;&4@870@=&AE(&5N9!O9B!T:&4@<V5L96-T960@

M871E9!T;R!T:&4@)#$U+#`P,PP




M8V4@=VET:!T:&5S92!R97%U:7)E;65N=',@=&AR;W5G:&]U=!T:&4@=&5R



BPU
#`L



'!T



@;F]T92P@=&AE($-O


M92!B;W)D97(]





3)P=#MF







6QE/3-$)W1E


#`P+#`P




#M497)M($9A8VEL:71Y)B
X
C(Q.RDL(&$@
M
RUY96%R(0Q,PP
#`L








#`L
M

M+#`P
PP,#`@0W)E9&ET($9A8VEL:71I97,N(%1H92`D,3@L,#`P+#`P,!T

M+#`P

S`L
#`P+#`P

T0G=&5X











@


38P.S
Q+`R,#$T+B`\+W`^#0H\9&EV(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=#X-CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]



M;W`Z










BPP
#`L
M

M8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP)3MF;VYT



M)#(L
#`P+#`P




M9B!T:&4@25!/+B!4:&4@8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@;F]T97




M97(@-RP@



3)P=#MT97AT+6EN


M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO869A96-C961?.6
U85\T
3)C
M7SEF.#1?

O4VAE970Q-2YH=&UL#0I#


M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





]
T1T

M;'-P86X]


M
#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$




X
C$Q.R!#;VUM:71M






M96QA8FQE(&]P97)A=&EN9R!L96%S97




M;BUT;W`Z

'!T.V9O;G0M



Q-C`[/]P/@T*/&1I=CX-CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QS



M



T0G;6%R9VEN

'!T.SMT


B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M

#`P
#LG/@T*/'`@


38P.S
Q+#QB






T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O

3)P=#L[=&5X

M;VTZ


M;W1T;VTZ



M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]




M;W(]
T0C0T9&



'!T.SMF;VYT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M


38P.R8C


T1W:61T:#HX


'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.FYO





3!P=#MF;VYT+69A;6EL

M
38P.R8C


M

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E




'!T.VUA


\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT

M#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$

M:60@


T0C0T9&
M


T0C0T9&
M



M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ













'!T.SMF




38P.R8C


M:#HQ

P
#`P
#`[)SX-

M9&5R+6)O='1O;3ID;W5B;&4@




#LF(S$V



#0L-#
X+`D-#@Q+#(V.2P@86YD(0S
C8L

@









]







M87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP)3MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD




M;BUB;W1T;VTZ


'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.FYO


M92!C;&]S:6YG(&]F('1H92!)4$\@;VX@3F]V96UB97(F(S$V
#LQ
RP@
C`Q

C`[4V5R
M:65S($(F(S@R
C$[*2P@:6YC;'5D:6YG(&-U;75L871I=F4@9&EV:61E;F1S


M($E03RP@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@8V]N=F5R=&5D('1H92!O=71S=&%N9&EN9R!S
M:&%R97
@;V8@4V5R:65S($

SDV

M.U1H92!C;VYV97)T960@4V5R:65S($
@:6YC;'5D960@


3MM87)G:6XM




3!P=#MF;VYT+69A





M:71H;W5T(&EN=&5R97-T(&]N(&)O=&@@=&AE(&EN:71I86P@4V5R:65S($(@



C$U+#(S

#@N







@=V5R92!T



@9&5C;&%R960@86YD('!A:60@;VX@=&AE(&-O




@=V5R92!R96QI;G%U:7-H960N


M
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q
B!W87
@)#0L



M-C4T+#8X
R!W87



N(%1H92!D:69F97)E;F-E(&)E='=E

@;F5T(&]F(0V-PS
M-#$L-3



#$T+B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N

M;G0Z





M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$



MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HX
RXR)3L^#0H\

3I!<FEA;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US





M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$N











3!P=#MF



'0M:6YD96YT.C!P=#L[9F]N=UF86UI



30N

T1B










Q-C`[)B

M;VTZ


M:6YD96YT.BTQ


M;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[=&5X=UT

M8V5E9'

T1B;W1T;VT@8F=C;VQO





T1B;W1T;VT@




M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL
M93TS1'=I9'1H.C$N


M86P[)SXI)B






'0M:6YD96YT.C!P
M=#L[9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97
'0M86QI9VXZ<FEG:'0[;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN

'!T.V9O


BPY
C4\


T1W:61T:#HX
RXR)3MW:&ET92US



'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I





'!T.SMF


M




M8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&


M;&4]

M+6QE9G0Z





T1B

T1W:61T:#HX










'!T.SMF

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN







T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=B

M;&5F=#HS+C





'!T


F4Z
3!P=#LG/B8C.#(Q
M



F-?.68X-%\Q
M.#!A9&








]









@870@82!P=7)C:&%S92!P












3)P=#MT


M;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[=&5X=UT

@=V%R

2P@








]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#





M




3$@)B
X
C$Q.R!'=6%R86YT964@06=R965M96YT




@=VAO


3`E)B
Q









M97


@;V8@=')A

M




2PX
S(L
M-3


F5D(&%S(&$@;&EA8FEL:71Y











@


U85\T
3)C7SEF
M.#1?
3@P861C-SEF-C@Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+V%F865C8V5D7SEC-6%?-#$R8U\Y9C@T7S$X

M971S+U-H965T

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O


T0Q/C$R($UO

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@




]


]









M;WAI;6%T96QY(0Q+#4V,RPY-S8L(0Y-S@L

C`Q
RP@86YD(#(P
3(@





M
#$T+`R,#$S+!A;F0@
C`Q
B!I;F-L=61E9!S:&%R92UB87-E9!C;VUP

2PT.3(L

M;&4]


M:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C9P=#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP)3MF

M

M=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXR,#`V(%-T;V-K(%!L86X\9F]N=!S='EL

X
M
C$R.TEN($1E8V5M8F5R(#(P

M92`R
#`V(%-T;V-K(%!L86X@*'1H92`F(S@R
C`[
C`P-B!0;&%N)B
X
C(Q


@86YD(&%F9FEL
M:6%T97
@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDN(%1H97-E(&]P=&EO;G

M;G1R;VP@*&%S(&1E9FEN960@:6X@=&AE(#(P
#8@4&QA;BDN($%T($1E8V5M
M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P

@879A



M;W)M86P[)SXR

X
C(Q.RD@=6YD97(@=VAI

30V+#
R
M

M;'D@
BPR
C`L

M;6UO;B!S=&]C:RDN(%1H97-E(&]P=&EO;G




M(&ES(&1E9FEN960@87


M



@=6YD97(@=&AE(#(P
M



3MM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P
M=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C$R<'0[=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





T1F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[






N($%S
M(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P

M(&=R86YT960@=V5R92!E:71H97(@=&EM92UB87-E9`H8VQI9F8@=F5S=!O
M=F5R(#





M86YT960@=6YD97(@=&AE(#(P
30@4&QA;BP@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:7-S=65D







M


M



Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
30L('1H97)E

M('5N9&5R('1H92`R







38P.S
Q+`R,#$T(&ES('!R97-E;G1E9!B96QO

'!T


'!T



Q-C`[/]P/@T*/&1I=CX-CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P


#`P
#MW

'!T.SMF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD



M;&4]




'!T.W=I9'1H.C$E.R!B;W)D



T1B





M





M:60@










'!T.SMF;VYT+7-I





#LF
M(S$V




'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP

M;G0^0V]N=')A8W1U86PF(S$V


M



38P.R8C

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M86P[)SY!9V=R96=A=&4\8G(@+SY);G1R:6YS:6

M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$E.SX-





Q-C`[/]P/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1=W

XW-7!T(
P
#`P
#`[)SX-

M

M
T0C0T9&


T0G;6%R

'!T

M93HQ


Q


M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z






M


M;VTZ


M;W1T;VTZ



M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]




M
T0C0T9&



'!T.SMF;VYT+69A

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[


38P.R8C

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H

'!T.SMF;VYT




38P.R8C

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I

'!T.SMF





M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H





T1W:61T:#HQ


M87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V


T1W:61T:#HQ)3L^


M86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V


T1W:61T:#HQ


M87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V


T1W:61T:#HQ

M8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

24[/@T*


M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z

M









T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O


Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[





M9VX]


M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP


M(S$V
#LF(S$V

M/3-$=VED=&@Z


M;W`Z

M9VX]










Q-C`[)B



T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O




'!T

M;W1T;VTZ




M







M;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]



M86P[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&



M;W`Z


M;BUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[=&5X=UT

SPO



M;W)M86P[)SXI)B

M=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

24[/@T*/'`@


M9VEN+6QE9G0Z


M1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$P)3L^

M


MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

M8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&


M

M9G0Z

'!T.V9O;G0M



Q-C`[)B

M8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&



3!P=#MF;VYT

M;#LG/B8C



3!P=#MF;VYT+69A

M/B8C



3!P=#MF;VYT+69A;6EL

M
38P.R8C



3!P=#MF;VYT+69A

M/B8C


M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP


M(S$V






M
#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M


M96YT.BTQ







M



38P.R8C


#`P

T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O

'!T.SMT97AT

'!T



#`P
#LG/@T*/'`@



M;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXH-PW
3D\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT






'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.FYO





3!P=#MF;VYT+69A;6EL

M
38P.R8C


M
#`P







XW-7!T(
P
#`P




M

T0G=VED=&@Z

M:60@

M=')A;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF
M(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M=VED=&@Z



M=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z
3`E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M














M;W`Z


M;&4]


'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M


M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3


T0G=VED=&@Z






T1B;W1T

M;VTZ




'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N

'!T.V9O;G0M







M/B8C
38P.R8C



3!P=#MF;VYT+69A

M/B8C
38P.R8C


#`P




'!T.SMT97AT+6EN

'!T.V9O



M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL


M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP


M(S$V
#LF(S$V


T0G=VED=&@Z




T1B;W1T;VT@8F=C

M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP


M(S$V


T0G=VED=&@Z
3`E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.G-O

T0C0T9&
M


M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&
$9#('-T

M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&
$9#('-T

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&



M;BUT;W`Z



M

M






M;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[=&5X=UT

38P.R8C
M

#`P
#LG/@T*


M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z







#`P



M=VED=&@Z




M
38P.R8C


M




38P.R8C


#`P

M

M9G0Z



XW-7!T
M(
P
#`P


T1W:61T

T0G;6%R9VEN

'!T.SMT

M


Q-C`[
M)B


24[/@T*/'`@


M9VEN+6QE9G0Z

'!T




M;VTZ



'!T

M;W1T;VTZ




M;BUT;W`Z




M



#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CPO
M='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&
M
3I!
M<FEA;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[=&5X

M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

24[










'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N

'!T.V9O;G0M



M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL


M)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V




M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V




M8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

3`E.SX-


T1B;W1T;VT@8F=C



T1B;W1T;VT@




T1B;W1T;VT@8F=C

M

M9G0Z

'!T.V9O;G0M




M
T0C0T9&


T0G;6%R

'!T

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY


Q
M-C`[)B

M
T0C0T9&



3!P=#MF;VYT+69A;6EL

M





38P

T1B;W1T;VT@


T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O


M








Q-C`[)B

M/3-$=VED=&@Z



M;&4]



#LF(S$V
#L\+W`^

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM

M.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S@R



'!T.VUA
F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US

M;BUB;W1T;VTZ




'!T.VUA






M;&4]







T1B





#L\










M;&5F=#HQ
G!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM



T0G=VED=&@Z






T1B;W1T








M9VEN+6QE9G0Z















M93HQ



Q-C`[)B

#`P



M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&






3!P
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[=&5X=UT

38P.R8C
M




M;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[=&5X=UT

38P.R8C
M




M;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[=&5X=UT

38P.SPO



M;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]




#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT


T0G
M=VED=&@Z



M=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]






T0G=VED=&@Z
M

M8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&




2P@












T0G=VED
M=&@Z


T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O

'!T.SMT97AT

'!T


Q-C`[)B
Q









Q-C`[)B

#`P
#`P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.F1O=6)L92`R


M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXD/]P/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@


M=#MM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F




M

38P
M.R8C



M;BUT;W`Z

M+6)O='1O;3ID;W5B;&4@

#`P

T0G

M




M)B








M;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXD/]P/CPO=&0^#0H\

M+6)O='1O;3ID;W5B;&4@

#`P

T0G




'!T.SMF;VYT+69A

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[


38P.R8C


T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HP


T1B




T1B

P
#`P


M;W1T;VTZ




P
#`P


'!T.SMT97AT+6EN

'!T.V9O






M;#LG/B8C
38P.R8C









#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3ID;W5B
M;&4@

#`P

T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN

'!T.V9O


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS

P
#`P

M:#HQ)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3ID;W5B;&4@





#LF(S$V
M

M1D8P1D

T0G=VED=&@Z





#LF(S$V
M

M1D8P1D

T0G=VED=&@Z


P
#`P
M

'!T.SMF;VYT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M




P
#`P


'!T

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H


38P.R8C

M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL

'!T.VUA



#`P
M
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3ID;W5B;&4@

#`P
#LG/@T*/'`@


M9VEN+6QE9G0Z







P
#`P

M;3ID;W5B;&4@



M87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^


#LS
2P@
M
C`Q
R!W87


G!T.W1E

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L




38P.S


#LS
2P@

M8F]R9&5R/3-$









Q-C`[)B

P
#`P




M8F5R)B


M



38P.R8C

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P


3I!<FEA;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL


M;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[=&5X=UT

38P.SPO

T1B;W1T;VT@8F=C

'!T.V9O



Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
3
\

M1D





#LF(S$V
M

M1D8P1D





#L\

M1D

T1W:61T:#HQ

M;CIR:6=H=#MM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G

M;W)M86P[)SXQ.#DL
C

'!T.VUA


'!T


M





T0C0T9&
M






38P.R8C

MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HW-24[/@T*/'`@


M9VEN+6QE9G0Z

M;W1T;VTZ




M;BUT;W`Z


'!T.SMF;VYT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M



M;W`Z






M;VTZ


MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HQ





M;BUT;W`Z

M1D8P1D


T0G;6%R9VEN

3)P=#L[

M



M9VX]



M







T1B;W1T




T1B



M8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$E




#LF(S$V
M
#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M









M-S$L
6QE/3-$)VUA






T1W



#LF(S$V




M/3-$=VED=&@Z





'!T.VUA
3I!<FEA;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US


M8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&





'!T

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H


#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT


T0G
M=VED=&@Z



M=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]






M;VTZ


M:6YD96YT.BTQ


M;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[=&5X=UT


M;W5B;&4@




38P
M.R8C


#`P
#L@
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3ID;W5B;&4@

#`P

M;&4]

M+6QE9G0Z






M
#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3ID;W5B;&4@

#`P
#LG/@T*






'!T.VUA


M9&5R+6)O='1O;3ID;W5B;&4@


3!P=#MF


38P.R8C


M;VTZ


MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z
3`E.R!B;W)D




'!T.SMF;VYT+69A

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[


38P.R8C



L

#$U


#$W



M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[9F]N=US='EL93II=&%L:6,[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


F
M(S@R


T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O

M87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H\9&EV/@T*/'1A8FQE(&)O

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M('=I9'1H.C$P


M;&4]

6QE.FYO<FUA;#MT97AT+71R



'!T.SMF;VYT+7-I



Q-C`[)B

P
#`P

'!T.SMF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.V9O


'!T.VUA




M

M9G0Z


B!V86QI
M9VX]




#`P
M


6QE.FYO<FUA;#MT97AT+71R86YS








T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HP

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N



B!V86QI9VX]

M


#`P

T0G




M;W1T;VTZ




24[







B!V86QI9VX]




#`P








M9VX]

#`P

M;&5F=#HQ
G!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM


#$R

T0C
M0T9&


T0G;6%R9VEN

'!T.SMT

M


Q-C`[


M9VEN+6QE9G0Z






M;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$E.W=H:71E+7-P



#LF(S$V


M;&4]



#LF(S$V
#L\+W`^

@






'!T

M93HQ


M




M.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V


T1W:61T:#HQ)3L^


M86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V


T1W:61T:#HQ


M87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V


T1W:61T:#HQ

M8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

24[/@T*


M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z

M




M8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

24[/@T*


M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z

M






'!T.VUA
3I!<FEA;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US






'!T.V9O;G0M




M




38P.R8C

M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$E.SX-

'!T.SMF;VYT+69A;6EL

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N






'!T.VUA
F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US




T1B





#LF
M(S$V


M9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HQ




M






M




T1B;W1T





#L\+W`^



M9VX]


M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP


M(S$V





'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT





M87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ
G!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM



T0G=VED=&@Z
24[




M
















M

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E




M
T0G=VED=&@Z



M9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]


M;W`Z

M

'0M86QI9VXZ<FEG:'0[;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HP<'0[

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I








#LF
M(S$V


T0G=VED=&@Z

M:60@

M=')A;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF
M(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]





#L\

M1D

T0G=VED=&@Z
3`E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.G-O;&ED(#`N

M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&
$9#('-T

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&


M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&



M




'!T.VUA
3I!<FEA;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US

T0G

M




'!T.VUA
3I!<FEA;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US

M
#`P





'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.FYO



#`P

M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP





M

38P
M.R8C



'!T.SMF




38P.R8C


#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3IS;VQI



#`P











M




'!T





#L\+W`^



M.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V





#LF(S$V
#L\



M86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V

T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O

'!T.SMT97AT

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L





M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z

M






M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

M=VED=&@Z





'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT


Q-C`[)B

#`P
#`P


M87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V


T0G=VED=&@Z
3`E


'!T.SMF

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN



T1W:61T

T0G;6%R9VEN

'!T.SMT

M


Q-C`[
M)B

M;W(]
T0C0T9&


M;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M
#`P

M;BUB;W1T;VTZ




T0C0T9&
M






38P.R8C

M1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$E.SX-


M



38P.R8C

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$E

'!T.SMF;VYT+7-I





M1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$P)3L^


M86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V


T1W:61T:#HQ)3L^#0H\


M.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V




M;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V


T1W:61T:#HQ)3L^#0H\


M.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V


T1W:61T:#HQ

M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&


M;&4]

M+6QE9G0Z

'!T.V9O






M=&@Z





'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.FYO











M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$E.W=H:71E+7-P86-E.FYO=W)A


M87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V



T1B;W1T;VT@









M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXW+C$P/]P/CPO=&0^#0H\



'!T

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H


38P.R8C



3!P


38P.R8C





38P







T1W



#LF(S$V




T1B;W1T;VT@

T1W:61T:#HQ


24[/@T*


M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z

M



Q-C`[/]P/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1=W





@=&\@4V5R=FEC92!097)I;V0@4W1O8VL@3W!T




M;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[=&5X=UT

38P.R8C
M


#`P

T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN

'!T.V9O



M(S`P
#`P






M=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&


M=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&





T1B;W1T;VT@8F=C;VQO

#`P



'!T.VUA
F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US

T1B;W1T;VT@






'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.FYO


Q-C`[)B






'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.FYO


Q-C`[)B






'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.FYO




'!T.SMF;VYT+7-I







3!P





3!P=#MF;VYT

M;#LG/B8C
38P.R8C



3!P=#MF;VYT

M;#LG/B8C










#L\
M+W`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T



M

T0G=VED=&@Z





#LF
M(S$V

P
#`P




M;#LG/B8C


XW-7!T(
P
#`P
M

'0M86QI9VXZ<FEG:'0[;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HP<'0[

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I




M9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z



M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V


P
#`P
#`[

'!T.SMF;VYT+69A

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[


#`P

M;F1E;G0Z

3!P=#MF







M;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z
3`E.R!B


'!T.SMF

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN






M9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z





M
#LF(S$V

P
#`P
M

'!T.SMF;VYT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M


#`P









M)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\+W1A8FQE/CPO9&EV


@9'5R:6YG('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M
M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
30L(&ES('!R97-E;G1E9!B96QO=SH@/]P/@T*




#L\

T0P
M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$





M;&4]

M+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]




'!T.W=I9'1H.C$E.R!B;W)D




T1W:61T:#HQ)3L^


M;W1T;VTZ





M

7!T(,P,#`P,#`[)SX-CQP('-T

'!T.VUA





MCQT9!V86QI9VX]


3I!<FEA;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL


T1W:61T:#HW




T1B;W1T;VT@8F=C



T1B;W1T;VT@




T1B;W1T;VT@8F=C

M



M=')A;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF
M(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



T1B;W1T;VT@8F=C;VQO


T0C0T9&
M



M9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-


M;BUT;W`Z

G!T








T1B;W1T





#L\+W`^




M;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\
M+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HQ


M87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V





M
T1W:61T:#HQ

M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP



M;BUB;W1T;VTZ





T1W:61T:#HW-24[/@T*


M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z


M;BUT;W`Z

'!T.VUA



M

M.3


'!T


M


M;W`Z

M;F1E;G0Z

3!P=#MF




M;&4]

M

M9G0Z





Q-C`[)B




@=&\@



3!P=#MF;VYT+69A;6EL

M
38P.R8C


M
#`P





'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.FYO



#`P













M+6QE9G0Z






T0G

M




M*28C

T1B



M9VEN+6QE9G0Z

#$T

T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O


Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[

#`P



M

#`P
#`P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T

'!T.SMF;VYT+69A;6EL

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N




T0G=VED=&@Z
24[(&)O




'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I


Q-C`[)B




'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I


Q-C`[)B

M
#`P



#`P
#LG/@T*/'`@



M;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXX+C4P/]P/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&


M;W1T;VTZ





'!T.V9O



@;V8@1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@


M8W)I=&5R:6$@:7

L-#DU+#0Y-R!W:6QL(&)E


M9!I;B`R,#$V+!A;F0@)#4V

M

38P.S
Q+`R,#$T+!T:&4@86-H:65V



F
M(S@R




M('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&]R(&%N($EN:71I86P@4'5B;&EC($]F9F5R:6YG(&]F
M('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W
@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K('5N9&5R('1H92!3


T0G

#L\+W`^#0H\9&EV/@T*

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$



T1B

T0G=VED=&@Z-#DE.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.G-O;&ED




'!T



Q-C`[)B

P
#`P

'!T.SMF;VYT+7=E:6=H


M;VTZ



24[/@T*


M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$
B!V86QI9VX]





#`P


6QE.FYO<FUA;#MT



M



T0G;6%R9VEN

'!T.SMT


B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M

#`P
#LG/@T*/'`@


6QE.FYO<FUA;#MT97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3IN;VYE







M)B

#LF(S$V

M;W`Z



M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z



T1W:61T:#HQ



M



38P
M.S
Q+`R,#$R/]P/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C0T9&


T0G

M

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M


M)B
Q-C`[)B

M;W(]
T0C0T9&


M;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V
M,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M=')A;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF
M(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&
$9#



M=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]


M9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]


M;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]





'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT



M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

M








Q-C`[)B

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

M

'!T.SMF;VYT





M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$E

'!T.SMF;VYT+7-I





MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HT.24[/@T*/'`@


M9VEN+6QE9G0Z

M;W1T;VTZ




T1W




M





M86QI9VX]





T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN

'!T.V9O




'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N

'!T.V9O;G0M



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$E.W=H:71E+7-P



#LF(S$V

M5&EM97

M=&@Z

'!T.SMF







3!P=#MF;VYT+69A

M/B8C


'!T



T1B;W1T

T1W:61T:#HQ


24[




M93HQ






M;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SY&;W)F96ET960\+W`^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]




M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&



M=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]

#`P


'!T



T0C
M0T9&



M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&
$9#('-T









38P.R8C





T0G=VED=&@Z
24[(&)O



'!T.SMF;VYT+7-I





M1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#HQ,4[


'!T.SMF;VYT







'!T.SMF;VYT+69A;6EL

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N







T0G=VED=&@Z
24[(&)O



'!T.SMF;VYT+7-I





M1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#HQ,4[


'!T.SMF;VYT







'!T.SMF;VYT+69A;6EL

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N




T0G=VED=&@Z-#DE.R!B;W)D97(M

'!T.V9O



#LS
2P@
C`Q
SPO


'!T

M9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z

M:60@
XW-7!T(
P
#`P


'!T.VUA



P
#`P



M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP


M(S$V
#LF(S$V


#`P
#`P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M

M=')A;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z
M
3`E.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P.G-O;&ED(#`N-S5P=`C,#`P,#`P.R!B;W)D97(M
M8F]T=&]M.F1O=6)L92`R+C5P=`C
#`P



M

T1B

T0G=VED=&@Z




M9VEN+6QE9G0Z





Q-C`[)B

T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O

'!T.SMT97AT





M+6)O='1O;3ID;W5B;&4@

M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z

M




T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN

'!T.V9O





M9VEN+6QE9G0Z





M)W=I9'1H.C$P)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3ID;W5B;&4@


'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M



M;&4]

M+6QE9G0Z







M=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SY#86YC96QL960\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

M=&@Z




'!T.VUA

M



T1B




M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXW+C$P/]P/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

M=VED=&@Z




M
38P.R8C







M86P[)SXF(S$V


T1W:61T:#HQ

M;W(]
T0C0T9&


T0G

M

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M


M)B












T0G
M=VED=&@Z



#`P

M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP


M(S$V

#`P
#`P

M;VTZ




M


M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z
24[(&)O



M97

#`P





#`P


M;BUT;W`Z

M9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z










M87)G:6XM=&]P.C%P=#MM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MB;W)D97(M=&]P.FYI














M9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SY/=71S=&%N9&EN9R!A=!$96-E;6)E

38P.S
Q+`R,#$T/]P/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&









P
#`P


M;BUT;W`Z


M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&









P
#`P


M;BUT;W`Z


M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&


M+6)O='1O;3ID;W5B;&4@

#`P


'!T.SMF;VYT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M







M/B8C.#(Q
CLF(S$V
#LF(S$V


T0G=VED=&@Z
24[(&)O




'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I


Q-C`[)B




'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP

M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S







P
#`P

'!T.VUA




&ET(&5V96YT(&]P=&EO;G
@=V5R








'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O


Q-C`[/]P/@T*
M/&1I=CX-CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]





6QE/3-$
M=VED=&@Z






M9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-

B!V86QI9VX]




#`P







6QE
M/3-$=VED=&@Z



'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP


M;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T

B!V86QI9VX]

T0G


#`P

T0G=&5X








Q

M='EL93TS1=M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G
M:6XM;&5F=#HQ,G!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM,3)P=#L[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


Q-C`[
2P@
C`Q




M;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[=&5X=UT

38P.R8C
M



M

38P




'!T.VUA
F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US

M=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

24[=VAI=&4M

M

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E


38P.R8C

M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S

M;G0Z




38P.R8C
38P.SPO


M;F1E;G0Z

3!P=#MF



M
T1W:61T:#HQ

M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP




'!T

M93HQ



M/3-$=VED=&@Z



'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I



'0M86QI9VXZ<FEG:'0[;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HP<'0[;6%R



'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT


S$\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT






M;VTZ


M;G0Z

3!P=#MF;VYT


M=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R

M:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ
G!T
M.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM



M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&


M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&





#`P






M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&



M;BUT;W`Z

M86QI9VX]



M87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V


T0G=VED
M=&@Z




M




M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXU+C@U/]P/CPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&


M;BUB;W1T;VTZ




T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O

3)P=#L[=&5X


T0G;6%R

'!T

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY


Q
M-C`[)B

#`P
#`P



'0M86QI9VXZ<FEG:'0[;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HP<'0[;6%R



'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT


X



M=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z




M)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V




M


M=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z





M

M


M
3([5&AE('=E:6=H=&5D(&%V97)A9V4@9W)A;G0@9&%T92!F86ER('9A;'5E
M(&]F(&]P=&EO;G



I(&=R86YT960@86YD(&UO9&EF:65D(&1U

#$T('=A


M92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD($1E8V5M
M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
3(@=V5R92`D-2XT

M


T1F;VYT+7-T

M96YD960@1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q
R!T:&4@97AP96-T960@=F]L









M96YT('1O('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W
@25!/(&]N($YO=F5M8F5R)B
Q
M-C`[-BP@

M871I=F4@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R



M8VQE(&%N9!S:7IE(&EN(&-O;G-I9&5R:6YG('1H97-E(8C.#(R
#MG=6ED
M96QI;F4F(S@R


M

M93HQ



X
C(P.W-H;W)T8W5T(&UE










@



M=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP)3MF;VYT+7-I





T0P(&%L:6=N

M=VED=&@Z
3`P)3LG/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL























M;W`Z











M;#LG/C(P









Q-C`[)B

P
#`P
M



M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HQ)3L^#0H\

3I!<FEA;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US

M;VTZ










M








T1B;W1T;VT@8F=C;VQO

'!T.V9O;G0M



M1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$E.SX-


M



38P.R8C

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$E

'!T.SMF;VYT+69A

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[



M1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$P)3L^





M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL


M)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V




M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V




M;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V


T1W:61T:#HQ




'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT


4\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0C0T9&
M


T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O

'!T.SMT97AT

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L



M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&
$9#('-T







M;W`Z

M93HQ


6QE/3-$=VED=&@Z
M








Q-C`[)B

M/3-$=VED=&@Z




M/C



M)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V

M;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\
M+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HQ


M87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V

T0G=&5X




T1B





#L\



M

T1W:61T:#HQ









M;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&


M;W(]
T0C0T9&



'!T.SMF;VYT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$P


M;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\
M+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V
M,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M=')A;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



M9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]



M






M;BUB;W1T;VTZ




3!P=#MF;VYT+69A;6EL


M=VED=&@Z





'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT





M;BUT;W`Z



M

M9G0Z

'!T.V9O;G0M



Q-C`[)B


3`E.SX-

M;G0Z

3!P=#MF;VYT


4\+W`^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HQ)3MW:&ET92US



'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I





T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HP

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N

'!T.V9O;G0M




'!T




M





M7V%F865C8V5D7SEC-6%?-#$R8U\Y9C@T7S$X






]

T1)

3(@36]N
M=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@


@4&5R










R`F(S@R






#$T(&%N


@:7
@87

4[9F]N=US




M(S$V



38P.R8C

M/@T*/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

M9RU4;W`Z





M;W`Z



#LS
2P\






T1W:61T:#HQ+C$V)3L^


M

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$R+C(E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.G-O



M=VED=&@Z



'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP


M;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]


3I!<FEA;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL


M;W1T;VTZ


M


M;BUT;W`Z



M

M9G0Z


B!V86QI
M9VX]





M;BUB;W1T;VTZ




3(\+W`^





MCQT9!V86QI9VX]


'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O


\+W`^

@





#LF(S$V
M

M1D8P1D






M9VEN+6QE9G0Z





W+#
S.2PP


T1W:61T:#HQ+C(V)3MW

T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN

'!T.V9O



M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S
M='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$N

M;F1E;G0Z




38P.R8C
38P

M1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$N


M


@

T1W:61T:#HQ

M:6=H=#MM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM

M86P[)SXH

M;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C`N-S0E.W=H:71E



M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

M/3-$=VED=&@Z

T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HP

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N

'!T.V9O;G0M


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I

M;BUB;W1T;VTZ






M;W`Z



'!T.VUA


M





T0G;6%R9VEN

'!T.SMT

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R


Q-C`[
M)B


3$N

M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HQ+C(V)3MW

T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN

'!T.V9O



M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$N
38E

'!T.SMF;VYT+7-I




38P.R8C

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$N




M;#LG/B8C








M;&4]

M;&4]

M+6QE9G0Z





M1'=I9'1H.C$N

M




38P.R8C

M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$N
38E

'!T.SMF;VYT+69A

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[






'!T

M













T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HP







T0G=VED=&@Z





T1B;W1T;VT@





T1B;W1T;VT@

#`P


M;W`Z

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

M9'1H.C$N

M;BUB;W1T;VTZ








M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

38E.R!B;W)D


@3F5W

#`P

T0G


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

T0G

M




#`P
#LG






XW-7!T(
P
#`P
#`[)SX-

M;G0Z


M1D

T0G=VED=&@Z

M



M9VEN+6QE9G0Z


M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z





38E.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P.G-O;&ED(#`N-S5P=`C
M,#`P,#`P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.F1O=6)L92`R+C5P=`C
#`P





#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3ID;W5B;&4@

#`P
M


M;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXH,3,Q+#(W.2PX
M.3,\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G=VED
M=&@Z


T0G;6%R9VEN

'!T.SMT

M


38P


M;W`Z



P
#`P

T1B;W1T

T0G=VED=&@Z




M9VEN+6QE9G0Z






'!T



M

P
#`P

M9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z












M
4[9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97





@=&AE:7(@969F96-T(&ES(&%N=&ED:6QU
M=&EV92P@87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W

M86QI9VX]





M;F1E;G0Z




M.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V

P
#`P

'!T.SMF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.V9O;G0M


M9VX]


M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP
3I!<FEA;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[


#L\+W`^




38P.R8C

M86X]

M9&EN9RU;W1T;VTZ,'!T.W=I9'1H.C$E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.G-O;&ED
M(#%P=`C
#`P



M



M
38P.R8C

T0R('9A;&EG;CTS


#`P





M86P[)SXF(S$V



38P.R8C

M+W1D/@T*/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS


#`P



M86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXR


#L\+W`^
M/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C0T9&
3I!<FEA;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN

@0R`H;VX@86X@87
M



3!P


38P.R8C

M1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$E.W=H






M;&4]
T1W:61T:#HQ





'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.FYO


X

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H




#LF
M(S$V






M
#LF(S$V



M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP


M(S$V


T1W:61T:#HQ





T1W:61T:#HQ)3MW

T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN

'!T.V9O


Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[

T0C
M0T9&


T0G;6%R9VEN

'!T.SMT

M


Q-C`[


M9VEN+6QE9G0Z





'!T



'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M




M;G0Z




38P.R8C
38P.SPO


'!T.SMF;VYT+69A

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[






'!T



M9VX]


M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP


M(S$V
#LF(S$V


M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HQ



BPV


24[/@T*


M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z

M



Q-C`[)B

M=&@Z

M=&@Z


M

38P
M.R8C

T1B



M9VEN+6QE9G0Z

T1B


M;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V


T0G=VED=&@Z
24[(&)O

XW-7!T(
P
#`P




M;#LG/B8C



XW-7!T(
P
#`P

M=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&


'!T.VUA


'!T.VUA


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&




2PQ


M
T0G=VED=&@Z


M;W(]
T0C0T9&


M;W(]
T0C0T9&


M=')A;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P








6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.C8R)3L@
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3ID;W5B;&4@,BXU<'0@=')A;G-P87)E;G0[)SX-CQP


'!T.VUA
3I!<FEA;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US

BXU

M;G0Z




38P.R8C
38P.SPO

#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3ID;W5B;&4@

#`P

T0G;6%R

'!T

M93HQ


Q

#`P
#L@8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3ID;W5B;&4@

#`P

M


M=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXQ+#(X,2PX-38\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z










Q-C`[)B

T0G

M

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M


M)B
Q-C`[)B

#`P
M



T1B;W1T

T0G=VED=&@Z
3`E.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P.G-O;&ED(#`N-S5P
M=`C,#`P,#`P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.F1O=6)L92`R+C5P=`C
#`P
#`P

M;VTZ


M)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3ID;W5B;&4@





#LF(S$V
#L\



M9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z

M:60@
XW-7!T(
P
#`P


'!T.VUA



P
#`P





M/B8C
38P.R8C

4[9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ5&EM97


M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO869A96-C961?.6
U85\T
3)C7SEF
M.#1?

O4VAE970R
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]

]



T1T;W`^/'-T



]



2!S

2AK*2!P;&%N(&-O=F5R:6YG(&%L
M;!E;7!L;WEE97,N($%L;!E;7!L;WEE97
@87)E(&5L:6=I8FQE('1O('!A


@;V8@=7`@=&\@
C4E(&]F('1H96ER(&-O



3DV+#`U-!I;B`R,#$S
M+!A;F0@)#$X










]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




]
T1T97AT






L
M

SDY(&EN(#(P


C`Q



@86QS;R!A(&QA;F1L;W)D(&]F(&]N92!O9B!O=7(@;&]C

@86YD







M;FYU;2!O9B!T:&4@86UO=6YT('1H870@96%C:!G=6%R86YT;W(@8V]M;6ET
M=&5D('1O(&=U87)A;G1E92X@57!O;B!C;VYS=6UM871I;VX@;V8@=&AE($E0
M3RP@=&AE(&9E97,@;VX@9&5B=!G=6%R86YT964@=V5R92!P86ED(&EN('1H

3$@9F]R(&9U


M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]A9F%E8V-E9%\Y8S5A7S0Q,F-?.68X-%\Q
M.#!A9&,W.68V.#D-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO869A
M96-C961?.6
U85\T
3)C7SEF.#1?

O
M4VAE970R
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N

]



#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*



M9VX]
T1T;W`^0V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;G

M;G0Z

3!P=#MF;VYT+69A
6QE.FYO<FUA;#MT97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3IN

3$[($-O



3([5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@;6%I;G1A


PP,#`@96%C:X@070@
M=&EM97
L('-U8V@@8F%L86YC97






#$S

C(E(#(X)2P@86YD(#(P)2!O

M('-A;&5S('=H:6QE(&EN(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P

'0M86QI
















M('1W96QV92!M;VYT:'
@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q
RX@



M)SY.970@4V%L97


T1F

4[9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ5&EM97


M/]P/@T*/&1I=CX-CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]

M







T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HP

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N






24[(&)O




M;W`Z



@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(F
M(S$V
#LS





T1W:61T:#HV
M






M






'!T.W=I


M;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXR,#$T/]P/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@


M

M9G0Z



M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$E.R!B;W)D97(M





T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN

M;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HQ)3L^#0H\

3I!<FEA;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US


'!T.W=I9'1H.C$E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.G-O;&ED(#%P



M






'!T


M.BTQ






M;W(]
T0C0T9&



'!T.SMF;VYT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M



T1W:61T:#HQ


M9G0Z






M9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$E.W=H:71E+7-P86-E



#LF(S$V


M



#LF(S$V


M;&4]




'!T.SMT

M


Q
M+#@W




M86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V


T1W:61T:#HQ


M87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V


T1W:61T




'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N

'!T.V9O;G0M


S

M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S


M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@







3!P=#MF;VYT




3!P


38P.R8C


#`P




T0G=VED
M=&@Z



'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.FYO







M/B8C



'!T.SMF




38P.R8C


#`P

T0G

M




M)B

#`P
M




M;VTZ




M





M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z
24[(&)O


M=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R


T1B;W1T;VT@8F=C;VQO


T1B;W1T;VT@8F=C;VQO

P
#`P

M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP




#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3ID;W5B;&4@

#`P
M

M9&5R+6)O='1O;3ID;W5B;&4@




#LF(S$V


M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z




#LF(S$V


M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z

XW-7!T(
P
#`P
M



'!T.VUA
F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US

T1B;W1T;VT@8F=C

#`P
#`P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.F1O=6)L92`R




M/C8S+#$U
PW-S8\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@8F=C

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

M9'1H.C$E.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P.G-O;&ED(#`N-S5P=`C,#`P,#`P.R!B;W)D
M97(M8F]T=&]M.F1O=6)L92`R+C5P=`C
#`P




#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3ID;W5B;&4@

M
#`P


M=')A;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXT,RPU,3DL
M-#8Q/]P/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M0T9&




'!T.VUA
F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US

T0G







M;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXH,BD\+W`^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HY-2XT-B4[/@T*/'`@



U85\T
3)C
M7SEF.#1?
3@P861C-SEF-C@Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+V%F865C8V5D7SEC-6%?-#$R8U\Y9C@T7S$X



M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES




M1#$^

S$L(#(P
30\8G(^



]
T1T97AT

]



'!T.W1E



X
M



M87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
30L(#(P
3

T0G;6%R9VEN


#L\+W`^#0H\9&EV/@T*/'1A8FQE

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$



T1B;W1T;VT@


T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN

M;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HQ)3L^#0H\

3I!<FEA;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US


'!T.W=I9'1H.C$E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.G-O;&ED(#%P



T1B;W1T;VT@






'!T.VUA






M;W1T;VTZ














P
#`P
#`[)SX-

M;G0Z



'!T.SMF;VYT





M







M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$E.SX-









M;BUT;W`Z

'!T.VUA



M9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]



M



T1B



M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z

M




M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&


M;&4]

M+6QE9G0Z

'!T.V9O




M;W(]
T0C0T9&



3!P=#MF;VYT+69A

M/B8C



3!P=#MF;VYT+69A;6EL

M





38P




M;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[=&5X=UT

38P.SPO





#L\+W`^

@









3!P


38P.R8C



M

38P


M;W1T;VTZ




M=VED=&@Z





'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT



M/3-$=VED=&@Z




T1B;W1T;VT@








T1B;W1T

T1W:61T:#HQ

M;CIR:6=H=#MM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G

M;W)M86P[)SXR
BPU



'!T.VUA
F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US

M;BUB;W1T;VTZ





M;W`Z

'!T.SMF;VYT+69A

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[


M9VX]










Q-C`[)B

M=')A;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SY'86EN(AL



T1W:61T:#HQ)3L^#0H\


M.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V


T1W:61T:#HQ)3L^


M86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V


T1W:61T:#HQ



BPS
6QE





T1B;W1T;VT@8F=C



T1B;W1T;VT@8F=C;VQO




T0G=&5X



M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

24[

M;F1E;G0Z

3!P=#MF


#L\+W`^

@







M;&4]





M
T1W:61T:#HQ

M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP


M
2PS


M;W`Z

M9VX]



M



T1B




M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXU-3`L-34Q/]P/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

M/3-$=VED=&@Z




M/B8C
38P.R8C

M9VX]


T0G

M


M;&4]



#LF(S$V
#L\+W`^



T1B

T1W:61T:#HQ

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM

M.B!N;W)M86P[)SXH-2PQ-#(L


'!T

T1B





#L\



M

T1W:61T:#HQ




M

M





M


M=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]

T1W:61T:#HQ


M87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXH.2PT.#
L


M;W`Z

M9VX]


M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP


M(S$V


M9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HQ





M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$E.W=H:71E+7-P86-E






M;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\
M+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]




M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&



'!T

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H


#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT


T1W





T1W:61T





T1W:61T:#HQ
M









M.B!N;W)M86P[)SXI)B

M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&


M;&4]

M+6QE9G0Z










'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.FYO


X
PR-30\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M;BUB;W1T;VTZ




M;W1T;VTZ







#`L-C0R+#DR

M='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$E.W=H:71E








24[










M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z






M;VTZ



'!T










T1B;W1T;VT@








T1B;W1T

T1W:61T:#HQ

M;CIR:6=H=#MM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G

M;W)M86P[)SXH



M86P[)SXI)B


24[/@T*/'`@


M9VEN+6QE9G0Z







M+6QE9G0Z







T1W:61T:#HT.24[





M;W(]
T0C0T9&


T0G

M




M)B










T1W:61T:#HQ)3MW:&ET

T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HP

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N

'!T.V9O;G0M



M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL

M





M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS

'!T

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I

M;BUB;W1T;VTZ




T0C0T9&
M










M;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V




M86P[)SXF(S$V


T1W:61T:#HQ




M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$E





M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&
$9#('-T


T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HP

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N

'!T.V9O;G0M




M




M*#0N












MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HT.24[/@T*/'`@


M9VEN+6QE9G0Z

T1B;W1T





#LF(S$V
M


M=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!C;VQS

3

3`E.SX-


M







M;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[=&5X=UT

38P.SPO

T1B;W1T;VT@8F=C

'!T.V9O



M=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

24[/@T*/'`@


M9VEN+6QE9G0Z






'0M86QI9VXZ<FEG:'0[;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HP<'0[;6%R



'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT


3

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS

M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP


M(S$V
#LF(S$V





M)SXF(S$V



M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP


M(S$V


T1W:61T:#HQ


M86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXQ-PX-#8L,S8V/]P/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

24[

M;F1E;G0Z

3!P=#MF


38P.R8C
38P




M;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[=&5X=UT

38P.SPO


M;F1E;G0Z

3!P=#MF



M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S






#








'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT


Q-C`[)B

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

M=VED=&@Z





'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT




'!T.SMT

M



M+#
R




M86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\



24[/@T*/'`@


M9VEN+6QE9G0Z

'!T



Q-C`[)B

M


M









M=&@Z


M=&@Z





'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.FYO



M=VED=&@Z


M=VED=&@Z





'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT



M/3-$=VED=&@Z




M1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C0Y)3L^

M=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ
G!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$E

'!T.SMF;VYT+7-I




38P.R8C

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H

'!T.SMF;VYT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$P

M;VTZ














'!T.SMF;VYT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M




T1W:61T

T0G;6%R9VEN

'!T.SMT

M


38P




M;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[=&5X=UT

38P.SPO


M;F1E;G0Z

3!P=#MF



M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S






T1B;W1T;VT@


M;BUT;W`Z


M;W`Z

M;F1E;G0Z

3!P=#MF


30\

M1D




M9VEN+6QE9G0Z






M86QI9VX]


M

M9G0Z


T1W



#LF(S$V




T1B;W1T;VT@

T1W:61T:#HQ

M:6=H=#MM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM

M86P[)SXH-BPW-3$L






T1B;W1T;VT@








T1B;W1T

T1W:61T:#HQ

M;CIR:6=H=#MM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G

M;W)M86P[)SXH-RPS-C0L



'!T.VUA
F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US

T1B;W1T





#L\+W`^



T1B

T1W:61T:#HQ

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM





'!T.SMF;VYT+69A;6EL

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N



M=')A;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HQ


M87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V

T0G=&5X






'!T.SMF;VYT+69A

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[


#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&


T1B;W1T




T1B



T1B;W1T





M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I




Q

T0C0T9&
M


T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O

'!T.SMT97AT

'!T




M+6QE9G0Z












'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.FYO



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H

'!T.SMF;VYT





M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$E

'!T.SMF;VYT+69A

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[



M1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$P)3L^

M


M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

M/3-$=VED=&@Z




M/BDF(S$V



M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP


M(S$V






M

M1D8P1D

T1W:61T:#HQ

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM

M.B!N;W)M86P[)SXH


M;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXI)B,Q-C`[/]P/CPO=&0^#0H\
M+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H

M=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ
G!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
3)P=#L[



M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\+W`^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HQ)3L^


M86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V






M;W)M86P[)SXI)B


24[/@T*


M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z







M9VEN+6QE9G0Z





M




'!T.VUA
F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US











M;&4]







T1B;W1T;VT@

T1W:61T:#HQ

M:6=H=#MM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM

M86P[)SXH




M1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C0Y)3L^

M=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ
G!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM

M87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXR

M1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$E.SX-


M



38P.R8C

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$E

'!T.SMF;VYT+7-I





M
T0Q
R!V86QI9VX]



'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I



M/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C0Y

M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ
G!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
3)P=#L[9F]N




T1B;W1T;VT@










M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HQ)3MW:&ET

T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HP

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N

'!T.V9O;G0M


Q-C`[)B



T0G;6%R9VEN

'!T.SMT

M


Q-C`[


'!T.SMT97AT

'!T


3`L-3






#LF
M(S$V


M9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]



M)SXF(S$V



M/3-$=VED=&@Z




M/B8C
38P.R8C


M;G0Z

















T1B;W1T




M9VEN+6QE9G0Z





Q-C`[)B



M;BUB;W1T;VTZ









'!T.SMF;VYT+69A;6EL

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N


M

M


'!T

















M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$E

'!T.SMF;VYT+7-I





M1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$E.SX-

'!T.SMF;VYT+69A;6EL

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N



M='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$P)3L^#0H\

'!T


M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]











'!T.SMF;VYT+69A;6EL

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N


RPQ-#


T1W:61T:#HQ)3MW

T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN

'!T.V9O





M




M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HQ)3L^#0H\


M.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V



T1W:61T
M:#HQ



6QE/3-$=VED
M=&@Z


M

M


M=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]


M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP


M(S$V



6QE/3-$)VUA






T1W








M
T1W:61T:#HQ

M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP


M-BPP







M



#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT





M;&4]
T1W:61T:#HQ

M=#MM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F







M;#LG/BDF(S$V
#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&



M8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

24[/@T*


M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z






'0M86QI9VXZ<FEG:'0[;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HP<'0[

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I


S0R+#`T

M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL


M)SXI)B

M
T0C0T9&


T0G;6%R

'!T

M93HQ


Q


M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z






M1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$E.W=H





M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

M/3-$=VED=&@Z



'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I




'!T

M93HQ


M
#(P+#4S

M/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$E.W=H:71E+7-P86-E.FYO=W)A


M87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXI)B

M8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

24[/@T*


M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z






'0M86QI9VXZ<FEG:'0[;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HP<'0[

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I



M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL


M)SXI)B





T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN

'!T.V9O




'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N

'!T.V9O;G0M







M


M

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E


'!T.VUA





M86P[)SXF(S$V


M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HQ





M9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXI)B,Q-C`[/]P/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@


M

M9G0Z

'!T.V9O;G0M






M86QI9VX]







'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.FYO





'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L


M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

24[




M93HQ



Q-C`[)B

M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

3`E

M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]











'!T.SMF;VYT+69A;6EL

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N


'!T


MCQT9!V86QI9VX]


M;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]


M9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M=')A;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXH,XW-SPO



M;W)M86P[)SXI)B

M8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&


M

M9G0Z














T1W:61T:#HQ)3MW

T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN

'!T.V9O




4[9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N




M:61T:#HY-BXV-R4[;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
RXS









;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]A9F%E8V-E9%\Y8S5A
M7S0Q
F-?.68X-%\Q.#!A9&



M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13



]






M;&4]



M9R!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@:&%V92!B965N

C`[
M52Y3+B!'04%0)B
X



T1T;W`^4V5G;65N='
\+W1D/@T*





]



@86YD(%5N8V5R=&%I;G1I
M97

3L@












M=')U;65N='









M;W(@97-T:6UA=&5D('5N8V]L;&5C=&EB;&4@86-C;W5N='

M:6]D:6
@8F%S:7

@86-C;W5N
M='

@86X@86QL;W=A;F-E(&9O





M9F8@=VAE;B!M86YA9V5M96YT(&1E96US('1H96T@=&\@8F4@=6YC;VQL96-T

]


M

M93HQ

6QE/3-$9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z;F]R;6%L.SX@)B
X
M





L('!R;V1U8W0@9&5T97)I;W)A



]


4[9F]N=UW





M;G1A;!L96=A;!A;F0@86-C;W5N=&EN9R!F965S(')E;&%T:6YG('1O('1H

X
C(P.TE03R8C.#(R
3LI
M(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W
@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&%R92!C87!I

M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
3
L(#(P
30N(#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^/]D:78^/'-P86X^/]S



M;G0Z

3!P=#MF;VYT+69A
6QE.FYO<FUA;#MT97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3IN





M97




34@)B
X




M92!O9B!T:&4@87-S971S(&]V97(@='=O('EE87)S(&%R92!C:&%R9V5D('1O

@:6YC=7)R960N($QE87-E:&]L9!I;7!R;W9E;65N=',@
M87)E(&%M;W)T:7IE9!O=F5R('1H92!S:&]R=&5R(&]F('1H92!T97)M(&]F



]



3)P=#MT97AT+6EN

'!T.V9O;G0M


X
C$Q.R!4













@86YD(&%S

M;G0@:7


]
M


4[9F]N=UW









M96YC97



#`E






M.SXF(S@R




M;F%B;&4N(%1H:7


L

M8V@@:7



L(&ES(')E



@=&\@8W5S=&]M


@











@:6YC=7)R960N($%D=F5R=&ES

30L(#(P
3

BPP


]



3)P=#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY


3L@0V]S='
@:6YC=7)R960@9F]R('-H:7!P:6YG(&%N


M96YT(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G




M(0Y+#0T-RPT,#8L(0V+#@W
BPY-3

C`Q
RP@86YD(#(P


]
3MM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P
M=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C$R<'0[=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z
4[9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z




M
T1F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[/B`F(S@R
3$[(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E
M8V]G;FEZ97



M;G


#`V+!B87-E9!O;B!T:&4@9W)A;G0@9&%T92!F




M=V%R9'





M97(@:7





N(%1H92!H:65R87)C:'D@9VEV
M97








T0P

M-S










979E;`Q(8C.#(Q


M96UE;G0@9&%T92X@3&5V96P@

@;V8@9FEN



M/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX-CQD:78@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/@T*/'1A8FQE(&)O

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$




M
T1W:61T:#HY-RXW


@:6YC;'5D960@=VET:&EN($QE=F5L(#$@=&AA



@;W(@;&EA8FEL:71I97
@:6X@86-T



M870@87)E(&YO=!A8W1I=F4I+B!,979E;`R(&EN8VQU9&5S(&9I;F%N8VEA

M/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^#0H\9&EV(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X-CQT86)L92!B
M;W)D97(]


T1T;W`@










M97)A=&EO;G

'!T.VUA


3!P=#MF



M;FQY(&UA:6YT86EN960@3&5V96P@

@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S




X
C$W.W
@









38P.S$U+`R
M,#$T+B!(;W=E=F5R+!!4U4@





M:6%L('-T871E;65N='

M(&]F($%352`R



M

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY


M36%Y)B
Q-C`[
C@L(#(P

Q
M-C`[

F(S@R




@=&\@8W5S=&]M97)S+B!4:&4@





Q-C`[
2P@
C`Q-RX@16%R;'D@87!P
M;&EC871I;VX@:7

#$T+3`Y('=I
M;&P@:&%V92!O;B!I='

@

@
M:70@9&5T97)M:6YE9!T:&4@969F96-T(&]F('1H92!S=&%N9&%R9!O;B!I
M='

M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO869A96-C961?.6
U85\T
3)C7SEF.#1?
3@P861C

O4VAE970R-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]

I/&)R


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#







M



M;&QO=W

T1C96YT97(@


#`E


'!T.SMF;VYT





M
#LF(S$V




'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N




M;W`Z



3I!<FEA;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US

M;VTZ




24[




M;BUT;W`Z




6QE/3-$=VED
M=&@Z







B!V86QI9VX]




#`P


M;W)M86P[)SXR

#L\+W`^/]T9#X-
MCPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M0T9&
3I!<FEA;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[

T1B;W1T;VT@8F=C



T1B;W1T;VT@




M
T0C0T9&


M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

24[

M;F1E;G0Z

3!P=#MF


38P.R8C
38P




M;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[=&5X=UT

38P.R8C
M



M


@

T1W:61T:#HQ

M:6=H=#MM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM

M86P[)SXQ+#0S
2PT








'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT


Q-C`[)B



'!T



'!T









M.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V



M



#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT

M;&4]


M9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXX,#4L-#(T/]P/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@



'!T.SMF

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN


38P.R8C



T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O

3)P=#L[=&5X

T1B;W1T;VT@8F=C;VQO




M
#LF(S$V


T0G=VED=&@Z


XW-7!T(
P
#`P


3!P
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[=&5X=UT

38P.SPO


XW
M-7!T(
P
#`P

M;W(]
T0C0T9&



M



M


M=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&






T0G=VED
M=&@Z



M=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ
G!T.SMT97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#HM



T0G;6%R9VEN

'!T.SMT

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R


Q-C`[
M)B




24[/@T*/'`@


M9VEN+6QE9G0Z

'!T




M

















M


@

T0G=VED=&@Z-S4E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.G-O;&ED(#`N-S5P


'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O



T0G

M

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M


M)B
Q-C`[)B

#`P




M

M1D8P1D

T0G=VED=&@Z
3`E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.G-O;&ED




M;#LG/B@W
2PT.3


T0G=VED=&@Z










M;W(]
T0C0T9&


M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM

M.B!N;W)M86P[)SXH
3@T+#








M.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V

M;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\
M+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z
M



'!T.VUA
F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US


M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z


M

S$T
M+#$U

M=')A;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF
M(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M=VED=&@Z




#LF(S$V
#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT

P
#`P





#`P


'!T


M9&5R+6)O='1O;3ID;W5B;&4@




#LF(S$V

T0G;6%R9VEN








]



]



]







M;#LG/B8C


T0P(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('-T

3`P)3LG
M/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL












M;BUB;W1T;VTZ




M;&4]





38P.R8C

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P


3I!<FEA;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL


M;&4]












M;BUB;W1T;VTZ




M

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS

M87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ
G!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
M




3!P=#MF;VYT+69A;6EL

M
38P.R8C






M1D8P1D

T1W:61T:#HQ

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM


M


M;VTZ


M;W1T;VTZ



M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]




M8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&



'!T.SMF

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN


38P.R8C



T1W:61T






M=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]



M86P[)SXF(S$V









M;#LG/B8C
38P.R8C


M;F1E;G0Z




38P.R8C
38P


'!T.SMF;VYT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M






M

M9VX]










Q-C`[)B

M=')A;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SY=6EL9&EN

M8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

24[/@T*


M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z






'0M86QI9VXZ<FEG:'0[;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HP<'0[

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I


















'!T.SMF

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I




M
#LF(S$V
#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
3I!<FEA;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[






M


M

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E


M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$E.W=H:71E



#LF(S$V
#L\+W`^



M9VX]


M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP


M(S$V




T1W

T0G;6%R

'!T

M93HQ


Q
M-C`[)B



M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&
$9#('-T


T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HP

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M


Q-C`[)B

M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&
$9#('-T



M=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]


M9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]


M;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]













Q-C`[)B




T1W:61T:#HQ)3L^


M86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V



T1W
M:61T:#HQ




M

M/3-$=VED=&@Z



'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I


Q-C`[)B







T0C0T9&
M


T0C0T9&
M



M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ




M1D

T0G=VED=&@Z


M=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&


M=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&





T1B;W1T;VT@8F=C;VQO

#`P



'!T.VUA
F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US

T1B;W1T






'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT


Q-C`[)B


M9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]




M)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V

M;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HQ



BPQ-C0L-3

M



M









M+#DV.PQ,30\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M

T0G

M




M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[/]P/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#HW







3!P=#MF


38P.R8C


#`P

M

M9G0Z






#`P






M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXI/]P/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&




T1B

#`P


M;BUT;W`Z

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&


M;BUB;W1T;VTZ




'!T.VUA


M='1O;3ID;W5B;&4@


3!P=#MF;VYT+69A

M/B8C
38P.R8C



P
#`P

M


M;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V

M;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V
M,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G=VED
M=&@Z


'!T

T1B;W1T;VT@

T0G=VED=&@Z
3`E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.F1O=6)L92`R+C5P






M
T0G=VED=&@Z


T0G;6%R

'!T

M93HQ


Q
M-C`[)B


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B]A9F%E8V-E9%\Y8S5A7S0Q
F-?.68X-%\Q.#!A9&
W.68V.#DO5V]R:W-H


M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]





]



\




6QE/3-$)VUA<F=I;BUB;W1T;VTZ

M

M93HQ


Q
M-C`[/]P/@T*/&1I=CX-CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]

M/3-$

'!T.VUA



2XQ
M







#`P



'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP





Q-C`[
S$L

#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\

M.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P.G-O;&ED(#`N-S5P=`C,#`P,#`P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T
M=&]M.G-O;&ED(#`N-S5P=`C
#`P



T1M:61D

T0G=VED=&@Z







#`P

T0G;6%R9VEN

'!T.SMT


B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M


XW-7!T(
P
#`P
#`[(&)O




M;W`Z











3$N
3(E.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P.G-O;&ED(#`N-S5P=`C
M,#`P,#`P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.G-O;&ED(#%P=`C
#`P






3I!<FEA;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL


T1W:61T:#HV
M






M

M;&4]

M+6QE9G0Z

M


M96YT.BTQ

T1B;W1T



M



M



M



M



M86QI9VX]


M9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]




M;W`Z

G!T.SMF








M=#MM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F

M)SXF(S@R

T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HP


M;W1T;VTZ







M9VX]




M)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V


'!T.SMF

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN



M#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$

M:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ
G!T
M.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM





T0G=VED=&@Z


'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N

'!T.V9O;G0M

















T0G=VED=&@Z

XW-7!T(
P
#`P
#`[)SX-

M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$;6ED9&QE(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.C$N

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

M)W=I9'1H.C$N

M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.C$N


M9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]


'!T.SMT97AT+6EN

'!T.V9O






M;#LG/B8C
38P.R8C

M86QI9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z-C$N-C8E.R!B;W)D97(M

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.C$N


M=#MM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F


M)SXT
2PW-3




M/3-$)W=I9'1H.C$N


38E
M.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P.G-O;&ED(#`N-S5P=`C,#`P,#`P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T
M=&]M.F1O=6)L92`R+C5P=`C
#`P











#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3ID;W5B;&4@

#`P
M


38E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.F1O=6)L92`R






M;&4@



M;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[=&5X=UT

38P.R8C
M

M;&4@

#`P





M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z


M

M9G0Z





Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[/]P/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/]T86)L93X\+V1I

]
T1R93X-


M;7!A;GDF(S@R



M)SXF(S$V


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


B!V86QI9VX]

M

T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HP

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N


M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-


T0G=VED
M=&@Z




38P.R8C

'!T.SMF;VYT



#LS
'0M:6YD96YT.C!P=#L[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP



M86QI9VX]







M;W`Z








M+6QE9G0Z



M=VED=&@Z



'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP


#LF(S$V
#L\+W`^

M9&EN9RU4;W`Z


P
#`P

'!T.SMF



C`Q



M(S$V
#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&


T0C0T9&
M





#`P
#LG/@T*/'`@



M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXS-XP

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS
M1'=I9'1H.C$N

M






T0G
M=VED=&@Z



'!T


@


P
M
#`P


M=')A;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXE/]P/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&
$9#('-T


T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O



M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&
$9#('-T

M:6=H=#MM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM



'!T.SMF

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN


#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^







M;&4]






'!T.SMT97AT+6EN

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O





M;W1T;VTZ



'!T.VUA


'0M86QI9VXZ<FEG:'0[;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HP<'0[;6%R



'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT




'!T.SMF

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN


M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&





T1W:61T

M;BUB;W1T;VTZ




3!P=#MF;VYT+69A;6EL







T0C0T9&
$9#


T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O

'!T.SMT97AT



M='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.CDN-30E.SX-

MCQT9!V86QI9VX]



'!T.VUA


M



M9G0Z






T1W:61T:#HR+C0E.W=H:71E+7-P86-E.FYO



MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HV-XY.4[/@T*


M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z

T1B


M:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ
G!T
M.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM


M=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ
G!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
3)P=#L[


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$N


3!P=#MF;VYT

M;#LG/B4I)B


M+6QE9G0Z

'!T.V9O




M





M;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V



T1W:61T

M;BUB;W1T;VTZ





T1W:61T:#HR




Q-C`[






M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&



3!P=#LG/B9N


#`P

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG
M;CIR:6=H=#MM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G
M:6XM;&5F=#HQ,G!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM,3)P=#L[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1B;W1T


M;W)M86P[)SXE*28C
38P.R8C




M;BUT;W`Z



M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&
$9#


'!T.SMT97AT

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L



T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O



M
T0G=VED=&@Z



M;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


'!T.VUA






S0N
#`\+W`^

@

T0G=VED=&@Z




T0G;6%R9VEN

3)P=#L[

T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O


M8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ
G!T.SMT
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM



M:#HQ+C$V)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3ID;W5B;&4@


'!T.SMF;VYT




Q-C`[)B

#`P
#`P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.F1O=6)L




M:60@
XW-7!T(
P
#`P

'0M86QI9VXZ<FEG:'0[<&%D
M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


'!T




M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3ID;W5B;&4@


3!P


T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HP

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M


Q-C`[)B

#`P



M.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V



M9G0Z










M;VTZ

3)P=#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP)3MF;VYT+7-I




M9&EF9F5R96YC97



M;&4]


#L\+W`^#0H\

T0P(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$




B!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HV
2XV-B4[






M

W+C$X)3L@8F]R


M)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V


3I!<FEA;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN



T0G;6%R

'!T


#`P




M
T0G=VED=&@Z
3`N
#0E.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P.G-O;&ED(#`N-S5P=`C,#`P
M,#`P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.G-O;&ED(#`N-S5P=`C
#`P





T0G=VED=&@Z
2XT


XW-7!T(
P
#`P





#LF(S$V
M



M

P
#`P

'!T.SMF;VYT+7-I



C`Q



#`P

T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HP

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N


M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z
2XQ-B4[(&)O

XW-7!T(
P
#`P




M)B
Q-C`[)B

#`P
M







M;#LG/B8C

M


'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.FYO





M;&5F=#HQ
G!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM


#`P

T0G=&5X=UA
M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM
M87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ,G!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM,3)P=#L[9F]N=US:7IE


M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

2XT
M



6QE/3-$)VUA






M9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXD/]P/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&


M9VEN+6QE9G0Z







M='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$N
38E.W=H




#LF(S$V
#L\

M1D





#LF
M(S$V



M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP




M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z





#
T+#`Q

M1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$N
38E




#LF(S$V
M
#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
3I!
M<FEA;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[=&5X

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

6QE/3-$









MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HQ+C$V)3L^#0H\


M.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V



T1W






M;VTZ



M











M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I

M87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ
G!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
M




T1W:61T
M:#HQ



T1B;W1T;VT@8F=C;VQO

M1=M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F
M=#HQ,G!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM,3)P=#L[9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97
@


M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&
$9#('-T


M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&
$9#('-T

M:6=H=#MM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM

M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LQ+#`R.PX.#`\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B



T1B



M9VX]


M=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]




T0C0T9&
M



'!T.SMF;VYT+69A;6EL

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N


38P.R8C



T1W:61T:#HV
2XV-B4[





M

G!T.SMF;VYT


T1W:61T
M:#HQ





'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$N


3!P


38P.R8C

M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$N


3!P=#MF;VYT+69A;6EL

M


M;VTZ



T1W:61T:#HQ+C$V


M87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V





M;&4]
T1W:61T:#HQ

M:6=H=#MM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM






'!T


M.BTQ







M;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$P+C`T)3L^#0H\

'!T


M.BTQ




M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL



T1W:61T:#HQ+C$V)3L^#0H\


M.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V


T1W:61T:#HQ+C$X


M87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V


T1W:61T:#HX+CDV

M;VTZ


















'!T.SMF

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN


C@T+#$V

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I
M9'1H.C$N

M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP


M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N







3!P=#MF;VYT+69A



M;BUB;W1T;VTZ





M9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z
3`N
#0E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T



'!T.V9O;G0M




'!T.SMF




38P.R8C


#`P

M



T1B;W1T





M;VTZ





'!T.SMF

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN





M)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V


'!T







'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.FYO


2PX
CD\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT






'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT




T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HP




'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I



P
#`P


'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT


X



M;BUT;W`Z

G!T

T1B;W1T;VT@8F=C;VQO


T1B;W1T;VT@8F=C


XW-7!T(
P
#`P





M
T0C0T9&

M;&ED(#`N-S5P=`C,#`P,#`P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.F1O=6)L92`R+C5P
M=`C
#`P

T0G



M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

M

M;VTZ


M;&4@



M;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[=&5X=UT

38P.R8C
M




'!T.VUA
F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US

T1B;W1T;VT@8F=C

#`P
#`P.W=H:71E+7-P86-E.FYO=W)A


M;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S@R,3([/]P
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&
$9#

38E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.F1O=6)L92`R











@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&%R92!S=6UM


M9VX]


M.R!W:61T:#HQ






M)B


M:60@
XW-7!T(
P
#`P

M;F1E;G0Z



Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[


'!T.SMT97AT


'!T



#`P
#LG





#`P







MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HQ+C(R)3L^#0H\

3I!<FEA;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US


'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P+C0R)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3IS;VQI


M9G0Z


M=VED=&@Z



'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP


M;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]


3I!<FEA;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL


M;W1T;VTZ


M


M=&@Z







M;W1T;VTZ







T1B



M=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

M=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ
G!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#HM


2PW



M1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$N
C(E

'!T.SMF;VYT+7-I




38P.R8C

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H





'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.FYO



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H

M;W1T;VTZ







T1B;W1T;VT@8F=C;VQO




T0C
M0T9&



M;W1T;VTZ















'!T.VUA


M







2XR

T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O

'!T.SMT97AT

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L


Q-C`[)B
Q


M9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HQ



#LH

M;BUB;W1T;VTZ




'!T



'!T

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H


CL\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT


T0G=VED=&@Z-C
N.#(E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T

'!T.V9O;G0M




#`P
#LG/@T*/'`@


M9VEN+6QE9G0Z

M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ
M
G!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM






3!P=#MF;VYT



T0G=VED=&@Z
2XR




T1B;W1T;VT@8F=C;VQO

#`P



T1B;W1T;VT@8F=C;VQO

#`P




T0G=VED=&@Z
2XQ-B4[(&)O





M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

38E.R!B;W)D

M=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

38E.R!B




T1B;W1T;VT@8F=C

#`P



'!T



M;F1E;G0Z

3!P=#MF


M9'1H.C8S+C@R)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3ID;W5B;&4@


M93HQ





#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3ID;W5B;&4@

#`P
M


M;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S@R,3([/]P



3!P=#LG/B9N8G-P


M;W`Z

M=&]P.G-O;&ED(#`N-S5P=`C,#`P,#`P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.F1O=6)L
M92`R+C5P=`C
#`P

M;&4]

M+6QE9G0Z







XW-7!T(
P
M
#`P




M;#LG/B8C.#(Q


38E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.F1O=6)L92`R

M.C$N


P
#`P


M;W1T;VTZ




T0G=VED=&@Z
M


T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O

'!T.SMT97AT

'!T


Q-C`[)B
Q

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]A9F%E
M8V-E9%\Y8S5A7S0Q
F-?.68X-%\Q.#!A9&



M='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O

]








]



M=W


M;&4]



M/3-$=VED=&@Z-S0N

M;G0Z




M.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V

'!T.W!A9&1I


P
#`P





#LS


38P

T1B;W1T;VT@





'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P







M;#LG/B8C

M93TS1'=I9'1H.C$N

M;G0Z



Q-C`[)B

P
#`P

'!T.SMF



C`Q

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$N




M)B





M;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


3!P
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[=&5X=UT


M1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$N



M86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V


T1W:61T:#HQ



#LF(S$V
#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT


T1W




M=')A;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXQ+#$S,2PX
M.#`\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


T

M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ
G!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
3)P=#L[9F]N



M;&4]

M+6QE9G0Z

'!T.V9O









T0G;6%R9VEN

'!T.SMT

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R


Q-C`[


2XQ-B4[=VAI=&4M

M

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.CDN
S0E.W=H:71E







M

M

M9G0Z





Q-C`[)B



T0C
M0T9&


T0G;6%R

'!T

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY


Q
M-C`[)B

M;W(]
T0C0T9&



#LR
BPU
#`\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT


T1W



#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT


T1W



#LF(S$V


M;&4]






M;&4]
T1W:61T:#HY+C






T1B;W1T;VT@8F=C

M#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I


M87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ
G!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
M


M.C$N

'!T.SMF




38P.R8C

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$N


3!P



M;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.CDN






'!T.VUA



'!T


M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z


2XQ-B4[=VAI

M;G0Z

3!P=#MF;VYT


38P.R8C
38P.SPO

T1B;W1T;VT@8F=C

'!T



M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

2XQ








Q-C`[)B

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&





M





M)SXF(S$V





M)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V


T1W:61T:#HQ+C$V)3MW:&ET92US



'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I




M;BUB;W1T;VTZ




3!P=#MF;VYT+69A;6EL


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$N


3!P=#MF;VYT+69A

M/B8C
38P.R8C

M='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$N

M;F1E;G0Z





M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.CDN
S0E


M;BUT;W`Z






M;W1T;VTZ




'!T.SMT97AT

'!T


L

M;W1T;VTZ




T0G=VED=&@Z-S0N
S0E.R!B

M



'!T





M



#L\+W`^

@






M




T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN

'!T.V9O



T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HP

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M


Q-C`[)B

#`P





M


S9P=#L[

M=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

38E.R!B

'!T





'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I



M;&4]

M+6QE9G0Z

'!T.V9O



Q-C`[)B

#`P




M86QI9VX]


P
#`P

M=')A;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LR
M+#DS.PS


M;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z



M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V

P
#`P

M;G0Z

3!P=#MF;VYT











2PY


'!T.SMF;VYT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M


38P.R8C


M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO869A96-C961?.6
U85\T
3)C7SEF
M.#1?

O4VAE970S










]
T1R




M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C9P=#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP




30@:7




M9STS1#`@86QI9VX]






M;BUB;W1T;VTZ





M9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z




38E.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P.G-O
M;&ED(#`N-S5P=`C,#`P,#`P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.G-O;&ED(#`N-S5P
M=`C
#`P



#LF(S$V

#`P
#`P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T













T0R('9A;&EG;CTS

M;BUB;W1T;VTZ




M+6QE9G0Z








M(')O=W-P86X]


'!T

M/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C0T9&
3I!<FEA;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL

#`@4F5V;VQV:6YG($YO

M;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$N

M;F1E;G0Z

3!P=#MF


#`P+#`P
#PO


M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z.#(N-S@E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.G-O;&ED(#`N-S5P


'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O


M;B`D-C(L-3`P+#`P


C(E.R!B;W)D



M=#MM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F

M)SXR+#4P
PP,#`\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M
T0G=VED=&@Z














3!P=#LG


#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3ID;W5B;&4@
BXU

#`P



'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I



P
#`P


M

M+W`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T

M;F1E;G0Z







#`P

M;&4]

M+6QE9G0Z




P
#`P



M;W1T;VTZ








M;G0Z

3!P=#MF;VYT


38P.R@R-PP,#`L
M,#`P/]P/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&
M


T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O

'!T.SMT97AT

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L




T1W
M:61T:#HX


'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M





M;BUT;W`Z


M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP


M-C(L-3`P+#`P

'!T.VUA



PP,#`@,3`E($YO=&4\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B






M
T0G=VED=&@Z


M

M
PP,#`\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]




M:61T:#HX






M.C$N
38E.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P.G-O;&ED(#`N-S5P=`C,#`P,#`P.R!B;W)D
M97(M8F]T=&]M.F1O=6)L92`R+C5P=`C
#`P




#`P
#L@
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3ID;W5B;&4@

#`P

M;&4]










'!T.VUA
3I!<FEA;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US




'!T.SMT97AT


M;W1T;VTZ




#`@0W)E9&ET
M($9A8VEL:71I97


M





PP,#`\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T




M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I

M87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HS-G!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
M
6UE;G0@;V8@)#0P
M+#`P
PP,#`@0W)E9&ET($9A8VEL:71I97,@/]P/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&


M;BUB;W1T;VTZ








M;F1E;G0Z





B4[/@T*/'`@


M9VEN+6QE9G0Z



M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$N
38E.SX-

'!T.SMF;VYT+69A;6EL




M;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXR+#`P,PP
#`\

M;'DZ5&EM97



M=#HS-G!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM


#`P+#`P

M;W(]
T0C0T9&

C(E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T


M
XW-7!T(
P
#`P



3!P=#MF;VYT+69A;6EL

M+W`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T

BXU







38E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.F1O=6)L92`R


M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXD/]P/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@

M+6)O='1O;3ID;W5B;&4@

#`P

T0G














3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
M

]

]
M

]


]





38P.S






M;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M


T1W:61T



M
38P.R8C

T0R('9A;&EG;CTS


#`P






M;G0Z





T0C
M0T9&


T0G;6%R9VEN

'!T.SMT

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R


Q-C`[
M)B





W
PS,3@\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@

M#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I

M:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ
G!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
3)P




T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN

'!T.V9O




'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N

'!T.V9O;G0M


S0X+#$U

M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$E.W=H:71E



#LF(S$V
#L\+W`^
M/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C0T9&







3!P=#MF;VYT+69A

M/C(P


T0G=VED=&@Z

M:60@

M=')A;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF
M(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


M;VTZ





'!T

M93HQ


CDL
M





38P.R8C

MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z.#@E.R!B;W)D







M)W=I9'1H.C$P)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3ID;W5B;&4@

#`P
M





M


M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP

M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]A9F%E8V-E9%\Y8S5A7S0Q
F-?.68X-%\Q.#!A9&
W







T0Q/C$R


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^



M=&EV92!$:79I9&5N9'






T0G8F]R9&5R+6-O



N

M

M9G0Z


B!V86QI9VX]
T1B

T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

'!T.W=I

M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP

M9VX]


3I!<FEA;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M




M;&4]

M+6QE9G0Z

















38P.R8C



M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SY#87-H('!R;V-E961S(')E
M8V5I=F5D+!N970@;V8@:7-S=6%N8V4@8V]S='
@*#$I)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
'0M:6YD96YT.C!P=#L[9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97









T
2PU


T1W:61T

T0G;6%R

'!T

M93HQ


M

T1B;W1T

T1W:61T:#HX






'!T

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H



M




M;W`Z


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

M
30N












T1W:61T:#HQ

'!T.SMF;VYT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M



M86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXX


T0G8F]R9&5R+6-O

RXS
M




@0R!I;G9E



U85\T
3)C
M7SEF.#1?
3@P861C-SEF-C@Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+V%F865C8V5D7SEC-6%?-#$R8U\Y9C@T7S$X


S

M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$5634%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


M/3-$




]
T1R


4[9F]N=US='EL93II=&%L:6





T1C


M:#HQ


'!T





M)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V





M96%R($5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[


M(S$V
#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T





M86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V

'!T.W!A



M9G0Z



M;BUT;W`Z



T0G

M


B!V86QI9VX]
M


M4FEG:'0Z

#`P
#LG


6QE.FYO<FUA;#MT97AT+71R86YS9F]R

C`Q








M;W`Z



M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z


M


M#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$

M:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ
G!T
M.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM



M=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

24[/@T*/'`@


M9VEN+6QE9G0Z

'!T



Q-C`[)B

M=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&


M

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E




















M;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]





M:6XM;&5F=#HQ
G!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM


\+W`^



M9VX]


M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP


M(S$V







'!T



'!T








M;#LG/B8C
38P.R8C


M;F1E;G0Z





M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$E.SX-

'!T.SMF;VYT+69A;6EL

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N






6QE






T1W:61T
M:#HV





M=')A;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF
M(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


M8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

3`E.W=H



M86P[)SXQ+C`Q)2`M(#(N

'!T


M


M;VTZ




M;W(]
T0C0T9&



'!T.SMF;VYT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$E

'!T.SMF;VYT+7-I





M1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$E.SX-

'!T.SMF;VYT+69A;6EL

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N



M='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$P)3L^#0H\








'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R



M;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V
M,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T




T0G




M86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V



M;&4]






M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$E.W=H:71E+7-P86-E







M



#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT

M;&4]

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$E.W=H:71E+7-P86-E.FYO



#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\




]



\+W1D/@T*

M='EL93II=&%L:6



M87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@

M/3-$

XW-7!T(
P
#`P
M





#LF(S$V
#L\









T0G;6%R

'!T



T1W:61T



M+6QE9G0Z

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M




Q-C`[4')I








Q
M-C`[)B

P
#`P
#`[)SX-

M;G0Z






M)B

#LF(S$V

M;W`Z



M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z



T1W:61T:#HQ



M



M
2P@
C`Q



3!P=#MF;VYT+69A;6EL

M
38P.R8C





M/B8C




M

M;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V
M,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M=')A;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF
M(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]



M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&
$9#



M=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]


M9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]


M;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]





'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT



M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

M








Q-C`[)B

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

M

'!T.SMF;VYT





M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$E

'!T.SMF;VYT+7-I





MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HT.24[/@T*/'`@


M9VEN+6QE9G0Z

M;W1T;VTZ




M;BUT;W`Z


'!T.SMF;VYT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M





M

M9G0Z

'!T.V9O;G0M



Q-C`[)B










M;BUT;W`Z






M;W1T;VTZ





M





M


M=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]



M86P[)SXF(S$V

T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HP

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H

M=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ
G!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
3)P=#L[
&5R8VES960\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT


T1W



#LF(S$V


M



#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT


T1W
M:61T:#HQ




M-3

M1D8P1D




M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z








3!P


38P.R8C

M1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$E.SX-

'!T.SMF;VYT+69A;6EL


T1W:61T:#HQ
M



6QE












'!T.VUA
3I!<FEA;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US




T1B;W1T;VT@




T1B;W1T;VT@8F=C



T1B;W1T;VT@




T1B;W1T;VT@8F=C

M

M9G0Z

'!T.V9O;G0M





M=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ
G!T.SMT97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#HM





M87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V

M;BUB;W1T;VTZ




M:#HQ


'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N

'!T.V9O;G0M



'!T

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H


#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT



M)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V


'!T.VUA


M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z
3`E.R!B


'!T.SMF

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN










Q-C`[)B

T0G;6%R

'!T

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY


Q
M-C`[)B






'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT




3!P=#MF;VYT+69A

M/B8C



'!T.SMF







3!P=#MF;VYT+69A;6EL

M
38P.R8C



'!T











M
T0G=VED=&@Z








M9VEN+6QE9G0Z

'!T



Q-C`[)B

#`P
#`P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M

M=')A;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P

M;F1E;G0Z

3!P=#MF



#PO




M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V


T0G=VED=&@Z






T1B;W1T

M;VTZ



#`P


3!P
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[=&5X=UT


@

T0G=VED=&@Z


M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&


M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&


M;W(]
T0C0T9&








M;W1T;VTZ



M


M






#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT


T0G
M=VED=&@Z





'!T

G!T.SMF;VYT+7-I






M
T0G=VED=&@Z

XW-7!T(
P
#`P
#`[

'!T.SMF;VYT+69A

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[




M
XW-7!T(
P
#`P




T1B;W1T;VT@





#LF(S$V
#L\





T1B

T0G=VED=&@Z
3`E.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P.G-O;&ED(#`N




6QE/3-$)VUA





'!T



'!T

M=')A;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HQ


M87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V



M



#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT

M;&4]

M+6QE9G0Z

'!T.V9O




M#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$

M:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ
G!T
M.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM




M


M;W`Z

M;F1E;G0Z

3!P=#MF


PW-3,\+W`^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

24[/@T*/'`@


M9VEN+6QE9G0Z

'!T



Q-C`[)B

M;F1E;G0Z

3!P=#MF




M;&4]

M

M9G0Z





Q-C`[)B

M=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

24[/@T*/'`@


M9VEN+6QE9G0Z

'!T


























T1B;W1T;VT@8F=C;VQO


M;W1T;VTZ








'!T.SMF




38P.R8C














M;&4]

M

M9G0Z





Q-C`[)B

M





M9VX]


M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP


M(S$V
#LF(S$V


M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HQ



T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O





T0G;6%R

'!T

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY


Q


M;BUT;W`Z







T0G=VED=&@Z-#DE.R!B

M





M9VEN+6QE9G0Z

'!T



Q-C`[)B

#`P


M86P[)SXF(S$V


T0G=VED=&@Z
3`E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T

'!T.SMF;VYT+69A;6EL

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N



T0G=VED=&@Z





M;W`Z


M:#HQ


'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N

'!T.V9O;G0M


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS





M
#LF(S$V


T0G=VED=&@Z




T1B;W1T;VT@8F=C;VQO




M

M1D8P1D

T0G=VED=&@Z
3`E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.G-O;&ED

M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&
$9#


M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&


M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&



M;W`Z



'!T


M

M9G0Z

M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z
24[(&)O


M;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V


P
#`P
M

'!T.SMF;VYT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M




M:60@
XW-7!T(
P
#`P



'!T

M93HQ


BPP
M
3@L
S



M

38P
M.R8C



M;BUT;W`Z



P
#`P



M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP


M(S$V
#LF(S$V


M;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z
24[(&)O







P
M
#`P



M


M)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3ID;W5B;&4@



M



38P.R8C



P
#`P

M='1O;3ID;W5B;&4@




#LF(S$V
#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CPO
M='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&
M

M




M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z

M



Q-C`[)B

#`P
#`P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T



#`P


3!P
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[=&5X=UT

#8T+#4V





T1B




T1B

P
#`P


M;W1T;VTZ



M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P
M

M

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E




T0G
M=VED=&@Z


T0G;6%R9VEN

'!T.SMT

M


Q-C`[
M)B

T0G;6%R9VEN

'!T.SMT

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R


Q-C`[
M)B

#`P


M9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]

#`P
#`P.R!B;W)D


'!T.SMF;VYT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M




M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\+W`^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\+W`^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

P
M
#`P


'!T

T1B;W1T;VT@

#`P
#`P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.F1O=6)L




M;#LG/C$P+#DQ-PP-#@\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@


M;VTZ



3!P=#LG/B9N8G-P.SPO



M(%-T;V-K($]P=&EO;G





3!P=#MF;VYT

M;#LG/B8C


T0P(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('-T

3`P)3LG



M;BUB;W1T;VTZ





M=&@Z

7!T(,P,#`P,#`[)SX-CQP

'!T


M/3-$=VED=&@Z



'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP


M;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]


3I!<FEA;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN


M;VTZ

M;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[=&5X=UT



T1W




@


T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O


M86QI9VX]


M=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]


M9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M=')A;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXQ.#DL,C,T
M/]P/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&
M






38P.R8C

M1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$E.SX-


M



38P.R8C

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$E

'!T.SMF;VYT+69A

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[



T1W:61T:#HQ



M;BUB;W1T;VTZ




'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY




'!T.SMF




38P.R8C


















M;#LG/B8C
38P.R8C


M;F1E;G0Z




38P.R8C
38P


'!T.SMF;VYT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M











38P.R8C



'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I



M($]P=&EO;G



M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP


M(S$V
#LF(S$V




M)SXF(S$V


T1W:61T:#HQ



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$E




#LF(S$V
M

M1D8P1D





#LF
M(S$V







M+6QE9G0Z








M;W`Z

G!T.SMF






3!P=#MF;VYT+69A

M/B8C
38P.R8C


M;G0Z

3!P=#MF;VYT



M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$P)3L^#0H\

'!T



24[=VAI=&4M

M

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E






T1B






'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N

'!T.V9O;G0M



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$E.W=H:71E+7-P



#LF(S$V
#L\+W`^/]T
M9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C0T9&


M;BUB;W1T;VTZ




3!P=#MF;VYT+69A;6EL






38P
M.R8C


#`P

T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O

'!T.SMT97AT

'!T




#`P



T0C
M0T9&




'!T.VUA
F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US

T1B;W1T


M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V


T0G=VED=&@Z






M
T0C0T9&

'0M

M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z









#LF(S$V





2P@


'!T.VUA






M86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXY-3





38P.R8C


M;W1T;VTZ



M:61T:#HQ)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3ID;W5B;&4@


'!T.SMF;VYT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M


















M;G0Z







#`P
#`P.W=H:71E

T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HP

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N










M;BUB;W1T;VTZ






'!T.SMF;VYT+7-I





#LF
M(S$V




'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP





Q

#LF(S$V
#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT

M



M9VEN+6QE9G0Z



M




M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V




'!T.SMT

M9VX]


M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP
3I!<FEA;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[


T0G=VED=&@Z-#DE.R!B;W)D


38P.S
Q+`R,#$R/]P/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

M/3-$=VED=&@Z



'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I


Q-C`[)B

M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

M/3-$=VED=&@Z



M86QI9VX]


M=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]


M9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXD/]P/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

3`E




T1B;W1T;VT@




T1B;W1T




T1B;W1T;VT@

M;&4]

M+6QE9G0Z

'!T.V9O




M;W(]
T0C0T9&


T0G

M

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M


M)B
Q-C`[)B

M;W(]
T0C0T9&



3!P=#MF;VYT+69A

M/B8C



3!P=#MF;VYT+69A;6EL

M

T1B;W1T


T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O

3)P=#L[=&5X


M;W`Z











M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP


M(S$V
#LF(S$V


M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\+W`^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HQ)3L^


M86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V










38P.R8C




M;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[=&5X=UT

38P.R8C
M


'!T.SMF








M)SXF(S$V


M;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]



M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V

M;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HQ



T0G;6%R9VEN

'!T.SMT

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R


Q-C`[






T1B;W1T;VT@



M)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V


T0G=VED=&@Z


XW-7!T(
P
#`P




M


M:60@
XW-7!T(
P
#`P

M8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&



M;W`Z

M9VX]



M86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V


T0G=VED=&@Z
M

XW-7!T(
P
#`P








XW-7!T(
P
#`P



M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\+W`^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]




#LF(S$V
#L\+W`^

@

T0G=VED=&@Z



M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]






'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT














M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z

M



Q-C`[)B



M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z

M





3!P=#MF





3!P=#MF;VYT+69A

M/B8C

T1B

T0G=VED=&@Z-#DE.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.G-O;&ED

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R



#LS
2P@
C`Q



3!P=#MF;VYT+69A

M/B8C
38P.R8C


M
#`P


#`P
M


M;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXV.#`L-S4S/]P


M




'!T


M(S`P
#`P





'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT



#`P

M=#MM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F




M

38P
M.R8C



'!T.SMF




38P.R8C



3!P=#MF;VYT

M;#LG/B8C




M;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z






M
T0G=VED=&@Z



M9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z







M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z



M1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C0Y)3L^

M=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ
G!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&





T1B;W1T;VT@

#`P



'!T

T1B

M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&
$9#


T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O


Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[

#`P



#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT


T0G
M=VED=&@Z

M;G0Z

3!P=#MF;VYT




















T1B;W1T;VT@8F=C



T1B;W1T;VT@8F=C;VQO


T1B;W1T;VT@8F=C



T1B;W1T;VT@8F=C;VQO

T0G

M

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M


M)B


M=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ
G!T.SMT97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#HM




M/3-$=VED=&@Z



'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I


Q-C`[)B






T1B





#LF
M(S$V


M9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HQ




M






M




T1B;W1T





#L\+W`^



M9VX]


M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP


M(S$V





'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT





M87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ
G!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM


'!T


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&






M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S



M)SXI)B

T0G;6%R

'!T

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY


Q
M-C`[)B

#`P




#L\

M1D

T0G=VED=&@Z
3`E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.G-O;&ED(#`N







T0G=VED=&@Z

M:60@

M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&


M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&


M=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&














M;BUB;W1T;VTZ





M;BUB;W1T;VTZ








#L\+W`^

@

T0G=VED=&@Z



M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-
6QE/3-$)VUA<F=I;BUB;W1T;VTZ

M;W`Z

G!T.SMF




M)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P


M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\+W`^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z
24[

XW-7!T(
P
#`P


M;BUB;W1T;VTZ




M:#HQ

P
#`P

M;W5B;&4@



M86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V



M
T0G=VED=&@Z

XW-7!T(
P
#`P
#`[







M
T0G=VED=&@Z
3`E.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P.G-O;&ED(#`N-S5P=`C,#`P,#`P
M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.F1O=6)L92`R+C5P=`C
#`P

'!T.VUA


M86QI9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z










Q-C`[)B

T0G

M

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M


M)B
Q-C`[)B

M
#`P




#`P



'!T

BXU


M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V

M;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\
M+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z
M



'!T.VUA
F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US


M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z


M


M+#$V


M;F1E;G0Z
4[9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97

M93HQ








M(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P

38P.S
Q+`R,#$T+!I


M#0H\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$


38P


'!T.SMF;VYT



Q-C`[)B

P
#`P

'!T.SMF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD








#LF(S$V

M9RU4;W`Z










M:6XM;&5F=#HQ
G!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM


M;W1T;VTZ



M;BUB;W1T;VTZ








PW-3,@/]P/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

24[=VAI=&4M

M

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E


38P.R8C

M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S

M;G0Z




38P.R8C
38P.SPO


M;F1E;G0Z

3!P=#MF



M
T1W:61T:#HQ

M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP




'!T

M93HQ







38P
M.R8C


'!T

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H





M;BUT;W`Z




'!T.SMF

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN


38P.R8C



3!P=#MF


38P.R8C



3!P
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[=&5X=UT

38P.SPO


M;VTZ


M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HQ)3MW:&ET

T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HP

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N

'!T.V9O;G0M


Q-C`[)B





M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

24[










'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N

'!T.V9O;G0M




M;&4]

M

M9G0Z





Q-C`[)B

M=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

24[/@T*/'`@


M9VEN+6QE9G0Z






'0M86QI9VXZ<FEG:'0[;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HP<'0[;6%R



'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H




#LF
M(S$V
#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M;VTZ


M:6YD96YT.BTQ


M;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[=&5X=UT








T1B;W1T

T0G=VED=&@Z
3`E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.G-O;&ED(#`N









M(S$V




#LF(S$V
#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT


M)SXF(S$V





M;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXI)B,Q-C`[/]P
M/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O


MCQT9!V86QI9VX]


M9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

P
#`P








XW-7!T(
P
#`P



M9G0Z








M86QI9VX]



M86QI9VX]


'!T

T1B;W1T;VT@

#`P



M

T1B


M;BUB;W1T;VTZ



3!P=#LG/B9N


]



'!T.V9O;G0M




@9'5R:6YG('1H
M92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
30@:7


T0G;6%R9VEN


#L\+W`^#0H\9&EV/@T*/'1A8FQE

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$



T1B;W1T;VT@


6QE.FYO<FUA;#MT97AT



'!T.SMF;VYT



Q-C`[)B

P
#`P

'!T.SMF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD


'!T




M;&4]

M+6QE9G0Z



B!V
M86QI9VX]




M
#`P


6QE.FYO<FUA;#MT97AT+71R




'!T.VUA



T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN


B!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]


#`P

M



M/D-O;G1R86-T=6%L)B





Q-C`[

M87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V

'!T



M+6QE9G0Z


M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HQ)3L^#0H\

3I!<FEA;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US


T0G=VED

M='EL93TS1=M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G
M:6XM;&5F=#HQ,G!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM,3)P=#L[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


38P.S
Q+`R
M,#$R/]P/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M0T9&


T0G;6%R9VEN

'!T.SMT

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R


Q-C`[
M)B

T0C
M0T9&



M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\+W`^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\
M+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXD/]P/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

M/3-$=VED=&@Z



M9VX]



M86QI9VX]


M=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]









M8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

24[/@T*


M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z

M



Q-C`[)B

M8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

3`E.SX-


M






3!P



M86QI9VX]


M

M9G0Z

M



T1W:61T:#HQ


M87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V

T0G=&5X





M



6QE
M/3-$=VED=&@Z



'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I



'0M86QI9VXZ<FEG:'0[;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HP<'0[;6%R



'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$E.W=H:71E+7-P86-E.FYO



#LF(S$V
#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT


@


3`E

'!T.SMF;VYT+7-I









38P


'!T.SMF;VYT






M;&4]
T1W:61T:#HQ


24[/@T*/'`@


M9VEN+6QE9G0Z

'!T



Q-C`[/]P/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1=W:61T



M=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SY&;W)F96ET960\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]



M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&




T1B

#`P


M;BUT;W`Z


M;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXI)B,Q-C`[/]P
M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&
$9#


M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&









M/B8C
38P.R8C





T0G=VED=&@Z





3!P








M














T0G=VED=&@Z





3!P








M










M9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z-#DE.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M



#LS
2P@
C`Q






T1B

T0G=VED=&@Z

XW
M-7!T(
P
#`P


M;W`Z


P
#`P

M:61T:#HQ)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3ID;W5B;&4@





#LF
M(S$V


#`P
#`P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.F1O=6)L

M;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z
3`E.R!B
M;W)D97(M=&]P.G-O;&ED(#`N-S5P=`C,#`P,#`P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M
M.F1O=6)L92`R+C5P=`C
#`P



'!T.VUA
F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US

T1B;W1T;VT@

T0G=VED=&@Z


M

M9G0Z





Q-C`[)B

T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HP

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N





M;3ID;W5B;&4@

M+6QE9G0Z

'!T.V9O







'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I



M

M9G0Z





M.C$P)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3ID;W5B;&4@




'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT



T0G

M




M)B



M

M;'DZ5&EM97

M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

3`E






T1B;W1T




T1B;W1T;VT@

M;&4]


M9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXW+C$P/]P/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

M


3!P
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[=&5X=UT

38P.R8C
M






M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP


M(S$V


T1W:61T:#HQ

T0C
M0T9&


T0G;6%R9VEN

'!T.SMT

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R


Q-C`[

M;BUB;W1T;VTZ




M=')A;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]




T0G=VED=&@Z
M


M;'DZ5&EM97

#`P




#L\

#`P


'!T




'!T.VUA



T0G=VED=&@Z




@3F5W

#`P



#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT

#`P



M

T1B

T0G=VED=&@Z

M




M=&]P.C%P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C%P=#MM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MB;W)D









'0M86QI


'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.W!A9&1I







38P
M.S
Q+`R,#$T/]P/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C0T9&









P
#`P



M

MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

M;W(]
T0C0T9&









P
#`P



M

MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

M;W(]
T0C0T9&


M;3ID;W5B;&4@

#`P


'!T.SMF;VYT+69A;6EL

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N



M='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#HQ,4[(&)O


M

M
CLF(S$V
#LF(S$V


T0G=VED=&@Z







'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.FYO


Q-C`[)B






M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS

M;W1T;VTZ




P
#`P


M;W`Z

M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


'!T






\+W1D/@T*








'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT


Q-C`[/]P/@T*/&1I=CX-CQT
M86)L92!B;W)D97(]


M;W1T;VTZ




24[







B!V86QI9VX]




#`P




M;BUB;W1T;VTZ


6QE/3-$=VED=&@Z
M







B!V86QI9VX]




#`P






M;F1E;G0Z





Q-C`[
2P@

M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL

M




38P.R8C

M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S

M;G0Z

3!P=#MF;VYT



M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL






M;W(]
T0C0T9&



'!T.SMF;VYT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M


38P.R8C

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I

'!T.SMF




38P.R8C

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS

'!T

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H



T1W:61T:#HQ
M



6QE





'!T.V9O



M

















M;BUB;W1T;VTZ




'!T.VUA



'!T.SMF

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN


M/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&


M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ
G!T.SMT97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#HM


M
T0C0T9&


M
T0C0T9&


M;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

#`P






M
T0C0T9&



'!T

T1B


M;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V


T0G=VED=&@Z
24[(&)O





T1B;W1T;VT@

M


M=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXU+C@U/]P/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&


M







T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O


Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[

#`P
#`P.R!B;W)D97(M










X




M

T0G=VED=&@Z





#LF
M(S$V








T1M:61D

T0G=VED=&@Z






T0G;6%R9VEN










3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
M

]


M970@26YC;VUE($%T=')I8G5T86)L92!T;R!#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VMH;VQD97)S

M;&4]



M

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY


Q
M-C`[/]P/@T*/&1I=CX-CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]

M/3-$

'!T.VUA




M;&4]

M+6QE9G0Z



3`@



S@N.#@E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.G-O;&ED(#%P





T0G

M



#LF
M(S$V


M:#HQ


'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N







T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN


B!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]


7!T(,P,#`P,#`[)SX-CQP('-T

'!T.VUA




3



M/B8C

M1'=I9'1H.C$N

M



Q-C`[)B

#`P



M87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXR


M
#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

M





'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.FYO


M1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$Q+C`T

M;VTZ


T0C0T9&
M



'!T.SMF;VYT+69A;6EL

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N




T1W:61T:#HQ+C$V)3L^


M86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V


T1W:61T:#HQ




'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N

'!T.V9O;G0M



@




M9VEN+6QE9G0Z





M;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$N


3!P=#MF;VYT

M;#LG/B8C
38P.R8C

M;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$N






T1W:61T:#HQ




M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I
M9'1H.C$N

M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP





M;W`Z










2PR.#8L


'!T

T1B





M
#LF(S$V


M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HQ




XW-4[=VAI

M;G0Z

3!P=#MF;VYT






T1B





M



M=&@Z




M(S$V
#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&




'!T.VUA


M




M($




'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I


Q-C`[)B

#`P



M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&
$9#('-T

M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP


M.#(L-C4T+#8X







M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z



M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S


#`P



'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP

M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S

XW-7!T
M(
P
#`P




T0G=VED=&@Z



'!T.VUA




T0G=VED=&@Z


XW-7!T(
P
#`P




T0G=VED=&@Z
3`E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M

M5&EM97


M;F1E;G0Z



M

;W-S



M9VEN+6QE9G0Z




#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3ID;W5B;&4@

#`P

T0G;6%R9VEN

'!T.SMT

M



XW-7!T(
P
#`P











'!T.SMF;VYT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M





M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z

XW-7!T(
P
M
#`P


'!T

T1B;W1T;VT@

T0G=VED=&@Z
3`E.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P.G-O;&ED(#`N-S5P=`C
M,#`P,#`P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.F1O=6)L92`R+C5P=`C
#`P


M



M;F1E;G0Z

3!P=#MF





T1B

T0G=VED=&@Z

M
XW-7!T(
P
#`P


M;BUT;W`Z

M

T0G=VED=&@Z
3`E.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P.G-O;&ED
M(#`N-S5P=`C,#`P,#`P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.F1O=6)L92`R+C5P=`C
M
#`P

M;BUB;W1T;VTZ




M)W=I9'1H.C$N






M;F1E;G0Z
4[9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97

M93HQ

T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@06YT:61I
M;'5T:79E(%-E8W5R:71I97

M:7

M;&4]


#L\+W`^#0H\

T0P(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$



M9VX]

T1W:61T:#HV

T0G

M



T1W







#`P






'!T.VUA


3I!<FEA;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M

'!T.VUA










'!T











Q-C`[)B

P
#`P





T1W:61T:#HQ


M;BUB;W1T;VTZ





M=&@Z

7!T(,P,#`P,#`[)SX-CQP

'!T







M/B8C

T1B

M93HQ




M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

M=&@Z





'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.FYO


Q-C`[)B
6QE/3-$)VUA








6QE












'!T.VUA
F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US


'!T

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS

M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP


M(S$V
#LF(S$V





M)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V




M86P[)SXF(S$V


T1W:61T:#HQ



M86QI9VX]


M8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ
G!T.SMT
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM





T0G;6%R

'!T

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY


Q
M-C`[)B






'!T

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H


38P.R8C



3!P


38P.R8C



M

38P


M;W1T;VTZ



M=')A;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF
M(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T1W



#LF(S$V




T1B;W1T;VT@

T1W:61T:#HQ

M:6=H=#MM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM

M86P[)SXQ+#`Y-PV,3@\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@


M;&4]

M+6QE9G0Z





Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[/]P/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#HV






M;W`Z


M8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&




2PQ


T0G=VED
M=&@Z


T0C
M0T9&


T0C
M0T9&


M;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M
#`P

M;BUB;W1T;VTZ







T1B


M;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V


T0G=VED=&@Z
24[(&)O

XW-7!T(
P
#`P




M;#LG/B8C



XW-7!T(
P
#`P

M=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&


'!T.VUA







'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.FYO



T0G;6%R

'!T

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY


Q
M-C`[)B

#`P
#`P




T1B;W1T;VT@

T0G=VED=&@Z
3`E.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P.G-O;&ED(#`N-S5P=`C
M,#`P,#`P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.F1O=6)L92`R+C5P=`C
#`P


M


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3ID;W5B;&4@




#LF(S$V
#L\+W`^



M

T0G=VED=&@Z

M
XW-7!T(
P
#`P


M;BUT;W`Z


P
#`P






M
38P.R8C


'!T.VUA







M

T0G=VED=&@Z




M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z





Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[/]P/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/]T


;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]A9F%E8V-E9%\Y8S5A7S0Q
F-?.68X-%\Q.#!A
M9&




]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO

M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

@*%1A8FQE


]
M

M97

@;V8@4F5T86EL/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



M;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V

M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP)3MF;VYT+7=E:6=H

'!T.V9O;G0M


X
M
C$Q.R!4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('1A8FQE('-E='
@9F]R=&@@;F5T('-A;&5S

T0G


M;&4]




'!T.SMF;VYT+7-I





#LF
M(S$V

P
#`P

M

T1B;W1T




#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT



M;#LG/B8C
38P.R8C

T0R('9A


#`P
M




M.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V



38P.R8C
38P

T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S


#`P





M



38P.R8C

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M86P[)SXR

#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CPO
M='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&
M
3I!
M<FEA;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[=&5X

M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&


M;&4]

M+6QE9G0Z

'!T.V9O



Q-C`[)B

'!T


M86QI9VX]

M;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\
M+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V
M,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M=')A;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXD/]P/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&
$9#('-T



M9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]


M;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXD/]P/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

M=&@Z






M;W`Z



7!T



M86P[)SXF(S$V

M
#`P






'!T.VUA
F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US

M




M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP


M
RPT





M
38P.R8C



'!T




38P.R8C


#`P

M

M9G0Z






M
#`P


M=')A;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXY+#4S-PR


T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O

'!T.SMT97AT

'!T


Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[/]P/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#HV


M;&5F=#HQ
G!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM

M;W)M86P[)SY.970@4V%L97


T0G=VED=&@Z



M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V


T0G=VED=&@Z


XW-7!T(
P
#`P





M;W(]
T0C0T9&











M;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V
M,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

M;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V
M,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


P
#`P
M

'!T.SMF;VYT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M



T0G=VED=&@Z
3`E.R!B
M;W)D97(M=&]P.G-O;&ED(#`N-S5P=`C,#`P,#`P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M
M.F1O=6)L92`R+C5P=`C
#`P



'!T.VUA
F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US


T0G=VED=&@Z
24[(&)O




'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I


Q-C`[)B




'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I


Q-C`[)B

#`P
M



M8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&


M=#MM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F

M)SXT
RPU


'!T.SMF;VYT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M


38P.R8C

M92!B;W)D97(]






'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.FYO







M86QI9VX]

M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$



T1T





BD\

M;W1T;VTZ




'!T


@=&AA;B`Q)2!O9B!N970@










M='


]



T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@56YA=61I=&5D(%%U



C`Q
RP@86YD(#(P









M;VQL87!S93IC;VQL87!S93L@=VED=&@Z
3`P)3LG/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A

3I!<FEA;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M

'!T.VUA










'!T





6QE/3-$
M=VED=&@Z






M9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!C

B!V86QI9VX]




#`P




M;BUB;W1T;VTZ


6QE/3-$=VED=&@Z
M






M/3-$
B!V86QI9VX]





#`P


6QE.FYO<FUA;#MT







T0R('9A


#`P
M




#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CPO
M='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&
M
3I!
M<FEA;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[=&5X

T0C0T9&
M


T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O

'!T.SMT97AT

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L


Q-C`[)B
Q

T0C0T9&
M




M;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[=&5X=UT

38P.SPO


M;F1E;G0Z





M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S

M;G0Z





M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL

M





M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS



#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT


T1W





T1W:61T





T1W:61T:#HQ


M87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V


T1W:61T:#HQ

M8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

24[/@T*


M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z

M




M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&


M;&4]

M+6QE9G0Z

'!T.V9O














'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY




24[/@T*/'`@


M9VEN+6QE9G0Z







M+6QE9G0Z





3DL



M;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V

M=')A;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HQ


M87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V

T0G=&5X



#


M






'!T.VUA



'!T.SMF

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN




24[/@T*/'`@


M9VEN+6QE9G0Z

'!T





3`E.SX-







3!P=#MF



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS

'!T




38P.R8C

M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL

M

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS






T1B;W1T;VT@8F=C;VQO


M


'!T

M

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E


R.PT,C`\+W`^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]











'!T.SMF;VYT+69A;6EL

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N


S.PT,3D\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]
M

M


'!T





M
PU-3$\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]


M/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C0Y)3L^

M=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ
G!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM




3!P=#MF;VYT+69A;6EL

M
38P.R8C


M

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E




'!T.VUA


MCQT9!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HQ)3MW:&ET92US



'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I





3!P=#MF




M;G0Z

3!P=#MF;VYT



M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$P)3L^#0H\

'!T


M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HQ)3MW:&ET

T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HP

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N

'!T.V9O;G0M





3!P




M;F1E;G0Z

3!P=#MF



M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$P)3L^

M



T1W:61T:#HQ)3MW

T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN

'!T.V9O



M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$E.SX-


M






3!P
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[=&5X=UT

38P.SPO


M;VTZ


M


3!P
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[=&5X=UT

#L\
M+W`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&
3I!<FEA;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL













'!T.SMF;VYT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M



T1W:61T

T0G;6%R9VEN

'!T.SMT

M


38P




M;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[=&5X=UT

38P.SPO


M;F1E;G0Z

3!P=#MF



M+W1D/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S







'!T.VUA




M9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]





M=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

24[/@T*/'`@


M9VEN+6QE9G0Z

'!T




M8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&







M;W1T;VTZ









M;&4]







M;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXH,XU

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$E.W=H:71E+7-P86-E




M/3-$=VED=&@Z



'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I



'0M86QI9VXZ<FEG:'0[;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HP<'0[;6%R



'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT







'!T.VUA



'!T.SMF

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN



M;W`Z

M9VX]


M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP


M(S$V


M9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HQ





M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL

M=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ
G!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#HM




T1W:61T:#HQ)3L^#0H\


M.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V


T1W:61T:#HQ)3L^


M86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V


T1W:61T:#HQ





M
T0C0T9&


T0G;6%R

'!T

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY


Q

T0C0T9&
M


T1B;W1T;VT@


M;BUT;W`Z


M;W`Z

M;F1E;G0Z

3!P=#MF







T1B;W1T;VT@8F=C



T1B;W1T;VT@8F=C;VQO




T0G=&5X



M='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$E.W=H:71E











M;VTZ




'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C0Y

M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ
G!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
3)P=#L[9F]N



T1W:61T



#LF(S$V
#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT


T1W





T1W:61T
M:#HQ




RPX.#4L
M


'!T


M


'!T

M

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E



M;&4]

M

M9G0Z





Q-C`[)B

M8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&


M

M9G0Z













38L-CDX+#DP

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H




#LF
M(S$V






M

M1D8P1D





#L\

M1D

T1W:61T:#HQ

M;CIR:6=H=#MM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G

M;W)M86P[)SXQ-RPW
C`L

'!T



'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M


M=&EO;G


M9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!V86QI9VX]



M;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V











M;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HQ)3L^#0H\


M.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V











M;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HQ)3L^


M86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V






'!T

T1B





#L\



M

T1W:61T:#HQ


M86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXH
2PX-#4L
3


M

'!T


M.BTQ




M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&
$9#('-T


T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HP

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M


Q-C`[)B

M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&
$9#('-T



M9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXI)B,Q-C`[/]P/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

M=&@Z





'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.FYO



M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

3`E




M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&


M;&4]

M+6QE9G0Z

'!T.V9O




M;W(]
T0C0T9&


M=')A;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXI)B,Q-C`[
M/]P/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&
M


T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O

'!T.SMT97AT

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L



M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&
$9#('-T



M9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXI)B,Q-C`[/]P/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R
M/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C0Y

M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ
G!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM
3)P=#L[9F]N





M;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[=&5X=UT

38P.R8C
M


'!T.SMF

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN





M;W`Z

M86QI9VX]







'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.FYO





3!P=#MF;VYT+69A

M/B8C


'!T

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H





M;BUT;W`Z

CD\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT






'!T



'!T

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H







M


M

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E


3



T0G;6%R

3)P


M;BUT;W`Z

'!T.VUA



M




'!T.VUA
F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US

T1B;W1T




T1B;W1T;VT@




T1B;W1T;VT@8F=C

M


M=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXH,XW

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$E





M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&
$9#('-T


T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HP

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N

'!T.V9O;G0M




M




M*#`N.#












M1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$E.SX-


M











'!T.VUA


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

M=&@Z


M

M
#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M






'!T



'!T

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H



M;BUT;W`Z

M86QI9VX]




M)SXF(S$V


M;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HQ





M=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXI)B,Q-C`[/]P/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L


T0G

M

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M


M)B



M9VX]













3!P=#MF;VYT+69A;6EL

M


'!T.SMF

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN





M;W`Z




'!T.SMF;VYT+69A

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[


#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&


M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

M/3-$=VED=&@Z



'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M=V5I


Q-C`[)B






M

M1D8P1D





#L\
M+W`^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T



'!T.SMF;VYT+7-I




38P.R8C





M/B8C









M;&4]







T1B;W1T;VT@

T1W:61T:#HQ

M:6=H=#MM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM

M86P[)SXQ
PU,S8L-S(V/]P/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M






38P.R8C




M;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[=&5X=UT

38P.SPO


'!T.SMF;VYT+69A

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[






'!T

M










Q-C`[)B

M=VED=&@Z





'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT







'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.FYO


3(L

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$E.W=H:71E+7-P86-E



#LF(S$V
#L\+W`^/]T9#X-
MCPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M0T9&
3I!<FEA;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[

M=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

24[/@T*/'`@


M9VEN+6QE9G0Z

'!T



Q-C`[)B

M=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&





M;W(]
T0C0T9&


T0G

M

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M


M)B

T0C
M0T9&


M;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXI)B,Q-C`[/]P/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&
$9#('-T


T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HP

'!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N

'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M



M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

M=VED=&@Z



M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

24[




M93HQ




M=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&






M:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ
G!T
M.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM




'!T




38P.R8C














M;VTZ



'!T





T1B




M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z









M;#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[=&5X=UT

38P.SPO


'!T.SMF;VYT+69A

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[






'!T

M















38P


'!T.SMF;VYT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M






M

M9VX]














'!T.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O


@871T

\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT


T1W



#LF(S$V


M



#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT


T1W
M:61T:#HQ




M-#(L


M

M



T1B



T1B;W1T




M;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXH-BPQ-3$L-C$X/]P/CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

M/3-$=VED=&@Z




M/BDF(S$V



M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP


M(S$V






M

M1D8P1D

T1W:61T:#HQ

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM

M.B!N;W)M86P[)SXH.PP,C`L-3,R/]P/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

24[=VAI

M;G0Z

3!P=#MF;VYT




M;&4]





M



#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT


T1W
M:61T:#HQ






M



'!T.VUA


M






M86QI9VX]



M)SXF(S$V








Q



T0G

M




M)B


'!T

M93HQ




M;W`Z







M


M;W1T;VTZ




T1W:61T:#HQ


M87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V



T1W:61T
M:#HQ





M;G-F;W)M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXI)B,Q-C`[/]P
M/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O

M=#HQ
G!T.SMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM



M;&4]



#LF(S$V
#L\+W`^

@







M;&4]
T1W:61T:#HQ

M=#MM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F

M)SXH



M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&

24[




M93HQ




M=&]M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T9&



M;BUB;W1T;VTZ




M;W1T;VTZ








M;BUT;W`Z

M86QI9VX]


M=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT9!V86QI
M9VX]



M




M/@T*/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-&1C!&0R!S='EL


M)SXI)B

N
S
E


M.FYO;F4[9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[)SXH,2D\+W`^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!V86QI9VX]


M;&4]


U85\T
3)C7SEF
M.#1?
3@P861C-SEF-C@Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+V%F865C8V5D7SEC-6%?-#$R8U\Y9C@T7S$X

M971S+U-H965T

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$522T)'/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*


M



M86P@26YF;W)M871I;VX@*$1E=&%I;'


S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\











]




]




M
BPP







M






]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^






]
M

]








]

]


]



]








]










]
M


M9VX]










\




M/D)U:6QD:6YG(&%N9!);7!R;W9E;65N=',@?!-87AI;75M/]T9#X-B`@











M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@

M7SEC-6%?-#$R8U\Y9C@T7S$X







]

T1)1#!%-DE!0SX-

M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q-#QB

#$S


]





R


M-#
Q+#0R

]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L


]
M


]


]




T1T;W`^4F5S

M/3-$;G5M/B@W
2PT.3

3@T+#

]
T1R974^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-2PU
3(L
M


M9F%E8V-E9%\Y8S5A7S0Q
F-?.68X-%\Q.#!A9&

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4




M;F0@17%U:7!M96YT+!.970@*$1E=&%I;',I(A54T0@)D\8G(^/]S=')O

2P@
C`Q

M
#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$


]
M

BPQ-C0L-3




#









]


]
T1N=6UP/C
U+#8T.2PT
C






]



T1T;W`^4')O




T1T;W`^0G5I



]


]








]







]
M

]



]


]


]
M

]




L
M





]

30L



U85\T
M
3)C7SEF.#1?

O4VAE970T





T0Q/C$@
M36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@8V]L

R!-;VYT:'

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M1&5C+B`S
2P@


C`Q



]


]


]


]

]
M




]



M97!R96-I871I;VX@86YD(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



]


]


]


























T1T
M;W`^4F5D=6-T:6]N(&EN(')E9G)I9V5R871I;VX@97%U:7!M96YT/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#@P
PP,#`I/'-P86X^/]S
























]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]










U-BPW




M/5].97AT4&%R=%]A9F%E8V-E9%\Y8S5A7S0Q
F-?.68X-%\Q.#!A9&
W.68V



M;W)T(&ED/3-$240P14I%04
2!O9B!);F-O;64@5&%X97
@*$1E=&%I;'
I


]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#






]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1R


2PU







]

M=&4@*$1E=&%I;'

]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#

M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]



]
2!R871E/]T9#X-





]





]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4&5R;6%N96YT(&ET
M96US/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q.XT


M;3XH





T1T;W`^5F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC93PO=&0^

]
T1N=6T^*#




]
T1N=6T^*#`N

U85\T
3)C7SEF
M.#1?
3@P861C-SEF-C@Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+V%F865C8V5D7SEC-6%?-#$R8U\Y9C@T7S$X

M971S+U-H965T-#

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$5!3T%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*


M


2P@


#$S/&)R

]
T1R93X-










2PW-#(L
3@V

M
2PP


]
M

]

M







2PX
#@L



M-#$R8U\Y9C@T7S$X





]

T1)1#!%3E1!1SX-B`@(`@

T0R/C$R($UO;G1H


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]






30T/'-P





]


]

]





]
T1T

]
T1T

]

]






]


]
T1T97AT/C(P

]
T1R


]


T1T;W`^3F5T(&]P97)A=&EN9R!L;W-S(&-A



]


T1T;W`^1F5D97)A;#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT














]



]


]

]
T1P




]





]
M

:6%B:6QI=&EE

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@-C$L-S
R+#4U
M


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#0L



]

]



]

]

M/3-$;G5M/B0@*#0T+#(P
2PX


M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]A9F%E8V-E9%\Y8S5A7S0Q
F-?.68X-%\Q.#!A
M9&




^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@


]

]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PQ
S$L.#@P







]



M


]
T1N=6UP/C$R-RPP








#`P/'-P86X^


]


U85\T
3)C7SEF.#1?
3@P
M861C-SEF-C@Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V%F865C
M8V5D7SEC-6%?-#$R8U\Y9C@T7S$X


M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@


]


M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]





]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

3
L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R
RP@

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\


]
M

]
M

]
M

]



]
T1N=6UP/C(L.3(V+#
U-3QS

]
M

]
M

]

]


]




]


]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^3F]T97


]


]


T1T;W`^4&%Y;65N='










]
T1N=6UP/CDQ-BPS




]



T1T;W`^)#0P+#`P

]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]


]
M


]


]
T1N=6UP/C0P+#`P

]

#`@0V]N=F5R=&EB



]


]


]


]


BPP
#`L









]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(L
#`P
M+#`P

]



]

]
T1T














]


]


]





]


]


]


T1T;W`^)#$L-3`P+#`P
`Q,4@3F]T93PO=&0^#0H@









]


]


]

]
T1P

2PU
#`L
#`P/'-P86X^








]


]


]


]








]
T1T97AT/DEN(&-O;FYE8W1I;VX@=VET


@:7-S=65D




]
T1T

]
T1T


M
T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!S:&%R97,@:7-S=65D/]T9#X-B`@(`@







]




]


]


T1T;W`^4&%Y;65N='



]


]


]

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^)#$L-3`P+#`P,`Q



]


]


]





3$P







#`P+#`P

]

M96YT(%M


#`L


M-RPP
#`L










]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]









]


]


]



]


]
T1N=6UP/C
L
#`P+#`P


]


]











]


]
T1N=6UP/C(T+#`P








C0L
#`P+#`P


]


]


T1T;W`^)#(W+#`P
PP,#`@4F5V;VQV:6YG($YO
M=&4@4&%Y86)L92!\($Q)0D]2(%)A=&4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]


]


]

M86QI9VX]



]


]


]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^)#(W+#`P,PP
#`@


]


]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C8N
#`E/'-P






























#`@0W)E9&ET($9A8VEL:71I97
\+W1D

]


]


]


]








]
T1N=6UP/C0P+#`P


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$P+#`P




]




M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XS('EE87)S/'-P





]


]
T1N=6UP/C$P+#`P

]

24)/4B!2871E('P@)#0P+#`P

]


]


]












]


]



#`P+#`P

]


]


]












]


]



#`P+#`P

]


]


]












]


]










RXW





]


]


]



]












]
T1T97AT

]

#`L



]


]


]




]


]
T1N=6UP/C
N-S4E





]

M96YT(%M




]
T1N


]


@=&AE(&=R96%T97(@;V8@

M;F0@=&AE($9E9&5R86P@1G5N9'


@=V5R92!P87EA8FQE(&UO
M;G1H;'DL($Q)0D]2(%)A=&4@;&]A;G
@=V5R92!P87EA8FQE(&%T('1H92!E


BPU
#`L
#`P

M-C`L
#`P+#`P


]


]


]

]





]


]





]


]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^)#8R
M+#4P,PP
#`@4F5V;VQV:6YG($YO=&4@4&%Y86)L92!\($Q)0D]2(%)A=&4\

]


]


]



]




]
M

]
M


M9VX]
T1T;W`^)#8R+#4P








]


]


]










M
#`@0W)E9&ET($9A8VEL:71I97

]
M

]
M

]
M

]









]


]








]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^061D:71I;VYA;!497)M($QO86X@









]
M

]
M

]
M

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^0W)E9&ET(&9A8VEL:71Y+!F86-E(&%M;W5N=#PO=&0^#0H@




]




M:6X@8W)E9&ET(&9A8VEL:71Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$





P+#`P


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]A9F%E8V-E9%\Y
M8S5A7S0Q
F-?.68X-%\Q.#!A9&




M:78]

]
M




]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@


@;VX@;&]N9RUT97)M(&1E


T1T;W`^

2PU
#`L





]
T1N=6T^*#@X
M+#`P






M+#`P

]



C0L
#`P+#`P


]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@

]
M

]


]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C(L-3`P+#`P


]


]

]
M


M
T1T;W`^)#$L-3`P+#`P








M
PP,#`L,#`P($-R961I=!&86-I;&ET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D



#`@0W)E9&ET($9A8VEL:71I97




BPP
#`L



M

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]
T1N=6UP/C(L
#`P
M+#`P

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^4F5P87EM96YT(&]F(0R+#`P

M(@R+#`P,PP

M97AT4&%R=%]A9F%E8V-E9%\Y8S5A7S0Q
F-?.68X-%\Q.#!A9&
W.68V.#D-






2P@


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^)#(W+#`P,PP
#`@4F5V




T1T;W`^1&5B

#`L



]








]








3`N

#`P+#`P

]



]



]
T1N=6UP/C0P+#`P

]
M









;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]A9F%E8V-E9%\Y8S5A7S0Q
F-?.68X-%\Q.#!A9&
W



]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

M;VYG/D]P97)A=&EN9R!
96%S97
@1G5T=7)E($UI;FEM=6T@4&%Y;65N='
@

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^



#$V/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$



#$W/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

3


M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO869A96-C961?.6
U85\T
3)C7SEF.#1?
3@P861C-SEF

O4VAE970U
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7


^#0H@

M26YF;W)M871I;VX@*$1E=&%I;'


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

M9R!
96%S97
@1G5T=7)E($UI;FEM=6T@4&%Y;65N='


]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^



M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]A9F%E8V-E9%\Y8S5A7S0Q,F-?.68X-%\Q
M.#!A9&,W.68V.#D-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO869A
M96-C961?.6
U85\T
3)C7SEF.#1?

O
M4VAE970U
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS



]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#

M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@



]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K('-H
M87)E('-P;&ET(')A=&EO/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M







]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
M


M9VX]
T1T;W`^25!//]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\




]


]
T1T


M


]
T1R



M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X




]



]









]












]


]


]

]
T1T97AT

]




M:R!397)I97



]












]
T1N=6UP/C$R+#8W
M
BPY




@=&\@


]

]
T1T97AT

]

]
M

]




M:R!397)I97


]

@:7-S=65D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

BPU






BPT






]

M


M.6
U85\T
3)C7SEF.#1?
3@P861C-SEF-C@Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V%F865C8V5D7SEC-6%?-#$R8U\Y9C@T7S$X




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E


$5+4$%%/@T*

M



B!-;VYT:'

3X\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@


2P@

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


M(%M





]
T1F;CX\

]


T1T;W`^4F5D965M86)L92!0



]

]



T1T;W`^/'-T





@0R!S:&%R

RP@





]



]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0W5M=6QA=&EV92!D:79I9&5N
M9!A8V-R971I;VX@870@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@




]
T1N=6T^*#0L
M
S$U+#







]





U85\T
3)C7SEF.#1?
M
3@P861C-SEF-C@Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V%F
M865C8V5D7SEC-6%?-#$R8U\Y9C@T7S$X


M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE



CX\




]








]
T1R;SX-

]
T1T
M97AT/C(P





]
T1N=6UP/B0@








]

T0Q/C$R

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



]



T1T;W`^3F]T97




#`L
M





]
T1T97AT


T1T











3$L
#8W+#`Y



T1T;W`^)#8R+#4P
M




]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^3F]T97

BPU
#`L

#`L





]

M86QI9VX]

]
M





]








]

]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&5B=!C;VYV97)S

]


]








]

T0S


]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#

M8RX@
S$L(#(P
#8\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@









]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PU-C



]

C0L

]

]



]








C
L-CDP/'-P86X^







\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



]


]


]







]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@


]







M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;B!C;W-T(')E8V]G;FEZ960@9'5R









M:&%R92!87-E9!087EM96YT($%W87)D(%M










]


]


]


]


]


]


]





]


]


]


]
















]









]
T1N=6UP

M1&YU;7`^

]
M


M9VX]



]
M









]


]


]


]

]


]


]






]


]


]


]



]

]










C`Q











]
T1N=6UP/C0U







]


M87EM96YT($%W87)D(%M


]
T1T97AT


]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]



]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]



















#`V

]







M=&]P/D]P=&EO;G













]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XQ

]


]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^,C`Q
M,!3=&]C:R!0;&%N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\








]
T1R






BPQ-#8L















]
T1R:#X-


]


]


]






]


]


]

]
M



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^,C`Q
M-!/;6YI8G5S($EN8V5N=&EV92!0;&%N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L










]

2PT-SDL
C`P/'-P











]










]


]


]



]


]


]


]


]


]


]





]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@
2PP
3$L-C

M/5].97AT4&%R=%]A9F%E8V-E9%\Y8S5A7S0Q
F-?.68X-%\Q.#!A9&
W.68V






]

]


]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#

M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@


\+W1D/@T*

]





]







]


I/'-P


M:&%R97

]
M



BPP
3@L
S
W

M




L($UO9&EF:65D(&9R;VT@4&5R9F]R;6%N8V4@


]
T1N=6UP/C$L


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-BXY


]
T1T97AT

]

]



T1T;W`^5V5I9VAT960@


M=&EO;G


]


]


]



]











M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XU('EE87)S(#D@;6]N




M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D%V97)A9V4@4F5M86EN:6YG($-O;G1R86-T=6%L(%1E








3`L.3$T

]
T1T

]



M87)D(%M







M9VX]





]
T1N=6UP/C8U-RPV.3
\





M;G5M/B@U+#(X

















]



]

]



]



]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@.2XS






]
T1T

]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-RPP-S@L
38S/'-P





]
T1T


M



]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


]
T1N=6UP/C@W
RPU





]











]
T1N=6UP/C@W-BPY



M


]






]
M

]



]

]
M





M



]






M($5X97)C:7-E(%!R:6-E+!#86YC96QL960\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]

M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]A9F%E8V-E9%\Y8S5A7S0Q
F-?.68X-%\Q.#!A9&
W


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



@*$1E=&%I;'


]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#



:6YE($ET96US73PO









]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@







]
T1N=6UP/C$X.2PR



]



@=&\@4V5R=FEC


]


T1T;W`^3G5M8F5R(&]F($]P=&EO;G


]
T1R


]


]







T/'-P




]




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]
T1R






\

]






]


T1T;W`^3G5M8F5R(&]F($]P=&EO;G
L



]






]
M
T1N=6UP/C8U-RPV.3





M=&EO;G

\




]
T1N=6UP/CDQ












]



T1T;W`^5V5I9VAT960@




]



]


]

@=&\@4V5R=FEC


]

]
M

]





]
M
T1N=6UP/C@W-BPY






]

RD\




]


]
T1R







@=&\@4&5R9F]R;6%N8V4@0F%S960@







M0V%N8V5L;&5D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R
3DL
M
C

]
T1T

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^3G5M8F5R(&]F($]P=&EO;G,L($UO9&EF:65D(&9R;VT@17AI=!%

]
T1N=6T^*#8U-RPV.3


M7S0Q
F-?.68X-%\Q.#!A9&

M



]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#



:6YE($ET96US73PO



2XY


2XR


]



]



M1&YU;7`^
2XP






]


]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C`N






]



M(%M

]
T1T97AT/C

@
3`@;6]N=&AS






]
T1T


M



]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

]


M.6
U85\T
3)C7SEF.#1?
3@P861C-SEF-C@Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V%F865C8V5D7SEC-6%?-#$R8U\Y9C@T7S$X



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E


$4V-4)'/@T*

M





]


]

]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S,P@
C`Q


#$S/&)R

C`Q
M

M

]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#

M8RX@
S$L(#(P



:6YE($ET
















]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

L



]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@




]

]

]

]
M
T1N=6T^)`H-PW
3DL


]

]


]


T1T;W`^3D54($Q/4U

]
T1N
M=6T^*#$P


]





M=7`^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@W+#0X-2PV-#`I





]
T1N
M=6T^*#@L
#(P+#4S

M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@V+#$U
2PV



]
T1N=6T^
M*#
P+#(X





@

]
T1F

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]

]
T1F

]


]


]


]


]







]

@













M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
2PR
M.#8L

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@W+#DU

M97)R960@4V5R:65S($

]
T1F;CX\

]


]

]
T1F;CX\

]


]


]


]


]










]






M1#(P/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$:6YN



@871T

N/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*#0HM

&%D


]
M



SXQ
B!-;VYT:'

M
2P@



]









]
M

@0SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT













M:71I97



]




BPV
M



]

]






2PQ

2PQ


2PQ


M-6%?-#$R8U\Y9C@T7S$X







]


T0S/C$R


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^





]
M









MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]A9F%E8V-E9%\Y8S5A7S0Q
M
F-?.68X-%\Q.#!A9&


T0G



@+2!!
M9&1I=&EO;F%L($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(A$971A:6QS*2`H55-$(0I/&)R/CPO

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3
\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
M

]

M86=E(&]F(&-O;G1I;F=E;G0@9F5E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S






]
















]

M86QI9VX]

M(%M



]


]


]



]



]


]


]


]
T1T


M
T1T;W`^4&%Y;65N='




]
T1N=6UP/C8L




]
T1T97AT


T1T

:6YE($ET


M-2PU-#4L.#







]



M86-T:6]N(%M









]


]


]



F-?
M.68X-%\Q.#!A9&



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M

@+2!!9&1I=&EO;F%L($EN9F]R



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^
M0W5S=&]M97(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C
M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
T1P

]
T1T

]
T1T

]









]
T1N=6UP/C
\














]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C




]

]


]



]












:6YE



]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C







]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]N
M8V5N=')A=&EO;B!R:7-K+!P97)C96YT86=E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


2XP




]

]




]

]
T1T97AT


M96-C961?.6
U85\T
3)C7SEF.#1?
3@P861C-SEF-C@Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V%F865C8V5D7SEC-6%?-#$R8U\Y9C@T7S$X
M




^+RH@1&\@


$5&




]


]

]
M
T1T:#Y397`N(#
P+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S`L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

S`L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S

]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`S

]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#

S$L(#(P

M
2P@


CY$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

T0R/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P


M=&EO;B!2:7-K(%M



















15

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C(L-3$Y+#8W


]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@
3DL


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
38L-CDX+#DP
SQS


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3$L
C(V+#4T


]
T1N=6UP/B0@.2PS.#(L-3





















]

















]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C8U+#(Q




]
T1N=6UP/C


5T\

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]

]
T1P

































]
T1N=6UP/B0@.2PU
S0L



]

3@@=F%L:6=N


24@;V8@;F5T('-A;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^
M#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*#0HM+2TM+2T]





]
T1R97!O




3(@

S$L(#(P






]


M96-C961?.6
U85\T
3)C7SEF.#1?
3@P861C-SEF-C@Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V%F865C8V5D7SEC-6%?-#$R8U\Y9C@T7S$X
M




^+RH@1&\@


$4T





]

]


]



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q

C`Q


C`Q



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P




]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]





X-BPP
M


U






]
T1N=6UP/B0@.#8L-S8T+#$Q
M


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#
L-3$Y+#0V



]

2PS
S@L-#$Y*3QS

]
T1N=6T^*#
L
S(X+#0R


2PX-#4L
3


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S+#(P-2PY

M;3XH



]
T1N=6T^*#0L
M



3(L


T1T;W`^3F5T


L
C0Q*3QS

]
T1N=6T^*#8L
C8V+#@P

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U+#$T
BPR
C


]
T1N=6T^*#8L-#DU+#8T

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U+#(U
RPQ



]
T1N=6T^*#0L


]
T1N=6T^*#0L
M

M/3-$;G5M/B@S-RPS
SDL





M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#$P,PV-#(L.3(R*3QS


]



]

M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#8L


S0R+#`T

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#$S
2PR

S`L



]
M


M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#`N-3,I/'-P86X^/]S


]
T1N=6T^)`H,XX

M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#`N-S$I/'-P

]
T1N


]
T1N=6T^)`H,XV

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#DN-C
I/'-P86X^

]
T1N=6T^

]

]




]
T1N=6T^)`H
M,XW

M;G5M/B0@*#`N.#


]

]
T1N=6T^)`H,XU




]


M



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]A
M9F%E8V-E9%\Y8S5A7S0Q
F-?.68X-%\Q.#!A9&
W.68V.#DO5V]R:W-H965T


M2%)E9CTS1(N+B]7;W)K8F]O:RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T,#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`R+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970P.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3`N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T,3,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$T
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
38N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#$W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q
M.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3DN:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968],T0B4VAE970R,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M,C(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(S+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#(V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R-RYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970S,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S$N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968],T0B4VAE970S,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T,S0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,U+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

M:&5E=#
X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S.2YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970T
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#
N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T-#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0W+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#4P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U
2YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M,T0B4VAE970U-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-34N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T-3@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4Y
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970V
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#8R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970V
M

#$T
3(S
2YX
M;6Q55`D``T(


M@YJ'!`*74M6X!2YL^/^N&YJBMIN*WM359[5_K7:O6^IEK]?O=]K]_U&4:T4)



T4)-6@H29&R^2_XH^@$K8'[V.=R!]M7J954*@RK

3HB@]#C0NI_;BBKZ(*6[8
M'G;)




EK
M8_JG$S8'].G

+R99]&2YJ/[!@DK

B/!YP7XLMXV&/25I(H)4`
MM*IE:ZJ@`+5P*CB'R?M)UL)#G371601$$A*\$1FEC:M&@(N+@6B3P[
^Z
MU0\I9TZ_B02+V*F5V@AD*D5C=N\5%W$7/C42EDB/V#DZR+KXJ96\A0R-\L

$K@5%




MR`\8^;K(NK@)DS

@Q-=-


MH$N+'CMPK!]&SY4!.^\
Z6DBYGO;H(@B/L.NP9P&&_73Z&-&#\)J=X+H:Z;I
M!8N^7*U/%Z363_]/BSJ%M02IX5`SFU`:'

M7ZS@R]7X[Q`X\


VC_


M'&DP,2`&E([(53K9V

9N[!<1B


89X#(E!^^?SIU[HR<Z9&D`FB*,O8D6B891WVT\=2&9W<(7-W+N
M]
@FM.R*MY$*4(TPMHF.#K'RM


M^%&X



.'F!087#!NX6&!071CQ#
M


MSU.)



WL1@
BF0[XDR

13O*JX#


M


U5F8##Z7#`++^P3$\PAW+
M=



/HQ7/N
;N/%RU@3?U

COJ9.13@J


MR9J
(X0O99Z#'I_A9L'LHN3;VXHB2CZ\JQB9?:YERDEF/Z/PUP5^AXZ+\#2R
MF(X=^^#G'8?VC*T+6ZTY\ZLG`%/Y/V+Q[DHN%$*I*`JQ/N-BOO0JMI0L40

M\7G)*43OY2Z$#FA5,*L7,10CC#/GA5*O4Y,9@;.@HVRP\F:I`;._.:Y`8$
MAGE-D@-GAGE=L@


RPDF@BPM%!PFY:TW3#P:/'235+T]3E!-`D.JYFX&
ME$@361[;J#2!AD?\^QKO/@S+
Z$Y(O:


MQ([2F@*STFZ]$OOJ:@K
2KOR?P)`':E^SX6C!$&2I=].@EF^8.@)5VS3L`


M-Q=9JX$=-G\`1&O';--233U


M.-#9C

]&C=J+#V@5&.^


%0S16`



M_NR(GLZ.Z/G:$3VP(\5$V1DYDLJ.Y!FD1D)
_NQ(Z@@M5SNB!79$X\^.:.GL


8#U!P1D1)\X80+T[`1$F]ZJ


M^!4NPQ1TLU$0MA9[Z_]L?N@1$L%!#

M&T/SWG$\:AQ#9/2SD?%@AQFPI_X=.:S(?8)SF[@
+BYP(YA7
UJS/Z`3D4-L

MM='*S(9?;YB.2$
[(K!G
QO[5YOY][0XCY[+3B5BVALF*L'VM15=HZIC0@/-




M@3L$APIV;\#RPMKM9ID27U9IB)0[VCMOM:F',Q$S(GT)UAF/3W]6JO5ZK9;
M)Y$_,`R;ZI;S!`U(/WBQV+[=M;:'J4ZRYNFI;NL=.AQ1/JD^1,)QQ88_@PL

A4Q6H)7R

M@#*P5^WJW5[G!

M$ZFCLH!_WC
SH'


M%A.X)A!(/&A^1^!E?6M`#(WY^12MK_=T-1JOQK=_!)GY.1.UKU![H68F\S!]


$M



A)1X8EL6




@FM[;WXKYZUN[
Y&XFHI.C3VOW6^'IODPD
M_3][;]KC-I+D#[]?8+]#PG_WP`W0:I&22

MXI@BU3RJ7//IGXA

*R

MUE263V;P

VJG



M3EC6T60V

-)J/I9)3?PT^9RL<EGH(7F5.6O^_`1_FQUVNJ

MGQOZ+']
9W



M@^_YZ84;W*J6+!QS'+=J4V.V?G)LRS#*#_;`5G;*ZD]&QE1=/T=6R6`/;'$G

Q]
VR'JNJ<M*A@_4SS9VGWCFU#J6\;QEJN0H\QVTS(S#M07':!S*%


XGA




JWBI572U7732W\U8ST;J)5^:`TC[B[:AJ



M=GFN3J/LFENL'50]H$B6F;^AC_19(:1?PGV[7%E3F6=C_E[LN37ML9C-C]Y
M%N%='!U1/


MG#6:#C5C?#F*7J(6ZU7HL
NK4*H6ZVFF6_T'F?9:;Z7*L);7HTYN'G6625JJ

MSC(!.(UFTSZ$90]6FVT?]4Y-G=E;S?9LJ3V)D%=-)=I;-_?J(CJ;S8;7)4\-
M)V]A4K6N^9H+9]NL:G7$[J;)KCUL

/^M!JDJ()?SJ#=

H7K=:&S2*LW/7B'6)


MLZMJPF;:WG8#U6)PB83CZ10CNM
R::][)UF5AKR'-TOEP(^G$T.?E`GO[HX-


MYYY]`SEMR#5T@8`-1L^7O*Y\T+6TAY@8HZ%^RJ#_#ML#JA4?O7=.N/1#1WIC


C?


=?0CV]L:
`2DQ/&G/_EX_R]
MXP&0@(V`_7WS*':HS\!).5JJ/LH?\=TWE-

MPWSKW^

9TW
MBQH
PAG\86@7G





8YO^G!












M#AJL_(+#CQNP5$.
0Y]
AK/I^/#
]H^RZIG6$`6!%1SJ$ZUI
ZTA3**JPY&F

\9J3KH%5HHZ9/

FJYSY[W4N'._.GUP@SN'._E







M0W


:#;A/_






RAF8X8#?;!@8`BT^
..X.\/1[[N6!'I..$
SY(F'N`I&Z



5!@
MW\4Y.0\\&PY@-6S
+@A=8F#*+=9)#%WQ5`GM:.WZ@=!GTI)3
*3M0-%ESDV/
M5+


=BQ
4ML]=J\







MX@768A?EU$&F++2PMJN8:/3@&P$OG@1+W_(4ZDQA3'Q./XBJH3D/D30][CDP





Q
MT-V^SMNGG




-_NVT$)M.$5,3F4!U`Y$1Y'++Z\-'.3$(K.<[3UE66GLG$<0





MY20G*YFKS
B)*V^]R-;B&(A$LT!JLF)-4@]ZC#<3RU%W=(
MO(BK5N&@_-CD9-U%Y@+H1[G$#WF'#`OHBU+'C`A,XQS_%A5)P8RJ!HP)5C
MVAPY5P


M&[)\UVH%'-$&*C
_9+Z5I!I


MFI%_-7A6HDL[`'`:1$'!65




GU'

ZZ\NDZAE0-
TA
^Y1(MTA.R7''NG<*WP@#E8:TB
3!-3+U
__V8F)G






.-]V_.+7G(J/0/H=S#.79#9R885!JW65.S4N+H1=IR.M-V



+/K@;*&NO



\C'D
)^LM)EW6GDBE3XER(#OG@PF(M8=,:FTOA^
M%.DIT8JIB^D54?XU(D*2R[+._938^(==S+O0)TSDF_$GI^ZOUF:M%;
51.N


M_Z





M+


3*2^D^FV:#9/#T30A
X
7`.3$7QKE$ASSY\16
MM8_PDB2?
THBX.GQ._$



M



_3S:88R'QXYP#DN*

E#BXATS\5
(_PC_#O?/S3/\NM$BH^Q/#D@B3+=9A$?$
ML#5I++=WP-$^F)#_[^W[]\/W;^O0882?N$^E_*K:]C7G\U'3!_@^/RP'%L=
MH-4E&.TJ?H@3MXWKDFN+HZU(P&K)];Q:V@P/IJ`%./K*$/WU-*4D:8JX\FT
M:H[:S$;L$I.U728)PIK

M:*Y&)$


9%A2\
@M7'%*

_HZ9
+]+KQ[%_^
MC)TE%DP]4.]4I7JGXT*]TY20A.D%-5T,V)VKP+J:KK+;+H\G:[/!Y=KC!J

MI?V:1+CM(DP50:DB:&7IB_/`N4L:JZVLZ:JC[N2@;PRYFNV.[WEAO;&A&-.9
M





Y_Q!?D)VG`;D)^
M$O*37(JT+[2Q
AI-E8E!WFCJ=4^02I!*D'HVI*J*-APKPVGEQS
(4@]!*K6[



!FS1S.$VRV4&!M/5%I^&.$3

$UN8-F<FD-9R0J0BD(M_=R+F1%SL?B+#9=X\=RT(OD<^


MB/+SE_PXU53C=;ACHF(RP%?)2\3S'P
GBKC';)AZ
AHG8!Z/X$W`(O]![
--
M)I95&84




M!-E'QW410@$ZQ6`L`(H[CCR8#@#IL=ICE62#!V2
K74TOGU:1V-U
&6P^&[
MUTAX@6SBM?(9AQZA#8;9(Q)]8+GL$8/))$/_Q


SG/S][B]^JNJKJ
M8^





M!T/]^CD(5V.1G3*]#9EB%;FH+SLI+=[9LYP50[4_N'&,4'^A6/;+E^CUFQ@
M3%=BAH38*F,59+TFDE1)3V.)[=261V
QD=0^;(4K![=CY#+DVC03IXI'_G+


368*
=IX+LQL&
M66\@M3J_=;=/P9P''B7H0WC2-]:J11H)K?K


)9%

M@JI(]P46:0YAZ

M/









M-R($+[
F%-'$UI^GELX99G17#)DM9DO'K9+AH((6(!W:Z4\S09KFW*U8$F8[


M0@8]#!F`/7!.Y*Q[VC^!`@4
*&!0




J,3FK-47M`Z6(%DQME?Q2J/Q7_D3^87/S6H2\3K2JH;TU&L5S
M+\[



0KZF:G\%?D/&A6L_LC+<XN9IE!\`3W/YJ!77%.VK2*
MHTF-HF')IM*'\B&/M)0ZGD4QF2FSL::HXVKK$D@#J?VY.50

M
ZH6J*:#F7XTQ;H2P1Q/%6

;

MLMAN;Z2




MOGXQ


^0^I:R8)7QRM[W21V/%6T(B*C-
AX=Z+E;L!A%O^1'76?TCZ\WM;V)*$B?GSK+Y:F




1[C;9/(:W/&RFH##S
MSG2\


M3/8BY0AM^/K#Q]^R3^KK'XL
B
1^KNJ:
IOIRFPZ`V%VK'O)R1S8)'KDW(/W



@T5Q@OQ%`0<N\L)-
MZ#.!.9[^@]@9A?)Q8A_$I^'K\1+8

MD!%?`IN4Z2*-8$^:XT05?`D\Y0FW9V0?H-1J
DA+H0MP6Q%4==+Q.6+F6XDC

MP#T7%W3NX[X8OMI-DX-:^[;Y-R#P+:=1T+B%



M

D&DT&PS.2%5I/QIU\W[G.J5OWMK
S



5(JU72Y4DT]
09SF0#7




=2NQM%3L[V/E&9W7
33_9X

%&5_W2+UZ'#Y7
/^PJHN.)IL6.JC%M?(O%./93JX5XGX$3E%FN+
M`Q







M$Y0JO6N&L*GNF41D`J8V]-)\L`-KR!:B``#5H#C#W7^`8C
A
MDSUS[V.^M*88$YV8KYD23)C7)(IU`.ZC6;J!!M.B0T:V@YITYJOB(

M&%/S[:LV07]OZ'





M?VH_FT*F.FAHNEC:S[-9'(I^#S680M2SJ&D]BW((2XWFSG&74*NYPRZ6R409



M::85



M!+(V8#?PQ

&L37VXK:WY-4-(

M%?#^.(SOFJA**N[]B[WQ@\!_A.T5-!:/N3YZ(U%;015D/]-M:[.Y:P]I$V]5


87EXSL)?<6`



)95




RTB1P(YO4Z
MMB*NCE*P?S0!K+]'`)FQ$]YS6\QL\V$19@;#%\]UW5!4=8@4V8GNHT%U_0B:
TJ7Q&N/D0P9WR*<@3N38#=/)Z\PHFZ8##8Z/`*\4Q%
M#1K;&#BNVTG%`UTH')#@C(5+%G+OP@$JTLJOXG[%DK-'44/3I]!!C0$)



I\?`G7RT

M!_AR`^1N0N1D.9

66?I@\$&;N

M5P5L1A2[-KR6G$EC-9D*'@*TGD$K.V!-I=;C)7.F-$G$85XF=#=Q8G8YE,Z
MD=65/'!\&YM`4'%/8G`)&

MP[)E(TZZ4N&PD$!YS##M!]FPHT;6`R!2TX$O'+C@18&9+&9UPBM$\IT7
N


GE
6I+TSD

MZQH6)3M%NI@K1!NLM?V([IUPU]Z16:/J9+5A[;

M$F^F\%



MI+^0?]_8.%


YZI4/^5$
!Y


R




%BTB):_[




M6'


MY0

O(MM$X46I-L
I:[^?)0-K(-


E\UQ@(EPN


2QV_9@E3['MZGN2'9M;2\?;:P]ABNUJL64N
M\/XT=7)0\^E:*\20G;$D22H;[ZID-$;L=E4I
0LS4#L+^+7_$WNO[`]09
MWK)/`9_S`WL+VG:+_JR';G%/)\,M`GFH:29OXEGWE_FQR;G)'Y$\D489![









MX*Z-QA1K=$I8-IGJP(#)I%]]%H

M+M)6S

5UF2K`J$E/5A&E)G#(^[E..F7A7W+`^9S2+7


&:HEMZ+JQ)XVL:H
CB94)VU`^.043:K?I+L`$3NX(YU50GESVVE



MLF(QZ7QE*6=[16%
[]V5&KLB=39@R0?PC::
#4

MO\L2`)P7\H]S:PET5Z8C39F
U)UD+ULOX/1=?'HT6`HPP-.%CG484DKFM*3B





MGOS)3L;(BO;IGKLZ%Q3E!1S7QT^.N=^N!

MKZT[$S

@4T\/.EK+=RKM&3N='A*O1O@:
ME9_U?K5;H^I;U%/R1N+J)/6+357DQVHBOH.:F;%-\=SQ8'@8?5H=KE5U';50
<XZ=)&/.H=^JB:HAL:


M`^[/MU8U%RT%Q9-




M2Y)'CQNJR*!/5@RS3Y4LA5\V+9+=JM*

DKRZF5N+4O2(
M?%#

MU]A3)NK[L6OG1@POY#(S5B09@Z:1GWG6:`_E9Q8=)W?S!A&J*5J`0RUUFT
MR
GZ0@P![%)^$E@F@3A1V20=94YK=H`D?7BA^'C6^$!F$1M#79F-A^OZ6J9)



MLLF$=[5DD:_&:9`)([4&-2G&_+FIR(/+R





MI_H[MS@)D(OB!S86/UC14W3_RO7-7/D3$G
J


XN])O5V]/C

33K;AQ9?<YJN7_&/P!6X)!$&?V)/#

M
NG7ZXDM%C0:F)4X$[[UJ'/^;&W1OUE0
S?*QTC&D5*=$XT]XUWA2%*R0E35



MBH[/E.



MB4HEZ)'.7(9G

M^6`ZLL@H#NLN#50(QR*N%XQE'OC_X4F5D'32*=E$.&EA?A?-4O/*)OKX`-1A
M#D+)1Z?C1/I84R()




9-?;#FRK
C3)'TN



VB:Q


M*.8`Y+?T
V_B73@EB/%71QC1493G
LZ;873DD3`0-@W@S3TISB[@2.T(6/



MQWLF9N.1HLZFNT!YY:R0653'H?-6+.[81OU%BAWJ[A@3EK)1PD'N?WV]$W[
M!O2CQ0(3/W72MZ61+X)

M
J*OC@3Y
_W#%Q&2;;4EVEE;=#P[KG/ED:?%#Q7)5$\^K;H]&KBGR.09RYO*


M_.?TE
S9@/%VY:]?

MLVMJ





M61NOUA(UB36)F

MYBQ%M*YX*;3)1)E



MLU^B24AV=4=;SV''&*B5IV\3YC19B`AS6D*N2\`848E8B8A$\'1MGB)X(E8Z

MG026;A*'\DLHOX1(0K#2''XA6$VJ3QMK9]ET_L\$)'CQM8;(#.DU95:*`/


IJ@
];$RT4NVTZD.

M@30_7`5?/_C


W`\9AG+9PVC
_P'^U`?L*
M/T9^9+K
\2*X/'0L9-&8

!6R]41
MTM^P
%[`N)Z06$@3N/Z!AQ&0)$PZCRUEY[%0=!Y+Z0DT@1MV4FVL
-.SF75O


M

MZ6




L+67A*QV4;`(96_
M%


!S/BH






Q%0_ME6@2DC69NZB81QEJ&0.5BGGT

M51G.J(![9V2
`*B1G$





-ID*`\K8F('83+RE71OL*B
2!4;)U`$RH2*M:I
M1/86#)6A

M.]`O^[PT;3O]G
1NPGT2XL!4%84CFT`1







M`AR*AY2:B(LF^D31AJ-=%^FRQ
KSB:XI



O)G')8DVU51-

K2`0]C

M=%=K^94'^)UDGZ2_K9*_]U=P._,J#_OX*D.U[H6/DO1;%!XNSKE!C
.T56

NR6

=E+;?PJH=.


;#0&5IQW

2
&B4W5







M];OBZ)#+
=54[1JUU.BLXM4I32!

M+'YU2A.$=IJ_$()0CO.XJ4=XS]%)I`LN\YV'O9SY[_C,'+F3_OY4_BKZ3Y



MV'&`WG9\_A



[:+3FG,6TYU8,!DTJ\^
MB\$7O_N:$C]_&9%POU!8O7X1
QB39RS%RE9A%O?M8];M7
V@5C@)DSL-F`_






M^.8YOODA?7-Z'/3%VF'1[)BH9^-769SC5L0YDE]_E
_%]\!EBS1D4O:P*'L$


OWW&J0-9_^JX9.:X3


M#DN_]1=+TWO*Q

MK2Q'4K$02]C@'

M\R_R?.;ZWAW(H
WY`L;B1

MD^/L)@KW/OY)SME+[I



MA9+*&S(=G\_A9SRIB-]'SB)#6K%+=7T!
3E/WY4P#ZST?WC@(Q\(\0;=7F((


'6@$6ET+]C7*ZDZS

MT$XJ&00^79&OEABZ!#D$.00Y%4$.!9#WT/+S]A-*;?++M4ZA)'=3;9[-\H6L



@)NWV2'ADL

BW)[\6BEYD_+[[5CZ
P
CWQGGE2ZUW6A1VP


.

M8:%.JN
E1=7-U5A2$AY9FMVS197\P06$\`H5ZR5KR-JPP'=()*9CXMX!/#
*JN*@]%HU+V4O=^.;XZ
ME!AZ&7QL4^+

MG(6HW^U`^(^ME4KL8:S5L4X=CAEI]T@IJF*/C44=3*IE&[2NTZB+5+$`FZ




,/+L5+
M^,;RO0?XD)P820UJMK+!Q=DUKA;?$@-;L6+K5R7-JJS*;LO):AB0%H_C[C_
MI&LET?!39]Z936RJ*?IDK.C3DE;\41[;8R6VZ_M?-[&PBN/JA%XG!Y*N`UTC

MVU-X
1)?%Y[WS!P'NQ62]I'F@FC=T/2B?19LY23MC(FKCE1%
V;*M()(];&B




=:2
*ZY*2EC6
D:
K')68.

M4-134(71L-#(2NA*Z$KJVC]%0Q)F-E
AX2NE[7W=*B


.^C.?__SL+7ZKZJJJCXT_

']CC

IG*3A%`!0Y%C.THPX7&J)
L39=UX4
M



'ONJ*.=44;3];D8*Q
IYHR&8U7DK`QI$*O=1R1D.HXL.[-

Y/6

M$/_$`0








M/]X[(






6P\4XR1JDR-DJ8H85B[A9(PK


+EIR3%^/GA3VP8QBS$U'$_^C..KQ0BMI
MXQ\X24_U2JLF8CDW9NHI%1F718+F/N8HGBLXX3DN:P75SZ!UE05
NTMK354F
M$Q4/M1Y'ZX5CVRYO)CBTLA1




FNPS#V
W






M
Z(JFZ\KTW-ZZA#A7%R]G&NS2'.,8@S4\;3D:*-2QJJA#B-$R]

6J*4$6@1:-3CE+1:*8\$6LUC)0*M2SGW+1:*8\$6LUC)0*M2SD)
M;0H<ZX4P;2A.GK5W-A%Z]Q^_2#.7I(``@&\`$W4T;/3HCP=)Q#Q#$5QZN[4


M)U@C
M
(*PAO`405@)-,5?3959F6+,!.$$80U0#H)P@C5$
QM*$RHK((M4(817DR

5+4L:%H92NC]@N^Z?Q@.T.&A#C-(Q(@



MN2&.UGD
?%['O_1%6.B*MIX2O&?&O30?F!/8TEB-
\(KTPE)$^5E2-(LZ$


M=`0VC9



M@`




M^P$[C24)@4WSB`1@


MU4IY)-!J'BL1:)&FU230*K@-?Q('3K/K;.=A/TO].PXC9_YTF*D*!/FA0(ZO

#P
\!-9QS67(7Z5_O&:2;6;Z0#=^*SY:#`:
M%:1OA_<5B+'&@_+.338\(,E'D5U/N6K[+K5[!7+K/KC<1*[29B$RI72H;+)




O=K+V/38L
_87?(;T^\Z4?(!GDQ7LX6^\W



M@E@*ZC(.K'LS3-1?N)?Y@0-D!!8$#@!&!?$5[!^`H@TOB^Z!L0
&DF(,GO+
MF863XZO)E=4*CF&J(A]^YA:'T&GWL=\LWXSWTVJVZVH=3;;!1P5U1!519NO
MM



#$[-B*
MI!+E^




QZRXJ@@6;;
ME%#.^!*N=A+.D]P(EHV)0WCI@KV<['SL%@14<HAP6(&JM!JJO1U28U.\/-*

MN8\=-
M=F&;.0LDL/1L#

M(XR
=$P#]KLI7B
T?[P!G5R@04FWD^UCD`GT#!R(&#P

M


MOL/P0#



M).[N&%

H!R]RG/]^OK*K(8BJL*4P-BQE9.LM*GPD^K*4B]P0FW;5U)
MU%DJ1L(/D`.%<B;R5O`NDL*=;FOYO<]&\6XWQN%)!$#&@'#';M)[-HCUO3O
MQ'9




EM&(Y8HEU







M.#\.D=GN`G

BA-#&?1LH4UE3)M#H)P'
M*HTOPH-XRC@B+AW$IBLUNDQ7`8'Q8Q`3F*ST1X5\-0



M`@Z@`/+W*BL.K4A!-9@NFC1WYIZZ,0[!Y


!V(D[&-\6DSO;3$0)+QW^=?=IZ\K

MBWP0U'IA\]PZ'

M


M@IF^E]
K#\!


V5KU\$E$&TTG<4TS-B
M!.J<]@KC-/,!,CP[\A)72C'RS2=;\Y%*D68!-[1ODEREO:LE^^Y3PE`B3S!

`CV



MWO.

ZE<'#;A0?*?`=!(*'_./RL4B8DX3@-0NXMG9
3FS*?J(BF=Z&G!=K



P:(3\0-_7'FM/@6^!W]:/'?Y[NY=K6B#GHSEOA7C]T`


M4]
4$:*(WSD6AJ+G(HJ1$VZA*(H:@29P];\Q/TQFPN])@5S#AI4&FI2Z0CS#

(M%'A_%%%
E/[?5J1M`55



MSX]#]RG+2_R:#5IP1)ZZ@B.E-YZ)5/6G]$C::JS)D;U$^#JXU7[TV._FTXHC


KE
\'1-3,33,[GQ1AB!(@_+%
ME#)/#AMP2G`?2Y8H`!.89)JCY*=#B7('7K(`E7`IZL2C<*$<95$:SE2C)
M]WC\$5E9!+Y$+GP!@(J*#_M?TXO-(+=L4D
R
H%$J$@._R='&S.YE*_+7B6_
M#]





[=D%IS6HCO96YRE_1'MJJ





7M?YUBC%]9-I?3/O9/&*


+8.QX\E

88E

;YV&JUE[M^&RP6Z(UNT*_2!.BWPT
M5R.2H8RF$T4?-SW1M&T


9:2.%76B7D9TN[VI7%::1()$@D2Z_T3U1-T;0)


+C3


M8L?%*(30*YW%


M)V%92[B+L*P

YUZ%O=*-`G)6L)=A&2E^J\;8\48D[^T*3INQS7:M[X7



MIJCZ6)F

M




MK@ZPLP.3&^F#H7Y]KVF3.NKN!N16=ZBMO*/\0.T?;ASCEEPXMNWR-6K-!L9T
M)69(B*TR5H'/O=5



8R2
M5:8K%7\RU2N
H?:[.


M
//6*9*GG&HZ1E*[O5V?'V*^))$[HX.6



8L\L6%N)2F
M]Y0ERABO0\;351%7.R%;!CS$8^PVN^6N_TAEYII89FX\F%5Q-OB0MM2LP_:E






*L:8R3D5@OJ@LU_IR$-#RLI?


J,3NJ#4'M`Z6+5:1ME?Q2J/Q7_D3^
M87/S6H2\3K2JH8T
&L5S+\[


M;#\4A?OY8ND'L`3


M`Q]XM







.Y1U
MHZN*
=*4R:3JAG.5F`O-3Z:YB!'1J:!J5P^*5QTF[7;EALE(&4]'BF%0P08J

23/9Z&AI73:PY
5.4_

.^`JJK=%KLF(KBU9=(O%
/I5)XUPDX4:6EVN+`!




M^12`'5A#?@RYO*GJPAD.[@

1\S91@PKPF4:P#`-=M


AG6X)HC-^DRGME*L)5IM\P#LPH0;#0UEJ)=
_2&7

D%VQ[`*PW&DCUF-:S[`-5

=)TTDTV@\4XQ92;`G



MS.:1Z;B8G@2T9G


6U
7+
*[-BQF\!@UJ8^W-:=^9IQ
M@0OVI3[%R+ZX([KE2O)X




4LA/=^$)T:-RH=G^]B)*E\`+TQ
%E=;.FZ;MZ:




MMRS$4T5X0/


AJKRF0TJY@=
MN@]IQVD
UU;5FN/?;MI9#/3L@*.9U^8&65G,5AR!..L?(,VXE'OT$?5%-W0
ME)E6,B^7L.88K$GGG-2CG0STY;GU:`4F=9O4[S:QR8X#[.A3_C3J4I3W0).





AI7,N22'OV<F)8JOI#(MQ6

M.S
J@





:0FY*$'DXE0B(O682$0N@J=F4ZE_






W9@A?





O+@XUYN.



^$S
MX3/A


M7:QNK

A(YB<=R\P0;TA#+L^3V,M
MC

56S%B%
M/#3@

/KSLR$P-7==!$J@7_9Y:=IV^CG!:`LI%62(G.`PX+5K






IB6S-#K



:0

J

$0`U
MDG
(@*ISOA'\-%?'X:29SJX:?7-&2](8D1!R%9*A)KBV2N3'%;(XJ4#I

MXDO0)A-E


]&B
VP+T;<1G+LE0KH%:A,#I7JN@=3=BN^%=FZDC1C.EE












+2








VZM+





].[`[ZUXP!#'_C\)VX&C`
)



+J2DS6=9&.B



_




M3OCMY3S@'

M#\UU*K9..258[[G'=5@ZU;&WD-T$2/\:23G$/X0_G0XE-H2HY:PAK&L*92







M2$_)-4CU/?:%!PX/V1O11#7Y\+;Y;LHV[0'=1OQJJ-(#6UM5%6VJ*^KLK`Y2

IE-E


C5
9OY

MG3%QU9&J:
9


(23&;
XXQ+P
M+Y@LC#7`1OJ(L
%6$!NW'&
CX^\8LXPETS!Z'-R9OXU?D;=RS%ABI`)R)
9S



M+Y%:O`G2




M$7_2Y\_W\7HZR^H49LUS2GWB?F#Z80__PH@0$[E6FZT/P.):N1EPD):6`QQ4

MVT

M




ML\Y)A(X[&[]`8R'NF+:Z:L1'_^&R!C$]!-D^2?Z(_SF[9XEQ0B2?\2L:

ML4



MY^)Z=KWLS5O.UTK8+&$I7SL

M&4&ZFNZ6OBI8CVRHHP%0Y3
`^S;EC?J#VX\]U!WJ
%A_DW:YT%\S!)
Z'7
M36+\(GZQ6KW`A

M'/

QV7





+(L6_FRV
`LM@8Q=-I

M`7.=8'&V
$:F*[DU'ZBKEUX)U*6?*0%U-:0N@BS/1



S96E18;:ET$*B10(=$G
MF0:ED5[Z8T_4B`M(*T.DG)`6KWT1R`M_4P)2&M?R3T@K5[Z(Y6?J8$I+6O

MW4

N\@E)K)@+$*G%`95GD?D/H@Y



ZA%$RB?0/FDJX7`/'5@
MDAW4?'OCCT!:0%KB\$

!V6CG64`VAS83()MN


1A'XV8ZKF+`/
`\3P]Q-#GM
M.




)2_\8?/1#?IK*#(4B@N
MH;&Z[0+]PMU;;IV]B9

&;[!/]FXG2?9/4N
M


MXKQV$0GP\G-?KL4G7G-0WTRX-'_\[_\8QF_KC_@TG]ZPY//MY^4A
='=%;N;


(O


M5V_9+4L2-KX.OK].4Y:E_Q=








OESR?[RN]5=;7:C07^+^$]-U

M'$+]KK576Y#8K;W

M'-]W/(P;^MCKT6@^G4]$


M18JLM5^-*@I

$V47VEZA2[8






ME9(QY
]B+
'KL9BJ\&0O/L6-M_:4L0HN]N0WD4ZM?HWW!96:

9V_



M2\_986P*1-\O.`HWUYG$\SSSB


M7NM!@=;H^WU\DGP]S^[C)




V_95,,ECWG??1V$J
M%NY2/JB:KKC8#8GL
*B5B'$TVCG)KO(!_&()\G\
5!




_

&+\XB7Z18EKY*^WW+)UJG=MH)N7;&9Z

#0@7W^!EFI6B4W^52T/Z_O:MM;AM'


-&
M)]_









M
Z2!KQ99;M_%TM'H&IVE2SH4ADCJ+DS_N%JMB
B6]*E/']]=W:C$[78M93IW
MMFZ$^N
ZUL6T`%=:3$I_UPM`W!=`5F5K?G])U[3.-7PB_RY?Z*$;5PU\/D11



M8:8VNJ_S^'%K'6_-\N76F:G

#H;`P=CTC-V]X2M:%











3/Q_3KMXQV
M]&5OT#6.`+$='['=5:7)4N7J(8^B([[T]1*U@L;8*06ZE!ACF='7F
US/(=-



G+KX2+MW]PBBZ.9SRQU`+ME
S9H
M)XY/V6(SL)

M8


M)YHPVGDJE6`OGL
XH6[GARRO1


$8%+SD/P:

23P.HK/6:]%9
MR$0V%;S^3!809+;`H:OZER&S'OC8?0A6^=E%*57CVE\MR;?0.

ME&0OT2;#;_-%B8F,@.7$/?;GG$:TOZY.::B\TYW2@TPTI1W]8VU`O@OLAC




U?YRL9^[?YF


S1#0C,_E&-8YO!Y!H-%.
MF6:C:KI`0`%`9FSJM!.%DD#NN=1M@CY4#OW%/M\JX25!!36R
RD4E%?5%
P*

I9I:,*BYS],J[#*SME((-4-?@;@4S_U
&[NI`P1_';X;X(AK!!^*@


MXS4G!(

MXH;,R?\P+(/RZ'U,ZP7U5\%D,[D7A5YR#S:-#2S/9Z-F
(/*R'\1PUW&$/
M#\/H6\6T5[*!:WM']R!SWRIV7W+@(E4A9]H4YD

J-ASD$WD(H
MADQVDY+#


M=:3$
HBGVD

HQD!`.9`SWVC=-AAM4D&




MHC_
7:Q$XS
SH/



JXIX8
N6?V'




+3IJF[V+7
L?*BM8MC`&]ZXCQU%UM!
M
%;9@
X4(U8L2M[X3]_C\J=G\C7JD2+?LUWS=/*H^(FJCI*GW8VB0@HU\C1V
M[)\X
=U5\I=UPHD\_$JF26!7R;WE@`E?X3BP-%9+##Y&HIZVV:J22GYF-XH*


M[WDJZ818LR=YE$=H'DY6'Y?5\3*+\%1NY.M(S


M`LW



BH6N[NXF+/S[D$1UW

M#OA





MR0.2]#6\/'1/M+8LT[.#TY($)']L8DDHE-F9@8598^`4)`%)0IM8$O*[$QUL

M03O:+OEN33]XG83I-D1^D:9KVEEI_T?ZLMK8(#\N(A8#SU2^7^D*
K+#O#70

M




UZO\8K4BN)$W*-40LUB9



</B1W`/IX1=M!JTAUVI@QV5=94W3;D<_B_65Z3Q!F`0SG&2$&/_4I]_4+
MB7^R32)KA4
&+H#Y/.XX+
MU5T9`*_L3J'#K1''8.%HWZZ?GI)8JV_C2BU_60!U^#8C`RA[5K$).OH!U.'@

&DPZ_9C8+


U&04X



J%^1EA-L*=#QL#/



V3;



M9I=G`1,.U#00-=R[51T)



PJ3Y.:3\4U/:;LB;N;Y45HZJ]/%8
\FM]BH$T*0:Q




_!+

M2P


30Q
C
Q7V-A
M;YX;6Q55`D``T(,&U5#!M5=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``[5UM;]LX$OY^P/T'


9TR93=RK6KO1JAG8-8EENT]7-9_5$3-M



MX


M-/YI3(C+X
WY`KG+AM%Q'&/

MXD_^Z.$%8;;'1NX])0M


M&`931U?3OFD[&'PA[Q=O#!L\UE8(7$YN1Q@##:RAQ^]+S[B[&A.2Q3A&*&

I3&EZ](:4Y5OIZ0)$&UXH4LUP%
UAA[R':QU4?4!4^*






MO=RQ3/SI.4DA;+U\L4S8N_EC(4R]G*U





UVR:^








E^


V0R

A*H4'Z.76P3CUT;[?5)0
M[UT!5:G];1-=&&,&JV79X[3)4JH$-SOD$OI=<FJ%)6\@GFWW('OF(J!$!=*
M6#.J:RJ?



BM(D*R\R_Y=6I
M_C!6?
W2GE&6I$

MPO99WF*C-!#3TJVBH^%+;ZE%1P!1UTHB$8':?0%QP$!:H^Z[;28H`M?K-E






M#'CE
M)IFB9`-R:T*Z
]MQ





MV[M%^-X*;==]]^__YW_^CU__U_OW!_?W%P=C.W)?R84;VAX-%P'YEX?O_WKP


'%U9$#N+_^^7@^&AT^O[HX_N/H\?1UU]&GW\Y&7WX
M\N7KUT^G7__MZ.B7HZ


$/AQ]^/CA-/-K=Y;]E_5
#JXO
K_V

MH].CXRSG=+X




M





80D'/O.0T3M


M6T&P9MY/*
+/[KV;6_!+S-W-.K8AQ%@?NTB*PGCSS26\JN.G[$MKCZOG:
MCPA3OU$(`:YC=+

90N;`
MXPM@$02

TN@E.UM(X?_Y$^FZ(



ML\]MBSOP8\%U(POE!45GP5%7

G9CWQ;N
M*S_RV*@-SLUB.KJOOE;XPB^K['_XWGJUO/CZ&JT]#G!/DQQ!DUM7Y0`M(6$
M;75^C3'Z0`)N*3%=
25




E(OID&=%;-PVHP6BY6&K!;V6_O1D?'

Z3R!



MHZ

M1]1*22(#H
!`VDQ32



BUK30S



MB


Y

%SJJQ#TCSGU


!?5A


+2'1MA1H*X
M/DQ??9X51^I[ENXH#;'&@A
YCZC;/$O#+3.X!4[439[EIU7^DH0AK=5P_GF7

@$F7
MCZV(+MF[


M=
?52:/1W0.W8&M()N3)?I([L!$;R32B1Z1.[#3*YMCX7XZJT5#)\D\%2W@
M=N



L;=(ULNXP




M#4U\7`J9*;I]M+=6Q/X[F9XM0B:)


VN]C^&NHTO%BEJ#Y:;TQ/

MM1*3-'JAL8L,+I=@?P1DNGNW&GH!4F14YW#ZL%/S4GTPGCQ.(*Z2%Q-L#Z


MB13JO=J04Y+*&2L]18J(J\Q-47X#W6RO2+XKBHVY8HPJV\QO6DDXDB=
GK
M^([U-
GX3Y#U
*DZSK==19N0A&



XH988=PHUD0B69(8(\
MI(


H%#([E2]/L:KZV[U5-INNFNRP``
+LI:Z1+1/PE'


MGB1V1-SDF/V%!*^$Z5GB\
$-O#
K=

?/GWB=AZ/
MSUS[\T7$'[?S;==++(JS9?QY_(8H?)7JXL'`F;3+XC
GO.S84'U0060(Z`\!

]2?U`87(D`BL/DB@W;Z02U@:E`
M


](@L*+.D%#6AX8$J7V_3RJ*N^EE?$]@;R?
M.9*5R&QVE00)ZBM?C5!@

RYZ132W6G
MCZ5]

4
5EN]7J$4RXNWZR9ZR=9F.S




J(
MF$A!TPK`7`I:=FSE-+1M(KH/#&8DA)%KG_/WVX(E7!.4$-#
=FK=C!?12VQ.
MP]=
&0T#:UXG^QTP#UWN912@=EQ*1SHGI/`SY6&WKXO20]^83]*HXYV6B&=W



]*M/4WZL[R%-Y92VA)5BD)W=7
3/%
IN?LH'0C)C#7
M8UIB



KK/;=X_8C*-AX3G


MM#]9_E^3*;

2D)TYW-Z[#0&E'O;A&MS`*EU5NG1X6T%7JC%&0?VC5<2)!

KDG!H(`\
M%X&X_Y?^HC0CT6`!]65'E]9)I?`V)U)T;;:+6@V-.KRB19-S89&N!]@46LV

_BS'OZ@
!
M%?7VKBMR#42KC^$$A1[UGEX.1FO8[`B[*+5&.\V0*K%.NGW9S;ZMHX@1ZU
MLT$9?;[4



TMD@9H<YV
UJV


8*YD'V]$$`5@U/
+!%P1\16`
M46NN!C.\%:-/(7]!73G38(XK(*-VC2895BR3J/K])ZK?MLKSN+UVZ^D
BU
M+4]7ZE?5(.CSP`J9-^F#'MYJE8`C]59KSV/ENYVQ
(3\AY#_$/(?0OZM3_40








7-6VXS

M]D&N

MO(=YYVGOF@.Z]]2/TCW\B00^SHV18-)K(/!H=)6AAL8T-4:8@J#5&E(:J$
MS3$]1)5V
ZI4%VO!'55JQ0\'

*=WF

Q&<<4F
M42R;`9$U]!=Z@MZQ=\/!05#04$;!04[V3YOZ$1GHA/=X'(?7.Z=N-P?[!?B


+K7M.53=B..DR&--B$#;7'V6PGLNZ*6[0K;YG:'O3*6U]M#VIEWF)M


:7=7CM)U6U?R?N



G


1.0$8KWLEJ)U0-E:XM


_^A9C;O^3:!
YG[S`2+T(V2^:C!)GEPWUK8)$54




MK(++VF?LOB@(


M0&$MEDQURMHR+ML(:RLD[IO9:@YSZ[QA30$OQV




:H


JCH4.%WA0B46V]


HFT3;4VG<]4FO!


M^=*8VC%T=NN4

R
M7O/.M53
^_2BMZZ^)_M4P=]=HX2C3_M:_=)ZG$J(=#`&](5016^I/=(/7:0!

A]#TJ$.T^?59T(-LC#6
\
MZSN5\CXU&



M[4GJ?1VHO

MZW9?$RZ

M^G$ZR`OU&
^A

M=E[JU;X(
&EHYQ=.=^*?\SRT@%_H)M
[]NLD$B2`B7#K0AS4ZBM7H)\^-*
MHYCHQE$;KZ5%XIV-I-ICERV%O-2@GN!:TF!.YZ1P7AV=AWDC^=JW((H:9;


&K`4M;*SWQC\/UXH:!V1


_UMR$DE-7C?


I[116QX2AOY+0VH^5+S=XN[
MJR.X1V+CPZ%M
7I/D


M-'!XM3


\1_XN:
MAZ_)$!W[\918UWN[X.MT



!(K?0*GWTIQJTU?8SZ[8?*6$INVU9&?`3:/IJS





0\


A]W$.81LY
ME7*D4655UK!L-..H0:Z10O(9`SXGO

.P@/9I40
1.+U`C#%_B18C0N-

M=;32E


$%`````@`Q8A_1D$H9=Y$=```

30Q
C
Q7VQA8BYX;6Q55`D``T(


M_ON__?P?O1Y8+$9@8`;V
QS9OND@?^?!'Y;W/X(_KA=WX
YV_WXP?`A&R-QM
MH!N`'G@*@NV'T]

C@(#^


#G\*U`ZC\
/;C4P!^,'^D*H/%?G?+DN
M=!SX`OX!ELCU\3<W6\-].0$#QP$+\H@/%M'WC.T3B)$)^806\KU?SE*\??U


8D`GS[@T\_O$
F-2J#7J#T&^2W7ORU'OFHUS_'+G'R


NC

M\;S

05Y%!LL[
MY!ND]XR^1

]K[^:R@&1'(`%02P


MD20*??1KDM3BW!AGS=15[+WLDRZ\A-]LB)M&G4T44K(W#98(HBA.R01_QE+_
M^]!($EK(6/@*OP5KPYA]AKL]3#\NOQE

8CJ[L=/
3-5N9Y^0Z7P`.WY7'%3.+2AG0@46'A4);5PR$B.S


M\.4
0$-V4UCJ_3EJ
8&W&!J;)A3VN)G



@'T

M['`Q+



MN0:+Q1`?B=I:QRDU#(-=I`7)?/?@V.:-@PRF+7@E#PJ2G






=B*MS#S0/;WA(F&+%6I!Q1OG<OH`7AAO26(!$83[A2/<!UITTZ

Q369EP







ME0E.B'
&9/F^'0D%

FQ\'BUI&,WK[$%8N9(1]Z=+.4%;7M'
M4VS1$9:#ZIZX2
E4:_LA2UKD9JMJ

OFM5$RLY7I0-D+;'U$B]S'%?0VI&B.V(Q\&8)8XU0(
MIF!^

M'MLA`2;UME
RZ9R6LW=2`=T.-O1TGVL-D4ON8(&N
+H*=S(,9]/59'H[G@XGXTX/^K.8!W&0
MIJ<IHC!(R0E/@J8EM1(-*[C9(L_P7L1W^Y1"%%?@J:@'-%X-![?#Z[OQF^
M&-^




;=:WPD/K^JJ_R`B6D#LDQ
MP/A;:`;V

MI%Z5)]A8T
3VQM4*YC]3604BB@9[O`#

MR5B%)V+;/@G;SO`DKJIY@[Q15%

WQ#1:^RB%E


O4U4UD8A=+`H-0L

]NM_

C@R7/&BG83B(EM42J7;@4F:\N9G)\:FRJFNB9E9M&]98$&6
@)KBFB];M




3&!*SA4/+Z[FTQO

ITL5XO!:O)Y#
9_S


HQQ.\1
#&+ZZ

AW.[L=@-?BCVYG`-CPKMTRM
MT%[?IA=EMRD010'1%.Q5!7M=0:ALW$Y1=4%&7T`5+JM!VF*+AG6+FM%KZ$+.
(#A4:5<W\XSY@OAA_Q
T_
M61

356Q@X6*TMTSQ0Z7:N+:
M.OMU2+)(&U0)(WK0J`Q106W

HY9#(3-Z


MHH-*QOWJR'9V`;1$AN#



M]/KYZ_(TJ5G'9T4DQ&A;CAC*)NNWR

M?_J



+P@V4]P-Y@.






MNF=T9#_;%G0MKG$'$YR0FS`@J[B:X&`F%%B1

14WQ=$$G&-C64U6OG,K9#(75L9NG-]5+73J
ML`2TUY1A`:B[-8JAX3])7Y\(0=7-9Q-\M9.=[XZOWIQ'C2SY/3/M268T3:R
MAJUOA7%Y%R?V)+\&0PHL2@P+3-A^ZB

M]J.Y[J#?*O18%CMO$$%Z2IBYC%B1




G88`;982]%.(QV$#T7KMOK@@'QGTVU@



R]VSS-F%O2V+.BQFZ#Z
?N2QL3!7AM8*\`$TD_54
M0K,=H4\1EXH<R#1R@579K3P53MMX`F6KF<`A4VTGE[KWJPOX2J/#5*E5:-Z
M*);YOR9%@:/




_5U]C=OGK
RSV5_!%JX6$*TX6


W=^J]/X.9Q_06L'ZX?5W1RW.KR^?;;
M[?/M]=._!1Z=[=).D!](%F\3/
B12G\:VVJAP
4)$+'(4]A&



CY=
T*U+QF\9'ZA'&=7Z7E

=T64CGH3S7_
M$M)I]`!$1DJ-#JRNWQ!.HXQ%YB1XP7&SO:BZP9(C]\J3X?$W(H#QTUS1&C
M




PQWWDL^


`J54'49TIWJ)/8A.;G;?C7$'&?WG*Z'X\0ZE3\P


_RW?SG
2T@%G1[).)`\Q
&#6)VCYW&Z/JY
MD&*3?VF]*NTX0A;?ZO0)'+*$/[1I'M=\`B7:5=])/7F4#W#T84;&:H\2TMXC



MW27Z`XS\;U=O;N]7]Y?Q;U=UL![W\%%5+PI7'4]N:YB#=DMIDIOV29QI.U@3
M:I-S





/H-:O@H-WIV
M2:4!RH6_D$FUR?:MQ;_6C/8;2-#//0.:]@01C9:`X`L`?3A;1=G#!AG4+
.


M'






J

+
2SC2(9
MQP7IJ^M/?HWHXEBF.2S+*UANBO10S_DY$^H9_J@N
L
*%0OB5B9GS
=#HI]4
MQX+6H9!JLEH@EC61%(:
4




M;$!NTFG?RA_VY=GS:7:?VLS323*KFZ]!



M=5V;ROE=L%







M7B'B\Z0+&3WF?4/9%O].3`8U&

./?F(_1%6:4&WB&3!-C]?5_Z^










MOH

O+H

.=S-2Y`
2R

M$$!AFJ*EX0LC/]\SX7P<I8WM+#`8N!-V1_P<$SXU\_

'0R21G5*C1RWK`;;J



]WLR

G?5&^0;$.K(\VL;N`6


F4
MJ74@\2^
G67YELM#2&H%`P_DK3OI?\B#45/L3VR1ES&2O4/G[^_2Y`4;9^BG



R4+M2\/:$E^
M)

M-6*37$\Q((=TVKC)T/?R!@/#+]WSUQ79&5%&O&GW



MAC/ZL
P%*A_


MG1_%!6GK*T8
N!_57#J*![\S3I9GZAA*.A
'ZYCZ'4=3WZQUJ)@?/0X2]')6

:'8RH/6Q*LD+[;JQ$L+,$Q
MW\*%JO2=A=Q7&!

MY[#AA[EB0:@P\1K.&@$`+%N42VQECJ[OKH7@ZO$B05,J3O'XZWRPS0QWI'6
M,.P4KBR/^X-EV9DOSL[O;T0/I+8`]P0:ZGOV
#?4IAM02
+^(*V
(LC!CBU



MUFD








YI!^XCY0(RS;*2WH)7#J7
M]'WEQ0V-SB4]XPGN)$#-ZT!7\%#`#9OP]P56;VCKIIQ,2M<M;A(6_LIAP*&I
MAH$-BEM!`KG(D3I=D
@Z_B?4M

MF?JIXV^6A
U?0)KR\/)
MAFY524_0
)&;KTWKZ236I#ZO2SY*9R5P'!/8JTA
M1Y/4OA1XQ8!ZCJT

MO#.395[VVW;MQ





V/]+%.H


MYO4GX[.T






VLS$W
CYE'2;G=9_HZ;![L


WJW&&8%6/I4
M+:N`=!GX*


M)^


X!:!AVA[.2M)T]$`7J()TKFOZ@L=D!Z?D-9TNR1
@WM/XI%

VL:.8V/-^-0L?1T
MG
%V9O3Y*RE6V84_G2OV$\&%;Z0K$VC0#]HY3VQZT:88;99TE;(CQT=T^+

M&`8)8U`^@'E8AA8F(&E'J3E:


K.%W:7N[@VN/+C!Q?BL?0)3G[X/S!0L0
M[@;.&$]DI5OEA8GS)JKZSN3X9W*7S4WG7
J7HSDMGGS&
X$!G2-1K1A#6MW
`)-0U'
M6O<U=B)^4U</G1C64H2*'S3X.4=.8%ZPK-+-)3KF57$R[\*O(&W;Y71^I`]
MUX;5CK14$IN*ZY
`S@%P%H&F87V&Z+5(#F_I)LFL)V*=$YDVL:E/S[UMBQRB



M:Y[^G5X5UA6
)HF#DH35$J:@YM[0ON+(651XR:+/-0ZH3*5/`^?
'\;`0)IJ


533)*@I.KW7)Y62FB7*

M***I[NV:UK


M.'A.5W



O[ZQR8MR=6+^1&F-BF[NM]A
MJOZ

DW`VM

Q]OGLW-0!(0SUQ
M*3LSTK

![2.QI42E88S


M@!T9X?3&)`$5%P7@G1\X
&%`3J0)6!AA#SJ:J/;E`R&M?_ZVZ?__NNOGW[]
M]5?PVZ__#R\K(^E`WU.?4R-[93S!T0`P4`M0@`RPX$/1#RYG['AQ?RG2;

8\-7J$[RA[3_-7F@#Q0VC#[8\A5?/$V(B!
METT/DP41(1F]U/40K!=3ET.'FZW8P<OLM?R(J#L;&_^_#_(WH;N;QK&-/FO


M_L(X@H8EX#R9_]R!6W`!UN!QWNR%C
HE_
U=IO^;5BATB;AW`D(_N`\H=(R&


:BD[E`R8^J9[T!A75B2\:G5/KU+A^



MR1`_W';)4-.8C(7#6#4P;:]H?607J8^

M;9:+03)VG1G4%/T
`^PAR5H4#
M`L(L-U(](A






MI0E0@H*WW!J^8E(PT'E0TO.4]E)VK#Z1%X(0)!(ZQ[E:!(0%&6G_2U%2$`



5

-%N2B=Z2M&#!1+TI5:^W.\26F/
M'=D?2RS'0Y%NX&_V[C!(U


/X.MU=IN9EV.BHEYL!K)'3=VY?`!&PYEW@B
MVQ!.RHBFU%O



M7AGY&1U[T[`G?EQ&EHQJX3KBLVH%+P##$8]L&1
/+&?ML2+1@UB#8'G38436



-X6SE$Q2HRJPFZ-Y
N
M+[Y!)#$M]*LB#6R0OLJBQ&30H72/;.)_1N#Z=128D3;/;_-ZAX@$6*MO=P
M\J'+


M]SA&Y




5+S:T

`-


M5F65Y%N28]'^E*7Z#GHN3S'$$-FI
WJ\N$^Q]:
!;%T`QA4PMG6QI/0:W5L+


B25ED;.:D[;/N(:L/%1ZR,T<*2.4K&=WE<$72AMX^TNFL7X7!*6XC'+F
M=79*B]38^DH%$%V8B3+EPK%9`^8+P*N&5:$0+6UT






9
MQ3ML^!LMX;)?MXO9YY0\+


M5NU!0I/GJI[1=(]%

MP@'R'KW#_0O^I]_^^1
@$()_(`_/V/R1.EK_8Y0[7`L#TMGQFL*U;&/1V!%W


M*N7%F



Z`+2DH$[0QCC%4]`^-3.GXTN


M?=RNF9(%NV$+!+XQ/.TQ@1!9*#1NN+*)2'GQ*MDWW]F\\!DA9`7-($WW/J1`

M/


@F==F7%`8DS`I5QF


MK^!WQF&FEDLPPS1?/\




M:&@['



;#@C%FBS:8T0#BPE;BBBRL2VGYF?:XNLW9_+M9HHR\[P&)!7


\!Z1-(
M:HY@APJ6#BTR+.F:EHL0I879!S0C9Z%+:/;-TO!&8(`E9AG4?)'L95S?+WU]

MM@=:BBK\J6=_7]`VW:5Z@RL=
S0O]7;%VTM9/[
'MD1N1+M)!+MY.?'!?.SG

R%G0LO

M#C_GK/60



:)D%S


MR5[\_RM



MG\


M3T8=E;[X#$VD.&Z:,4^%?:?RT@=/T8:K`%1&_^?%Q&2U0NDB3S:5YSBQ?$
MVBTD#1.28TI[`QFNPY!L#?O/9:2.0_)@8JPV_LB'F9VOF[=8_C0OT\VW)#N&


?]2@3D#:V]4[8D&X@];/7^LUJW(4)+LW0_?V/!J8?W.1\




MT

M.#S=)&FA?8\67

+5D/2IQN2\$_;(#1^6]YLH




M5%G




M





MG7XLZPL4-PE2\X&!QH'?@US/$$\NPY.Y4_%M4Z2E1T#YT_U#O=Y=A@+7%L








;!B*T'T
M0JZ\NE@A0^W%BTLV

[X0I



MTI=C17:4Y%G0AFTTJ16^H6R+)0/'`VT.W9R2H9TZ/4WS'I%(E=





M

PUT($4%8NA$X#AY




-C1`
M79PZ_V)?0V#$8.)%K@$OOQ4!G!V@_(`HKG-Z/YK5+?^-N8@O=PWAF)IT$NN
MZAV@[L7;%;HQO4X?)&,%WP!%#STQ5.B$]#P=:)!PN*$(1M!8
Y[7
7'FE_B


MEX3TS\O)X!Q#IS4E:VX\9AR\N/4CG=Z7;T'2`&.M13T'_:M'.$\W1)B-$'1
MRXSNQ?@6+82@*\=+`4A;.-%B(_

MNDV3XK0N5KL=YHLE


<M=

/!\
A;A:=@0=N-'8TH5+@*GL4
SV6U+F//E:8?*SDZ2
M9SD^CL5)]


M4#XAC7E8_TA+-['I.I.K.8HTZ


P#(;J9V\7I&7^-:8(S2


M3YED!T.!


(-)
M5L

SX#.MP\R9D3TE&2P?X3O

MZF2S
4K*#H%AJAX
GS.

MX?*J80C0N(;^-/
:_]#


A?])F

DQY7;V9=+O2I61Q035&U
_E(*Q`6;
%



MCDF!M9R=;E+2P!W'F:ND2E8O954D&Z-KTS%*5EN.8:).06E8@887(
SPGINS



M5*S/'I&`M.+;4!G$?GQ3OO0Z*7(
$ADW_O26%-#;]U#`')VY,JP^1+U^$G


C`Q-#$R



O
`)7
_Q/X3A
M](.+YQ\/WK]?4[X(D1





S^0:ZU_PCPS^`!.1'1$J8W492@
M$

MX0$*5/9-)3N[^B;]R9]U2MSHB9Y\ETO=`A#+62RJJJ/0W1C%=WU.2/.WKJ

/-E(-U]








GOLP1
M+C):IG`N9PH59%1+&]^)HO$L'?(2SQTO`(F6DJ]U[?/BV*
W3VR[[Q+1Q?XC


M5@&N-E48


&B^PR

3
A1TR!


.JE&9OUYM<JNMNH]0^QT^.OI*%&6#I^4^IZWX













MG/%*1Z9

M


M



M0'5%%:(T9@E2ETE(RU*G9E*V=2]P0#9V1.`9S[(_QQY1.!^02WXU3BNF`Y[D
M6XZDO+1
*7MI*J(.''@'@H:6L4K&U&C(;06*^LI6^+'`07'@57GCYAFUH]_-





;@(:LKG[F9R

)N2#'03F+D$GZ*HOG46'O`\Q
MO4ZFY\L?$2)0Y[)XY,;DHJ%^M+)V(B)WW(DQ4`0OER$IFGG%*;F;MZY9'VR
M'R#RE]R5%-N.T-'$R1:

3F((;!*
M#8HZNDYRS3V;3RCC;?6O-!.E*!C64M&TQ2(!3E!BR0D\C`B.V6I@C-:8CR


B;*-X+VB5.A&)!Y`'LA-!#J[)Q-D(N(*2KMJ!7IZ3]M

M6C+*-UIV4I=_A%Z



KRRCO.C(8%F!L#G`CH/
M8
)[#P6]&96&UC-F
::R6UB&8O/B0T1^6S8ID&7TV2T.1-W
@Q_6+L124'

H
ML1_:OMQ)T!T)S5MFV!KL


#_47^3MY371]6&2H'\*NQLA4*(*Q^


L?OV-BK

!KEB?-
=*HGG3-ZR@GC7^$K2L)YQ5RV\RB\&EC.`30WQT$(P*V/


NQ[
'[SGP



M

M58ZK(=-M6&CS_



5%'H
M4@(TS`ISX&[8*::=Q[VLW@SP
N_3
MX.)G%+@;EYG(^0<2[E(LB&&`^=?0,*'1U%*2^TV6IS-EIT^Q%0RJ]@46!Q/T
M;5:04Q-'M%\@4
G7%+W7-SR/82#6)=2@W^NF&-A#!
1JW*40(FP]57G`F#-

C?)+L\S=-Z88ZD







FA2'SMI;T_)+3GA28@LR0DZ#B:97WL!ZO
M:P-MOFW)RE$7OF4O<4BJ_WVFQ-

MDE+NZWA%04*+%N'G(*VNUV(R'
1TY=JVF$4U#=7
SQ=$5*4U.T-R.2UPY/A9






B(JIM`*X3&U+(%1+I7?=QZULLN98B^X^X*FB4].
M8&YZKHMDIDF(0HYP;IJV!83.%A#\ZV)8$%VEY2LD/#BI=2Y*FOCL*`1`[N-_
M#V(:;#

(

MV#SY1/F/(D\8)/7
J(8S7^:KV0RYU`K/-_/$B5.7&K$T?2_+')PG43&T08
M]4_@@)J&5.U;\;=J\K!:



IV[9*




:LOK2]I'J@
MX\OO);6]S$S?/S;UA;OB3.#*

MC3*/ECF`7'TM

M


.B8RJ;]PE)&DYJ

7UOG

G)!02@E7T/]
M)#OYWLR7Z?OX)WTEVRAGP.T.@1/NJFS7)2+GS\WJ


G82!1_5W

MJEJS:0`-(P5AXS2=!]`VLEGU*'A(-A6



30


AYFAM9=I
M'I%5^)E8
!N


UD;K6EE1@2

M.L4PTBGRT@[5`(

FJ2K[!'TTHQSZBQ_C[P41#/Y3`V


MWD?]5S?!(HG)7^/`]?Q





M]BHSG

GA:*7E@T^-57Q5A)I613*QLL(:HL9U%#1=%?_=*.:9













+



B5T
-I%[W/
=5WG_JJPQWT$T


$LJWV_EP-6MB&`HFL-414![@X?FJU7;VY


;1H%!*WI1!K\``Y$C%L:
]O'6#
;N






X<%/_IQD=
V)0]T




R1\?

XJ[I*\M9]K8+E=5=XJMVF'-?.C=@
M;G!-7IZMBNL/T0#J\M9(GDIP!E2/M_8VP2UN08.K]`(/7HVF,X1JO8W*(H8I
MMRQ)3WX0E\PX[<8<*E%PS`R]M;C$EQ`.W4`R8Q-L'&Z(524O.D94IS2?=?3

+3[%O3@A7L




M]2F+#+F!.


G20Z#2%.)C:&PF4I!H

M=U(5Y2/
YQT&DK&*NV0

L`]`SC=SI`62`+5;[9L^J,!J[NWA'RHD

M7[`03(:FAGN@#Q'(]RGV+RCV7

M5+&`6G4.]0)G@J8(S:EW[7ZCP[1$\=-FB
Z%D1#S^HIJ7GJOWI3
-YH@%WFO










KU*=


@;@'6D!:ON;:`!.

KS1*A:&TBEX=SW['


M0\UL
G$2-#4

$D=5#-`5D6%XB=`#

;0?


'KUYL57K]1+ENT

M6Q_J81
:3KKQF2[3EQF&\*U10P0J/
DQ64=^7.

M^K#%*7E$07KLVIV*
6I9DFX'@ZZOIO?*4^P\@G-YV\H0*'C
MD^MB-)V34TKS,J@*</5&[QT$N+<%2O/I(_B\8S&\PE

]B


M_6







@6

M8

F
TF=1&QALP!$.4PN


PCR6+@OG*KZQK\4K
M#!$!ZM)U


M7&1.Z]@)8[LB$(_E`HGR5T-R4YV5E7(XJ\?_]WD[L,SNPXPJ23P?JBBS-!9
M!G:`GJD[PURX53Q@Y^MQ)]UWJY'NSB


RU

EGK13FQ[1-TJPDE5=_6J_%%8M




/J
`S!K/;^R]ETUVQ^`-SM]=H+F)@O[KM7V`-`F

MV^[SKZT9:6M&VIJ1MF:DK1EI:T;:FI&V9F3/JFO9FI$2H_1LS4AUFH2M&=G'
MFI%'%N8V




MJMG


M`23M[HKK;2AV

7[E!\BZ-H%

$7





MA

MA*:7/2`W(5


?_F*X4W/K0]LVK??.9)6G2:R;6S.M




0Q

M1U&$74IH^B
M/$.?1H+I=[+81'&B?5R`?$/)0MF^3T+WQ8D0N?HFSL_O9(20





M

]%%A1^(*PE`6;GV`B\B


7W0IF_;(J%A]80Z=4!QS1$W


-2'KO.D8PP(_#(#
VBK;56=SR
#&EI]R%KZ+W1-_1JA=DC8\UK-^[L='L
MD`T&RJ`XL6<2USVTLD;UPU%8&_=6Y;LXW$R-A]A4IQ6Q*Z^74X4OZV+I*N
M(FB%X30<T5Z/4VUH$H-K.&*]%*ZZ(+0U2$23MR#M!@KF\)QHL*1UAZD213O5
MN\^7J_Z7DS0L4T:@*A_IGH6J-CM-0JJ1?S3$*



V8-X&S%L3U9JHUD2U`?
V8-X&
MS&LUG@9D958_.#9KGUJ#Z-6;4C\)YEZ,9K^9^*$A`%_.4%10NYP5BJL\E?$
MCJ)(W9N7LF8BUI5:[O]ZB7MW

MPB#Q

$%`````@`Q8A_1E@S6%AF$P```ML`

30Q
C


/-S?75S=_
M/3N[/3L+





M3JPU3+HJ99+DCTF9I/.SLZNV6QB2?XGQ)E5\49`BO4YHNC!0D$(N2&@Z


U4EBM-%0`PT[[7P_W[E1Y`F





4W!GH1!=
E@QLOA\


M
&(

#SLHI#%6)DZWPOBNNJ+DPL
M9=6-ST7I6C^%J$HK'TSOQ2=SCE\MTUIO71G]6=?_OVOJ`Q

:/

M

M&A681N]K]_'+8#IZG



8=_QXL[QZ8FL6U8NTV=]1JS
M[7@QI4N3+FLP)).D^EX:BZ?+(-JL#X.K_\JX*8RA5_D\C!H+ZX;2%K@6!$

<L`9G/ZV<DN;EY.)]?`V*YL05D9(9?
\?6KEP%
3(_
ML6


M

XN=MN#;*'[K_ECL(XE0J]9'8GO!?7@%7%

R

)-IG/3-BP;(8^YBY&!;
MCH
*[F3^I\R.1F



:LJC6KTNYJ/TXJLTGFY51FT[B9(^UCA'Q%\S?S12J
MJK`RV32+[+C$?



\!ZRX
LZMNA65S26SH7&;ZV2?$%\
M:_.;EM;EB2=6^1Y2*C&^`XVOM)!3M&Z*D-)YE%CAM)$

MG)'*&)(9V)@QB/5-UNS03`A5'_\(@M78\SR[*

MU(
[-*!%`TBT$+S`
K.\$TD-^




M^M(10

9&
:;V

Q!UVL4WKN*%)/90')5*+'M9D7
'
MW4%-X7C'&[FO[7#QP\/BY^6[IMY;87-)[&^F3IBL4M98#FA94K)A&2F*85/
M@

@1PLCM3N^UD




XE.#4?
)U.B.4QY3J3B)A1&


M#%#WL((]&*GL(2UW'+XM

M







M

5\1%EO

M#Z9E;P5\7N`H(
77A&5:68V-3GQ'A

9YATIMS=NHXJ7K%0WG:?T








@3/8?N


M$ZT=LZ'TLKK9SQ/ATPT!QV'P[2/FP

MOV\G=MPAA^X=#SY\:MO:BJPQ?/P/4$L!`AX#%`````@`Q8A_1E#!YJIC
0$`

C`Q-#$R

30Q
C
Q7V1E9BYX;6Q55`4`
M`T(



C`Q-#$R


6(?T98
UA89A
`

`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          















        
        
        
        


        
$ 59
942
144
$ 48
735
783
$ 41
034
013


        
        
2
692
877
721
670


        
1
742
186
1
028
880
707
505


        
(4
605
896)
(1
675
683)
454
480


        
48
224
1
026
231
1
284
161


        
$ (57
126
658)
$ (51
808
088)
$ (44
201
829)




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant
 and equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        






































802
756








131
880












679








018












500








064












028




















561








472












792








047












000




















938
316








907
481









        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        





























































































753








525








776










753








525








776







        
        










 
















































 net of federal

























































































































        
        









































942
144








735
783








034
013


















692
877








670










742
186








028
880








505










605
896








675
683








480










224








026
231








284
161










126
658








808
088








201
829

































        
        









































732
553








483
771








201
829










605
895








675
683


















126
658








808
088








201
829



































        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 typically including the nature of the uncertainty
 the event(s) that could cause a material change
 and an estimate of the range of the reasonably possible change or a statement that an estimate of the range cannot be made. An unrecognized tax benefit is the difference between a tax position taken in a tax return and the amounts recognized in the financial statements for which it is more likely than not
 based on the technical merits of the position
 that the tax position will not be sustained upon examination.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      


























        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 1
563
976
$ 978
352
$ 1
118
705
        
        
        


        
24
166
        
        
        
        
        


Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Share
 Granted
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
7
623
690
        
        
        
        
        


Exercisable at end of period
 shares
        
        
        
        
        
        


Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Share
 Granted
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
3
495
497
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
3
565
203
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
562
990
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
6
559
        
        
        
        


        
7
090
519
        
        
        
        
        


Exercisable at end of period
 shares
1
064
565
        
        
        
        
        


Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Share
 Granted
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
3
574
546
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
3
065
920
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
450
053
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Exercisable at end of period
 shares
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock options
 number of shares granted
        
        
        
624
223
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock options
 available for grant
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock options
 number of shares granted
        
        
        
        
2
146
320
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock options
 available for grant
        
        
2
220
280
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock options
 number of shares granted
        
        
        
        
        
1
479
200


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock options
 available for grant
943
198
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
71
669
90
614
107
067
        
        
        


Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 1
492
307
$ 887
738
$ 1
011
638
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 market condition or a performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards
 net of cancellations and forfeitures
 if applicable.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
$ 59
942
144
$ 48
735
783
$ 41
034
013


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
124
504
677
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Net operating loss carryforwards
 expiration year
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Net operating loss carryforwards
 expiration year
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
$ 162
996
989
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Net operating loss carryforwards
 expiration year
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Net operating loss carryforwards
 expiration year
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        































000
000 Revolving Note Payable




000
000




500
000 Revolving Note Payable






500
000












500
000
















000
000 Revolving Note Payable




000
000






500
000 Revolving Note Payable 






500
000






500
000 10% Note




500
000












000
000
















000
000 Credit Facilities






000
000






000
000 Credit Facilities 






000
000






000
000 Convertible Shareholder Note






000
000






000
000 Convertible Shareholder Note






000
000





















        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

 2014
 future minimum rentals due under these leases were as follows:























318












153












013












484









        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

 &#8211; Freshpet
 Inc. (hereafter referred to as &#8220;Freshpet&#8221; or the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 a Delaware corporation
 manufactures and markets natural fresh
 refrigerated meals and treats for dogs and cats. The Company&#8217;s products are distributed throughout the United States and Canada into major retail classes including Grocery and Mass (which includes club) as well as Pet specialty and Natural retail. 


 &#8211; The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
 as determined at a later date
 could differ from those estimates. 

 &#8211; The Company records trade accounts receivable at net realizable value. This value includes an appropriate allowance for estimated uncollectible accounts. On a periodic basis
 the Company evaluates its accounts receivable and establishes an allowance for doubtful accounts based on its history of write-offs and collections and current credit conditions. Accounts receivable are written off when management deems them to be uncollectible. 
 &#8211; Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market
 using the first-in
 first-out method. When necessary
 the Company provides allowances to adjust the carrying value of its inventories to the lower of cost or net realizable value
 including any costs to sell or dispose and consideration for obsolescence
 excessive inventory levels
 product deterioration and other factors in evaluating net realizable value. 
- Deferred offering costs
 which primarily consist of direct incremental legal and accounting fees relating to the initial public offering (&#8220;IPO&#8221;) of the Company&#8217;s common stock are capitalized. The deferred offering costs were offset against IPO proceeds upon the consummation of the offering. We closed our IPO on November&#160;13
 2014. 


 plant and equipment are recorded at cost. The Company provides for depreciation on the straight-line method by charges to income at rates based upon estimated recovery periods of 7 years for furniture and office equipment
 5 years for automotive equipment
 6 &#8211; 9 years for refrigeration equipment
 5 &#8211; 10 years for machinery and equipment
 and 15 &#8211; 39 years for building and improvements. Capitalized cost includes the costs incurred to bring the property
 plant and equipment to the condition and location necessary for its intended use
 which includes any necessary delivery
 electrical and installation cost for equipment. Maintenance and repairs that do not extend the useful life of the assets over two years are charged to expense as incurred. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the term of the related lease or the estimated useful lives on the straight-line method. 
 &#8211; The Company evaluates all long-lived assets for impairment. Long-lived assets are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to estimated undiscounted future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated undiscounted future net cash flows
 an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. Recoverability of assets held for sale is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset or asset group to their fair value less estimated costs to sell. Estimating future cash flows and calculating fair value of assets requires significant estimates and assumptions by management. If the carrying amount is not fully recoverable
 an impairment loss is recognized to reduce the carry amount to fair value
 and is charged to expense in the period of impairment. 
&#8211; The Company provides for deferred income taxes for temporary differences between financial and income tax reporting
 principally net operating loss carryforwards
 depreciation
 and share-based compensation. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. 

 the deferred tax asset will not be realized. At December&#160;31
 2014 and 2013
 the Company determined that a valuation allowance of approximately 100% is appropriate. 
&#8211; Revenue from product sales is recognized upon shipment to the customers as terms are free on board (FOB) shipping point
 at which point title and risk of loss is transferred and the selling price is fixed or determinable. This completes the revenue-earning process specifically that an arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred
 ownership has transferred
 the price is fixed and collectability is reasonably assured. A provision for payment discounts and product return allowances
 which is estimated based upon the Company&#8217;s historical performance
 management&#8217;s experience and current economic trends
 is recorded as a reduction of sales in the same period that the revenue is recognized. 

 consisting primarily of customer pricing allowances and merchandising funds
 and consumer coupons are offered through various programs to customers and consumers. Sales are recorded net of estimated trade incentive spending
 which is recognized as incurred at the time of sale. Accruals for expected payouts under these programs are included as accrued expense in the consolidated balance sheet. Coupon redemption costs are also recognized as reductions of net sales when the coupons are issued. Estimates of trade promotion expense and coupon redemption costs are based upon programs offered
 timing of those offers
 estimated redemption/usage rates from historical performance
 management&#8217;s experience and current economic trends. 
 &#8211; Advertising costs
 consisting primarily of media ads
 are expensed as incurred. Advertising costs in 2014
 2013
 and 2012 were $14
231
930
 $12
037
402
 and $10
666
163 respectively. 
 &#8211; Costs incurred for shipping and handling are included in selling
 general
 and administrative expenses within the statement of operations and comprehensive loss. Shipping and handling costs primarily consist of costs associated with moving finished products to customers
 including costs associated with distribution center and the cost of shipping products to customers through third-party carriers. Shipping and handling cost totaled $9
447
406
 $6
872
953
 and $5
170
367 for the years ended 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively. 
 &#8211; The Company recognizes share based compensation based on the value of the portion of share-based payment awards that is ultimately expected to vest during the period. Share-based compensation expense recognized in the statement of operations included compensation expense for share based payment awards granted subsequent to December&#160;31
 2006
 based on the grant date fair value estimated. Share awards are amortized under the straight-line method over the requisite service period of the entire award. The Company uses historical data to estimate pre-vesting option forfeitures and record stock based compensation expense only for those awards that are expected to vest. To the extent actual forfeitures differ from the estimates
 the difference will be recorded as a cumulative adjustment in the period that the estimates are revised. 

 whichever is more reliably measurable. 
 &#8211; Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) guidance specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based on whether the inputs to those valuation techniques are observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources
 while unobservable inputs reflect market assumptions. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurement) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurement). 















 either directly or indirectly (e.g.
 quoted prices of similar assets or liabilities in active markets
 or quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active). Level 2 includes financial instruments that are valued using models or other valuation methodologies. 







 discounted cash flows or similar techniques and at least one significant model assumption or input is unobservable. 

 other receivables
 accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate their fair value based on the short-term maturity of these instruments. The warrant liability is recorded at fair value with changes in fair value reflected in the statement of operations and comprehensive loss. 

 2014
 the Company only maintained Level 1 assets and liabilities.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 parent and subsidiary relationships
 business divisions
 business units
 business segments
 affiliates and information about significant ownership of the reporting entity. Accounting policies describe all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        















 2014 (date of conversion)&#160;




683
790






 net of issuance costs (1)&#160;&#160;




341
539






 2013




672
925










014
643










654
683











 net of issuance costs
 by the company from Series C investors throughout the life of the security.




        
          

        
          
            

 including paid and unpaid dividends.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Property
 Plant and Equipment - Additional Information (Details) (USD $)

        
        
        
        

      


























        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 6
424
813
$ 5
945
077
$ 4
728
005
        
        
        


Cost of goods sold
 depreciation and amortization
2
453
883
2
204
282
803
654
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Restructuring and Related Cost
 Accelerated Depreciation
        
        
        
827
370
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
(1
800
000)
        
        
        
        
        


Refrigeration Equipment | Scenario
 Forecast
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
(2
000
000)


Refrigeration Equipment | Scenario
 Previously Reported
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 6
356
736
$ 5
945
077
$ 4
593
668
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment directly related to goods produced and sold during the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      


















        
        
        
        
        
        


Cumulative dividend accretion at December 31
 2013
$ (19
687
856)
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Fair value per Series C share on November 13
 2014 (date of conversion)
        
        
        
        
166
683
790


Cash proceeds received
 net of issuance costs
(64
341
539)
        
        
        
        


Cumulative dividend accretion at December 31
 2013
(12
672
925)
        
        
        
        


        
(7
014
643)
        
(4
380
274)
(4
315
396)
        


        
$ 82
654
683
        
        
        
        

      
        

      



              

 net of issuance costs








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
        
        


        
$ 36
259
252
$ 2
444
754


Accounts receivable
 less allowance for doubtful accounts of $359
425 on December 31
 2014 and $243
777 on December 31
 2013
5
360
400
3
497
596


Inventories
 net
7
314
151
5
512
225


        
1
291
379
173
786


        
50
225
182
11
628
361


Property
 plant and equipment
 net
57
825
961
48
764
032


        
2
883
234
1
183
209


        
1
527
483
1
041
622


        
112
461
860
62
617
224


        
        
        


        
5
423
905
6
286
720


        
2
938
316
1
907
481


        
8
362
221
8
194
201


        
        
        


        
        
1
112
312


        
        
75
000
000


        
        
7
140
136


        
        
667
110


        
706
940
369
564


        
9
069
161
92
483
323


        
        
        


        
        
        


Common stock&#x2014;voting
 $0.001 par value
 200
000
000 and 54
000
000 shares authorized
 33
468
342 and 10
421
419 issued and outstanding on December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
33
468
10
421


        
288
216
882
16
450
175


        
(184
857
651)
(147
518
634)


        
103
392
699
(131
058
038)


        
112
461
860
62
617
224


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
30
728
450


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
$ 70
463
489




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment
 net.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 capital in excess of par
 capital surplus
 or paid-in capital.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to
 trade payables.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -Paragraph 22
 23
 24
 25
 26
 27
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer (current maturities). Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding current portion.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent assets are expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 attributable to parent and noncontrolling interests
 of an entity's issued and outstanding stock which is not included within permanent equity. Temporary equity is a security with redemption features that are outside the control of the issuer
 is not classified as an asset or liability in conformity with GAAP
 and is not mandatorily redeemable. Includes any type of security that is redeemable at a fixed or determinable price or on a fixed or determinable date or dates
 is redeemable at the option of the holder
 or has conditions for redemption which are not solely within the control of the issuer. Includes stock with a put option held by an ESOP and stock redeemable by a holder only in the event of a change in control of the issuer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          















        
        
        
        


        
$ 61
732
553
$ 53
483
771
$ 44
201
829


        
(4
605
895)
(1
675
683)
        


        
$ (57
126
658)
$ (51
808
088)
$ (44
201
829)




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
        
4
932


        
        
4
438


        
7
952
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Risk-free interest rate
 minimum
        
        
        


Risk-free interest rate
 maximum
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if any
 over the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        















































212
966








731
873








985
199






 Natural and Other (2)






551
146








418
903








534
262












764
112








150
776








519
461






















        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a benchmark to which it is compared
 and the percentage that the risk is to the benchmark.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      






























































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 24
508
205
$ 22
519
672
$ 20
386
038
$ 19
350
197
$ 17
720
322
$ 16
698
903
$ 14
846
366
$ 13
885
185
$ 12
373
649
$ 11
226
549
$ 10
536
726
$ 9
382
537
$ 86
764
112
        
$ 63
150
776
        
$ 43
519
461
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
65
212
966
        
49
731
873
        
33
985
199
        


Pet Specialty
 Natural and Other
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
$ 21
551
146
        
$ 13
418
903
        
$ 9
534
262
        

      
        

      



              
              


              
              







        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


900
444 in 2014
 and $6
146
245 in 2013
 and $4
882
534 in 2012. Payments made to stockholders for the purchase of raw materials totaled approximately $5
545
835 in 2014
 $4
658
118 in 2013
 and $3
059
658 in 2012. In addition there were payments of $175
399 in 2014
  $678
371 in 2013
 and $707
686 in 2012
 related to rent and associated utilities and maintenance to a stockholder who is also a landlord of one of our locations. The rent and associated utilities and maintenance cost were at market rates. None of the above payments were made to any stockholder who is an employee
 board member
 subsidiary
 or affiliate of the Company. 

500
000 revolving note payable
 certain stockholders were guarantors of the note. The agreement stipulated that the Company will pay each guarantor a contingent fee equal to 10%&#160;per annum of the amount that each guarantor committed to guarantee. Upon consummation of the IPO
 the fees on debt guarantee were paid in the form of Series C shares. See note 11 for further detail. 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

 2014
 2013
 and 2012 were as follows: 












































































350
197








386
038








519
672








508
205












301
404








328
420








338
419








551












142
223








266
803








483
241








446
750












485
640








771
077








380
254








642
922
































































































885
185








846
366








698
903








720
322












147
240








205
977








182
320








845
139












719
104








253
194








495
643








219
214












751
248








364
129








647
369








519
913
































































































382
537








536
726








226
549








373
649












104
712








517
450








671
886








453
143












388
417








178
740








017
866








071
475












342
042








151
618








020
532








095
754
























































































        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including revenues
 gross profit
 income (loss) before extraordinary items and cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


 2014
 2013
 and 2012 were as follows: 












































































350
197








386
038








519
672








508
205












301
404








328
420








338
419








551












142
223








266
803








483
241








446
750












485
640








771
077








380
254








642
922
































































































885
185








846
366








698
903








720
322












147
240








205
977








182
320








845
139












719
104








253
194








495
643








219
214












751
248








364
129








647
369








519
913
































































































382
537








536
726








226
549








373
649












104
712








517
450








671
886








453
143












388
417








178
740








017
866








071
475












342
042








151
618








020
532








095
754
























































































        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including revenues
 gross profit
 income or loss before extraordinary items and earnings per share data. It also includes an indication if the information in the note is unaudited
 comments on the aggregate effect of year-end adjustments
 and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability or are pertinent to an understanding of the information furnished.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
$ (37
339
017)
$ (21
687
155)
$ (18
656
498)


        
        
        
        


        
8
092
202
653
157
306


        
308
707
503
436
332
877


        
25
937
048
5
244
700
1
895
436


        
1
563
976
978
352
1
118
705


        
337
376
        
        


        
        
        
33
521


        
(112
835)
150
540
(188
007)


        
6
424
813
5
945
077
4
728
005


        
916
322
238
925
105
028


        
        
        
        


        
(1
870
896)
(921
772)
(1
599
443)


        
(1
689
091)
(1
838
836)
(758
428)


        
(1
101
899)
(29
530)
(33
221)


        
(72
660)
(139
094)
(63
891)


        
(1
608
213)
290
770
2
747
074


        
271
975
(179
268)
1
465
611


        
(8
026
302)
(11
241
202)
(8
715
925)


        
        
        
        


Acquisitions of property
 plant and equipment
 software and deposits on equipment
(17
130
947)
(24
643
016)
(26
395
114)


        
253
510
        
89
428


        
(16
877
437)
(24
643
016)
(26
305
686)


        
        
        
        


        
11
500
000
32
000
000
33
000
000


        
(88
000
000)
        
        


        
(34
998
957)
        
        


        
(739
469)
(334
818)
(340
418)


Proceeds from shares of common stock issued in initial public offering
 net of issuance costs
164
405
679
        
        


        
        
49
889
        


        
6
550
984
4
980
652
1
103
218


        
58
718
237
36
695
723
33
762
800


        
        
        
23
829


        
33
814
498
811
505
(1
234
982)


CASH AND EQUIVALENTS
 BEGINNING OF YEAR
2
444
754
1
633
249
2
868
231


CASH AND EQUIVALENTS
 END OF PERIOD
36
259
252
2
444
754
1
633
249


        
        
        
        


        
4
702
333
2
926
355
1
466
346


        
        
        
        


        
93
940
876
8
595
504
7
953
448


Property
 plant and equipment purchases in accounts payable
$ 983
959
$ 249
356
$ 3
459
680




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment assets
 excluding oil and gas property and timber property.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 other noncurrent assets
 or a combination of other current and noncurrent assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 for example
 deferred expenses
 intangible assets
 or income taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 generally attributable to obsolescence or market conditions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which will be amortized over the remaining maturity period of the associated long-term debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment (capital expenditures)
 software
 and other intangible assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 accounts receivable and notes receivable.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
$ 359
425
$ 243
777


Common stock
 par value
        
        


Common stock
 shares authorized
200
000
000
54
000
000


Common stock
 shares issued
33
468
342
10
421
419


Common stock
 shares outstanding
33
468
342
10
421
419


        
        
        


Redeemable preferred stock
 par value
        
        


Redeemable preferred stock
 shares authorized
250
000
250
000


Redeemable preferred stock
 shares issued
        
112
160


Redeemable preferred stock
 shares outstanding
        
112
160


        
        
        


Redeemable preferred stock
 par value
        
        


Redeemable preferred stock
 shares authorized
20
000
000
15
000
000


Redeemable preferred stock
 shares issued
        
11
238
098


Redeemable preferred stock
 shares outstanding
        
11
238
098




        
          

        
          
            

 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 is not classified as an asset or liability in conformity with GAAP
 and is not mandatorily redeemable.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 is not classified as an asset or liability in conformity with GAAP
 and is not mandatorily redeemable. Includes any type of security that is redeemable at a fixed or determinable price or on a fixed or determinable date or dates
 is redeemable at the option of the holder
 or has conditions for redemption which are not solely within the control of the issuer. If convertible
 the issuer does not control the actions or events necessary to issue the maximum number of shares that could be required to be delivered under the conversion option if the holder exercises the option to convert the stock to another class of equity. If the security is a warrant or a rights issue
 the warrant or rights issue is considered to be temporary equity if the issuer cannot demonstrate that it would be able to deliver upon the exercise of the option by the holder in all cases. Includes stock with put option held by ESOP and stock redeemable by holder only in the event of a change in control of the issuer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 is not classified as an asset or liability in conformity with GAAP
 and is not mandatorily redeemable. Includes any type of security that is redeemable at a fixed or determinable price or on a fixed or determinable date or dates
 is redeemable at the option of the holder
 or has conditions for redemption which are not solely within the control of the issuer. If convertible
 the issuer does not control the actions or events necessary to issue the maximum number of shares that could be required to be delivered under the conversion option if the holder exercises the option to convert the stock to another class of equity. If the security is a warrant or a rights issue
 the warrant or rights issue is considered to be temporary equity if the issuer cannot demonstrate that it would be able to deliver upon the exercise of the option by the holder in all cases. Includes stock with put option held by ESOP and stock redeemable by holder only in the event of a change in control of the issuer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 is not classified as an asset or liability in conformity with GAAP
 and is not mandatorily redeemable. Includes any type of security that is redeemable at a fixed or determinable price or on a fixed or determinable date or dates
 is redeemable at the option of the holder
 or has conditions for redemption which are not solely within the control of the issuer. If convertible
 the issuer does not control the actions or events necessary to issue the maximum number of shares that could be required to be delivered under the conversion option if the holder exercises the option to convert the stock to another class of equity. If the security is a warrant or a rights issue
 the warrant or rights issue is considered to be temporary equity if the issuer cannot demonstrate that it would be able to deliver upon the exercise of the option by the holder in all cases. Includes stock with put option held by ESOP and stock redeemable by holder only in the event of a change in control of the issuer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


 and in consideration thereof
 the Company issued to a bank a warrant to purchase up to an aggregate of 61
117 shares of voting common stock of the Company at a purchase price of $6.28 per share. In the event the Company issues additional equity instruments at a purchase price or exercise price lower than the warrant exercise price
 such exercise price shall be adjusted. This warrant was recorded as a liability with adjustments to fair value recorded in the statement of operations. 

 on a net basis
 such that
 without the exchange of any funds
 such holder purchases that number of shares otherwise issuable upon exercise of its warrant less that number of shares having a current market price at the time of exercise equal to the aggregate exercise price that would otherwise have been paid by such holder upon the exercise of the warrant. 

 2014 was $706
940.




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

  2014
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

 INC.
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        
33
470
732
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


500
000 revolving note payable (see note 7)
 the Company entered into a Fee and Reimbursement Agreement with certain stockholders who were also guarantors of the note. That agreement stipulated that the Company would pay each guarantor a contingent fee equal to 10%&#160;per annum of the amount that each guarantor had committed to guarantee. The payment was to be made in the form of newly issued shares of Series C Preferred Stock at the price of $5.25 per share. The fee accrued only from and after the date that the Guarantor entered into the Guarantee
 and if at any time any Guarantor&#8217;s obligation was terminated in full or in part
 the Fee would continue to accrue only with respect to the amount
 if any of such Guarantor&#8217;s remaining commitment under the Credit Agreement. The fee was contingent in that it would become due and payable only if all principal and interest under the credit agreement had been repaid and a Change of Control had occurred. A Change of Control was defined as any sale
 merger
 consolidation
 share exchange
 business combination
 equity issuance
 or other transaction or series of related transactions
 specifically excluding public offerings
 which result in the stockholders immediately prior to the transaction(s) owning collectively less than 50% of the voting control immediately following the transaction(s); or (ii)&#160;any sale
 lease
 exchange
 transfer
 or other disposition of substantially all of the assets
 taken as a whole
 in a single transaction or series of transactions
 excluding sales in the ordinary course of business
 sale/leaseback and corporate restructuring transactions. 

 the Company converted outstanding fees under the guarantee into 2
477
756 shares of Series C
 which were then converted into 1
832
531 shares of common stock. 


 and then subsequently into common stock
 the share price of the Company&#8217;s common stock was utilized to fair value the fees on debt guarantee and record the final fees on debt guarantee. 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or each group of similar guarantee obligations
 including (a) the nature of the guarantee
 including its term
 how it arose
 and the events or circumstances that would require the guarantor to perform under the guarantee; (b) the maximum potential amount of future payments (undiscounted) the guarantor could be required to make under the guarantee; (c) the current carrying amount of the liability
 if any
 for the guarantor's obligations under the guarantee; and (d) the nature of any recourse provisions under the guarantee
 and any assets held either as collateral or by third parties
 and any relevant related party disclosure. Excludes disclosures about product warranties.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
$ 86
764
112
$ 63
150
776
$ 43
519
461


        
44
545
637
35
957
835
22
881
333


        
42
218
475
27
192
941
20
638
128


SELLING
 GENERAL
 AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES
48
636
167
39
573
617
35
385
319


        
(6
417
692)
(12
380
676)
(14
747
191)


        
        
        
        


        
(328
793)
(537
812)
(343
212)


        
(25
937
048)
(5
244
700)
(1
895
436)


        
(4
613
731)
(3
492
442)
(1
637
883)


Other Expenses
 Total
(30
879
572)
(9
274
954)
(3
876
531)


        
(37
297
264)
(21
655
630)
(18
623
722)


        
41
753
31
525
32
776


        
(37
339
017)
(21
687
155)
(18
656
498)


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
23
829


        
(37
339
017)
(21
687
155)
(18
632
669)


        
$ (131
279
893)
$ (30
282
659)
$ (26
609
946)


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
13
632
042
10
415
014
10
413
467


        
13
632
042
10
415
014
10
413
467




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after income or loss from equity method investments
 but before income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
              
 -Subparagraph (b
c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating expense recognized during the period. Such amounts may include: (a) unusual costs
 (b) loss on foreign exchange transactions
 (c) losses on securities (net of profits)
 and (d) miscellaneous other expense items.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating income (expense) recognized for the period. Such amounts may include: (a) dividends
 (b) interest on securities
 (c) net gains or losses on securities
 (d) unusual costs
 (e) gains or losses on foreign exchange transactions
 and (f) miscellaneous other income and expense items.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        































































































753








525








776










753








525








776






 California
 Indiana
 Pennsylvania and Texas. The Company is no longer subject to U.S. Federal income tax examinations for year ends prior to 2011. With limited exceptions
 the Company is no longer subject to state income tax examinations for year ends prior to 2010. 










 
















































 net of federal































































































































































942
144








735
783








034
013


















692
877








670










742
186








028
880








505










605
896








675
683








480










224








026
231








284
161










126
658








808
088








201
829































 the Company considers all relevant positive and negative evidence to determine whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred income tax assets will not be realized. The realization of the gross deferred tax assets is dependent on several factors
 including the generation of sufficient taxable income prior to the expiration of the net operating loss carryforwards. The Company believes that it is more likely than not that the Company&#8217;s deferred income tax assets will not be realized. The Company has experienced taxable losses from inception. As such
 there was a full valuation allowance against the net deferred tax assets as of December&#160;31
 2014 and 2013. 

 2014
 the Company had federal net operating loss (&#8220;NOL&#8221;) carryforwards of $162
996
989 which expire between 2025 and 2034. The Company may be subject to certain limitations in its annual utilization of net operating loss carryforwards to off-set future taxable income pursuant to Section&#160;382 of the Internal Revenue Code
 which could result in NOLs expiring unused. At December&#160;31
 2014
 the Company had $124
504
677 of State NOLs which expire between 2015 and 2034. 

 measure
 recognize and disclose any uncertain income tax provisions taken on their income tax returns. The Company has analyzed its tax positions and has concluded that as of December&#160;31
 2014
 there were no uncertain positions. Interest and penalties
 if any
 as they relate to income taxes assessed
 are included in the income tax provision. There was no income tax related interest and penalties included in the income tax provision for 2014
 2013
 and 2012. 









































732
553








483
771








201
829










605
895








675
683


















126
658








808
088








201
829



































        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Property
 Plant and Equipment

        

      






        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
        

 Plant and Equipment: 

 plant and equipment
 net are summarized as follows: 





































789
991








649
423












677
778








767
207












985
917








892
291












826
249








727
248












962








474
741












941
754








274












885








930












164
536








968
114












338
575








204
082












825
961








764
032





 plant and equipment totaled approximately $6
356
736
 $5
945
077 and $4
593
668 for the years ended December&#160;31
&#160;2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively; of which $2
453
883
 $2
204
282 and $803
654 was recorded in cost of goods sold for 2014
&#160;2013 and 2012
 respectively; with the remainder of depreciation and amortization expense being recorded to selling
 general and administrative expense. 

 the Company made a decision to exit its leased manufacturing facility in Quakertown
 Pennsylvania. The Company recognized accelerated depreciation of approximately $827
370 during 2013 related to the facility assets that were not going to be redeployed at the Company&#8217;s manufacturing facility. These assets were written down to their net realizable value and sold during 2014. The proceeds received from the sale of assets were less than the book value of the assets. 

 the Company completed the construction of a manufacturing facility in Bethlehem
 Pennsylvania. The costs associated with this facility were reclassified from construction in progress to depreciable assets during 2013 when the facility was ready for its intended use. 

 2014
 the Company completed a project to analyze the estimated future years of service on its existing refrigeration equipment. Based on this analysis
 the Company estimates that the useful life of its refrigeration equipment increased from 6 to 9 years. The Company will apply this change in estimate prospectively
 which reduced depreciation by approximately $1.8 million in 2014 and will reduce depreciation by approximately $2.0 million for 2015. The useful life of the other classes of property
 plant and equipment remains unchanged. 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

&#8212;The Company maintains its cash balances in financial institutions which are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250
000 each. At times
 such balances may be in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. 
 &#8211; In 2014
 2013
 and 2012 net sales to one of our distributors which sells directly to three of our customers &#8211; accounted for 22% 28%
 and 20% of our net sales
 respectively. In 2014
 no customer accounted for more than 10% of our net sales while in 2013 and 2012 one customer accounted for 11% and 14%
 respectively
 of our net sales. 
&#8211;The Company purchased approximately 54% of its raw materials from three vendors during 2014
 approximately 56% of its raw materials from three vendors during 2013
 and approximately 58% of its raw materials from three vendors during 2012. 

 approximately 78% from three vendors in 2013
 and approximately 76% from three vendors in 2012. 

 2014
 and approximately 67% of its packaging material from three vendors during the twelve months ended December&#160;31
 2013. 















































212
966








731
873








985
199






 Natural and Other (2)






551
146








418
903








534
262












764
112








150
776








519
461






















        
          

        
          
            

 near-term
 severe impact. This disclosure informs financial statement users about the general nature of the risk associated with the concentration
 and may indicate the percentage of concentration risk as of the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


 2014
 2013
 and 2012 was approximately $1
563
976
 $978
352
 and $1
118
705
 respectively. Cost of goods sold the year ended December&#160;31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012 included share based compensation of approximately $71
669
 $90
614
 and $107
067
 respectively. Selling
 general
 and administrative expense for the year ended December&#160;31
 2014
 2013
 and 2012 included share-based compensation of approximately $1
492
307
 $887
738
 and $1
011
638
 respectively. 

&#8212;In December 2006
 the Company approved the 2006 Stock Plan (the &#8220;2006 Plan&#8221;) under which options to purchase approximately 624
223 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock were granted to employees and affiliates of the Company. These options vest over 5 years. Certain option awards provide for accelerated vesting if there is a change in control (as defined in the 2006 Plan). At December&#160;31
 2014
 there were zero shares available for grant as the plan is frozen. The options granted have maximum contractual terms ranging from 5 to 10 years. 
&#8212;In December 2010
 the Company approved the 2010 Stock Plan (the &#8220;2010 Plan&#8221;) under which options to purchase approximately 2
146
320 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock were granted to employees and affiliates of the Company (in 2012
 the 2010 Plan was amended to allow for option to purchase approximately 2
220
280 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock). These options are either time-based (vest over 4 years)
 performance-based (vest when performance targets are met
 as defined in the stock option grant agreement)
 or vest at the occurrence of an exit event which is defined as a Change of Control in the Company or an initial public offering registered under the Securities Act
 as defined in the stock grant agreement. 

 2014
 the Company made modifications that affected all performance-based awards and all exit-event awards under the 2010 Plan. Performance-based awards were modified to time vested awards that cliff vest over two years. At the time of modification the original performance-based awards vesting criteria was not considered probable. The exit-event awards were modified to performance-based awards. At December&#160;31
 2014 the new performance-based awards vesting criteria is considered probable. The modified awards were fair valued on the modification date. 

&#8212;In November 2014
 the Company approved the 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the &#8220;2014 Plan&#8221;) under which 1
479
200 shares of common stock may be issued or used for reference purposes as awards granted under the 2014 Plan. These awards may be in the form of stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock
 as well as other stock based and cash based awards. As of December&#160;31
 2014
 the stock options granted were either time-based (cliff vest over 3 years) or performance-based (vest when performance targets are met
 as defined in the stock option grant agreement). 

 the Company issued restricted stock units to the board of directors as compensation for their services. The fair value of restricted stock units is based on the share price on the date of grant. These restricted stock units vest over one year
 but are not delivered until the end of the year. The Company will settle these awards by common stock transfer. During 2014 there were 24
166 restricted stock units granted.

 2014
 there were 943
198 shares of common stock available to be issued or used for reference purposes under the 2014 Plan. 
A summary of service period stock options outstanding and changes under the plans during the year ended December&#160;31
 2014 is presented below: 


































 2012






095
412








































































953




































719






























 2013






082
740




































585




































753






































































































 2014






018
337
























391
809






 2014






064
565
























914
048





 2013 was $6
559. 

 2014
 and changes during the year ended December&#160;31
 2014
 is presented below: 






















 2013






234




















585 




















753 




















059


































 2014






772













 2014
 there is approximately $7
090
519 of total unrecognized compensation costs related to non-vested service period options
 of which $3
574
546 will be incurred in 2015
 $3
065
920 will be incurred in 2016
 and the remaining $450
053 will be incurred in 2017. 
Performance based option vesting is contingent upon the Company achieving certain annual or cumulative revenue goals. A summary of performance-based stock options outstanding and changes under the plans during the year ended December&#160;31
 2014 is presented below: 


































 2012






942




































094




































283






























 2013






753




































585




































693




































753






























 2014






278
























078
163





 2014
 2013
 or 2012. A summary of the nonvested performance-based options as of December&#160;31
 2014
 and changes during the year ended December&#160;31
 2014
 is presented below: 






















 2014






753 




















585 




















693 




















753














 2014






278













 2014
 there is approximately $7
623
690 of total unrecognized compensation costs related to non-vested performance based options
 which would be recognized if and when the contingent vesting criteria is met. Assuming all contingent vesting criteria is met each year
 $3
495
497 will be incurred in 2015
 $3
565
203 will be incurred in 2016
 and $562
990 will be incurred in 2017. As of December&#160;31
 2014
 the achievement of the vesting criteria is considered probable. 
Exit event option vesting is contingent upon an the occurrence of an exit event
 which results from a Change of Control in the Company or an Initial Public Offering of the Company&#8217;s common stock under the Securities Act
 as defined in the option grant agreement. A summary of exit event stock options outstanding and changes under the plans during the year ended December&#160;31
 2014 is presented below: 


































 2012






508




































177




































761






























 2013






924




































231




































693






























 2014



































 2013
 or 2012. A summary of the nonvested service period stock options as of December&#160;31
 2014
 and changes during the year ended December&#160;31
 2014
 is presented below: 






















 2014






924 




















231




















693














 2014


















&#8212;The weighted average grant date fair value of options (service period options and performance based options) granted and modified during the year ended December&#160;31
 2014 was $8.35 per share. The weighted average grant date fair value of options granted during the year ended December&#160;31
 2013 and December&#160;31
 2012 were $5.40 and 5.55&#160;per share
 respectively. 
- For the grants during the year ended December&#160;31
 2013 the expected volatility was based on the historical volatility of the Company&#8217;s common stock. 

 2014 all occurred while the Company was publicly traded. Subsequent to the Company&#8217;s IPO on November&#160;6
 2014
 the Company no longer deemed it appropriate to use its historical volatility as the historical volatility was not representative of the Company&#8217;s stock on the public market. As such the expected volatility used is based upon the volatility of a group of similar entities
 referred to as &#8220;guideline&#8221; companies. The Company considered factors such as industry
 stage of life cycle and size in considering these &#8220;guideline&#8221; companies.
- The Company determined the expected term based on the &#8220;shortcut method&#8221; described in FASB ASC 718
 Compensation &#8211; 

The Company has not historically declared dividends
 and no future dividends are expected to be available to benefit option holders. Accordingly
 the Company used an expected dividend yield of zero in the valuation model. 


























































































































































        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

&#8211; The Company leases office and manufacturing space under non-cancelable operating leases that expire at various dates through January&#160;31
 2017. As of December&#160;31
 2014
 future minimum rentals due under these leases were as follows: 























318












153












013












484





438
 $481
269
 and $326
523 for the years 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively. 





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which includes operating lease arrangements and arrangements in which the entity has agreed to expend funds to procure goods or services
 or has agreed to commit resources to supply goods or services
 and operating lease arrangements. Descriptions may include identification of the specific goods and services
 period of time covered
 minimum quantities and amounts
 and cancellation rights.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      






























































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
$ (16
446
750)
        
$ (9
483
241)
        
$ (6
266
803)
        
$ (5
142
223)
        
$ (5
219
214)
$ (6
495
643)
$ (5
253
194)
$ (4
719
104)
$ (4
071
475)
$ (6
017
866)
$ (4
178
740)
$ (4
388
417)
$ (37
339
017)
$ (21
687
155)
$ (18
656
498)


        
(100
642
922)
        
(12
380
254)
        
(10
771
077)
        
(7
485
640)
        
(7
519
913)
(8
647
369)
(7
364
129)
(6
751
248)
(6
095
754)
(8
020
532)
(6
151
618)
(6
342
042)
(131
279
893)
(30
282
659)
(26
609
946)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(11
286
193)
(8
595
504)
(7
953
448)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
$ (82
654
683)
        
        

      
        

      



              
              







        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        







































802
756








131
880












679








018












500








064












028




















561








472












792








047












000




















938
316








907
481









        
          

        
          
            

 accrued expenses
 and other liabilities that are classified as current at the end of the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



 2014
 the Company had no outstanding debt.  The recorded carrying values of our debt balances approximate fair value given our debt is at variable rates tied to market indicators or is short-term in nature. A detailed cash flow related to debt throughout 2014 is summarized in the table below:






























000
000 Revolving Note Payable




000
000




500
000 Revolving Note Payable






500
000












500
000
















000
000 Revolving Note Payable




000
000






500
000 Revolving Note Payable 






500
000






500
000 10% Note




500
000












000
000
















000
000 Credit Facilities






000
000






000
000 Credit Facilities 






000
000






000
000 Convertible Shareholder Note






000
000






000
000 Convertible Shareholder Note






000
000


















 2014 and 2013.







500
000 10% Note 

500
000 of notes issued to certain of its stockholders which accrued interest compounded annually at a rate of 10%. These notes and all accrued interest were initially due on December&#160;23
 2020. Upon consummation of the IPO
 the $1
500
000 10% note and accrued interest of $854
925 were repaid
 and the debt was extinguished. The accrued interest totaled $667
110 at December&#160;31
 2013. 

 for every $16.39 that was borrowed with the notes
 one share of common stock was issued to the lender. As a result
 91
528 shares of common stock were issued and fair value of the stock at issuance
 $6.56 a share
 was recorded as a discount to the debt. The unamortized discount equaled $387
688 at December&#160;31
 2013. Upon repayment of the note
 the entire unamortized discount was recorded as interest expense in the statement of operations and comprehensive loss. 







000
000 Revolving Note Payable 

000
000 revolving note payable initially matured on October&#160;31
 2015. Upon consummation of the IPO
 the outstanding $24
000
000 and accrued interest of $198
084 was repaid. The terms of the $27
000
000 revolving note payable were modified to the $40
000
000 Credit Facilities. See section &#8220;d&#8221; below. 

 depending on the election of the Company. Base Rate was defined as the rate of interest publicly quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the &#8220;base rate on corporate loans posted by at least 75% of the nation&#8217;s 30 largest banks.&#8221; If the Company elected to utilize the LIBOR Rate
 it could elect to use a 1
 2
 or 3 month LIBOR Rate with the interest payable upon the last day of the interest period applicable to the Company&#8217;s LIBOR rate election. Interest for the Base Rate loan was payable monthly with the balance of any outstanding advances due at maturity. An unused line of credit fee of 1%
 payable monthly
 was charged for any portion of the line that was not used
 unless at least $3 million was kept on deposit with the bank. 

000
000 at December&#160;31
 2013
 and reached total borrowings of $24
000
000 during 2014 prior to repayment.  







500
000 Revolving Note Payable 

500
000 revolving line of credit agreement initially had a maturity date of May&#160;1
 2016. Upon consummation of the IPO
 $62
500
000 and accrued interest of $198
469 was paid off
 and the debt was extinguished. Upon extinguishment
 the Company recorded the unamortized loan origination fees of $311
458 as interest expense in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss. 

 plus 3.25%) or a Base Rate (Base Rate plus 2.25%). Base rate was defined as the greater of the Prime Rate on the date of the borrowing and the Federal Funds Effective Rate plus 0.5%. Interest on Base Rate Loans were payable monthly
 LIBOR Rate loans were payable at the end of the selected interest rate. This note payable was subordinated to the $15
000
000 revolving note payable except for the first mortgage on the Bethlehem
 Pennsylvania property. The loan agreement provided for the maintenance of certain financial covenants. The Company was in compliance with these requirements throughout the term of the borrowings. Borrowings on this revolving note payable totaled $60
000
000 at December&#160;31
 2013
 and reached total borrowings of $62
500
000 before pay off. 

 the Company entered into a Fee and Reimbursement Agreement with certain stockholders who were also guarantors of the note. See note 11 for further detail. 







000
000 Credit Facilities 

 2014
 the Company entered into senior secured credit facilities comprising a 5-year $18
000
000 term facility (the &#8220;Term Facility&#8221;)
 a 3-year $10
000
000 revolving facility (the &#8220;Revolving Facility&#8221;) and a $12
000
000 additional term loan commitment earmarked primarily for capital expenditures. Upon closing the $40
000
000 Credit Facilities
 the Company had $18
000
000 of aggregate principal amount outstanding under the Term Facility. 

 2014
 the Company repaid the outstanding $18
000
000 million and modified the terms of the $40
000
000 Credit Facilities. The $18
000
000 term facility was extinguished
 the 3-year $10
000
000&#160;Revolving Facility remained unchanged
 and the $12
000
000 term loan commitment earmarked for capital expenditures was increased to $30
000
000. 

 the commitments for the Revolving Facility may be increased up to $10
000
000 subject to certain conditions. 

 either at a base rate or at LIBOR
 in each case
 plus an applicable margin. The initial applicable margin will be 3.75% for base rate loans and 4.75% for LIBOR loans. Thereafter
 subject to the Company&#8217;s leverage ratio
 the applicable base rate margin will vary from 2.75% and 3.75% and the applicable LIBOR rate margin will vary from 3.75% and 4.75%. The loan agreement provides for the maintenance of certain financial covenants. The Company was in compliance with these requirements as of December&#160;31
 2014. 







000
000 Convertible Notes 


 2014
 the Company issued $2
000
000 in aggregate principal amount of convertible notes to certain of its stockholders
 which were repaid upon the consummation of the IPO. The convertible notes were issued at 98% of par and were convertible into Series C Preferred Stock at a price of $5.25 per share
 at the option of the holder
 at any time after December 31
 2014.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company did not accrue interest as the convertible notes started to accrue interest on December 7
 2014
 which was after the November 13
 2014 repaid.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


 2014
 the Company redeemed all the outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock (&#8220;Series B&#8221;)
 including cumulative dividends
 for a cash payment of $34
998
957. Additionally
 immediately prior to the closing of the IPO
 the Company converted the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock (&#8220;Series C&#8221;) to 11
067
090 shares of common stock. Based on the Series C anti-dilutive clause
 the conversion from Series C to common stock was to be equivalent to the 1-to-0.7396 common stock share split that occurred during 2014 in connection with the IPO.&nbsp;&nbsp;The converted Series C included 2
477
756 Series C related to the Fees on Debt Guarantee
 which were converted to 1
832
531 shares of common stock. See note 11 for further detail. 


 on a quarterly basis. The dividend accrued during the years ended 2014
 2013
 and 2012 was $4
271
550
 $4
215
230
 and $3
638
052
 respectively. The total cumulative dividends that were paid on November&#160;13
 2014 upon redemption of the Series B was $23
840
008. 

 subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock dividend
 stock split
 combination or other similar recapitalization with respect to Series C. Accrued dividends were to be payable only when
 and if declared by the Board of Directors. In addition
 holders of Series C were entitled to share ratably in any cash dividends declared and paid on the common stock in an amount per share equal to the amount of the dividend proposed to be paid on a share of common stock multiplied by the number of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Series C. Once the Series C shares were converted to common stock
 the accrued dividends that had not been declared by the Board of Directors were relinquished. Upon conversion none of the accrued dividends had been declared by the Board of Directors. The dividend accrued during the year ended 2013 and 2012 was $4
380
274 and $4
315
396
 respectively. Immediately prior to the conversion of Series C to Common Stock
 the Series C shares were fair valued utilizing the share price at the date of conversion. The difference between fair value and book value of $82
654
683 was recorded to net loss attributable to common stockholders. The difference between fair value and book value was net of $64
341
539 of cash proceeds received
 net off issuance costs
 and $19
687
856 of dividend accretion through the settlement date
 of which $7
014
643 was recorded in 2014.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;















 2014 (date of conversion)&#160;




683
790






 net of issuance costs (1)&#160;&#160;




341
539






 2013




672
925










014
643










654
683











 net of issuance costs
 by the company from Series C investors throughout the life of the security.





        
          

        
          
            

 amounts
 nature of changes
 rights and privileges
 dividends
 and other matters related to preferred stock.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      


 2014

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Concentration risk
 percentage
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Concentration risk
 percentage
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Concentration risk
 percentage
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Concentration risk
 percentage
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Concentration risk
 percentage
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Cash
 FDIC insured amount
 250
000
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      







          

        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
$ 40
000
000
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
62
500
000
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
8
900
444
6
146
245
4
882
534


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
5
545
835
4
658
118
3
059
658


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
175
399
678
371
707
686


Employee
 Board Member
 Subsidiary or Affiliates
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 expressed as a percentage of the line of credit facility
 for the line of credit facility regardless of whether the facility has been used.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        












































339
017








687
155








656
498












286
193








595
504








953
448












654
683




























279
893








282
659








609
946







        
        

 as their effect is antidilutive
 are as follows: 





















































713
455








598
805












220
739








092
604








094
618












117








117








117












281
856








867
176








754
540









        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 by antidilutive securities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
$ 404
438
$ 481
269
$ 326
523




        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


754 in 2014
 $196
054 in 2013
 and $180
098 in 2012. 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        








































321
458








431
422












158
967








424












905
219








459
707












385
644








696
553












493








328












314
151








512
225









        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
              
 -Subparagraph a
b
c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          







$27
000
000 Revolving Note Payable
        


        
        


Debt instrument
 face amount
$ 27
000
000


$62
500
000 Revolving Note Payable
        


        
        


Debt instrument
 face amount
62
500
000


$1
500
000 10% Note
        


        
        


Debt instrument
 face amount
1
500
000


        
        


$40
000
000 Credit Facilities | Revolving Credit Facility
        


        
        


Debt instrument
 face amount
40
000
000


$2
000
000 Convertible Shareholder Note
        


        
        


Debt instrument
 face amount
$ 2
000
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 under the debt agreement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
$ 41
753
$ 31
525
$ 32
776


        
$ 41
753
$ 31
525
$ 32
776




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          


          


          


          


          




          


          




          




          


          


          



BALANCES at Dec. 31
 2011
$ (76
369
731)
        
        
$ 10
413
        
$ 30
818
666
        
        
$ (107
174
981)
$ (23
829)


Shares
 Outstanding at Dec. 31
 2011
        
        
        
10
413
467
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
27
365
        
        
        
        
27
365
        
        
        
        


Issuance of 4
438 common stock options employees to as compensation for service
6
156
        
        
        
        
6
156
        
        
        
        


        
1
118
705
        
        
        
        
1
118
705
        
        
        
        


        
        
(3
638
052)
(4
315
396)
        
        
        
(3
638
052)
(4
315
396)
        
        


        
23
829
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
23
829


        
(18
656
498)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(18
656
498)
        


Shares issued to consultant for services
 shares
4
932
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


BALANCES at Dec. 31
 2012
(101
803
622)
        
        
10
413
        
24
017
444
        
        
(125
831
479)
        


Shares
 Outstanding at Dec. 31
 2012
        
        
        
10
413
467
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
978
352
        
        
        
        
978
352
        
        
        
        


        
        
(4
215
230)
(4
380
274)
        
        
        
(4
215
230)
(4
380
274)
        
        


        
(21
687
155)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(21
687
155)
        


Issuance of 7
952 shares of common stock for cash
49
891
        
        
        
        
49
883
        
        
        
        


Issuance of 7
952 shares of common stock for cash
 shares
        
        
        
7
952
        
        
        
        
        
        


BALANCES at Dec. 31
 2013
(131
058
038)
        
        
10
421
        
16
450
175
        
        
(147
518
634)
        


Shares
 Outstanding at Dec. 31
 2013
        
        
        
10
421
419
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
9
991
        
        
        
        
9
990
        
        
        
        


        
1
553
985
        
        
        
        
1
553
985
        
        
        
        


        
        
(4
271
550)
(7
014
643)
        
        
        
(4
271
550)
(7
014
643)
        
        


        
164
405
679
        
        
11
979
        
164
393
700
        
        
        
        


Shares issued upon consummation of IPO
 shares
        
        
        
11
979
167
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
(37
339
017)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(37
339
017)
        


Shares issued to consultant for services
 shares
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
(82
654
683)
        
        
        
        
(82
654
683)
        
        


        
        
        
199
760
975
        
11
067
        
        
199
749
908
        
        


Conversion of Preferred Series C into common stock upon consummation of IPO
 shares
        
        
        
        
11
067
090
        
        
        
        
        


BALANCES at Dec. 31
 2014
$ 103
392
699
        
        
$ 33
468
        
$ 288
216
882
        
        
$ (184
857
651)
        


Shares
 Outstanding at Dec. 31
 2014
        
        
        
33
468
342
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 that is
 the amount recognized as expense in the income statement (or as asset if compensation is capitalized). Alternate captions include the words stock-based compensation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
              
 -Subparagraph (b
c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of stock value of such awards forfeited. Stock issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        









































321
458








431
422












158
967








424












905
219








459
707












385
644








696
553












493








328












314
151








512
225









        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the major classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory. If inventory is stated above cost
 accrued net losses on firm purchase commitments for inventory and losses resulting from valuing inventory at the lower-of-cost-or-market may also be included. For LIFO inventory
 may disclose the amount and basis for determining the excess of replacement or current cost over stated LIFO value and the effects of a LIFO quantities liquidation that impacts net income.
              
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Share
 Granted
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Number of Options
 Nonvested Beginning Balance
189
234
        
        


Shares
 Granted
255
585
        
        


Shares
 Modified from Performance Based Options to Service Period Stock Options
680
753
        
        


Number of Options
 Vested
(171
059)
        
        


Number of Options
 Forfeited
        
        
        


Number of Options
 Nonvested Ending Balance
953
772
        
        


Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Share
 Nonvested Beginning Balance
        
        
        


Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Share
 Granted
        
        
        


Weighted Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Shares
 Modified from Performance Based Options to Service Period Stock Options
        
        
        


Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Share
 Vested
        
        
        


Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Share
 Forfeited
        
        
        


Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Share
 Nonvested Ending Balance
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Number of Options
 Nonvested Beginning Balance
680
753
        
        


Shares
 Granted
255
585
11
094
        


Shares
 Modified from Exit Event Options to Performance Based Options
657
693
        
        


Shares
 Modified from Performance Based Options to Service Period Stock Options
680
753
        
        


Number of Options
 Nonvested Ending Balance
913
278
680
753
        


Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Share
 Nonvested Beginning Balance
        
        
        


Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Share
 Granted
        
        
        


Weighted Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Share
 Modified from Exit Event Options to Performance Based Options
        
        
        


Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Share
 Nonvested Ending Balance
        
        
        


Weighted Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Share
 Modified from Performance Based Options to Service Period Stock Options
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Number of Options
 Nonvested Beginning Balance
876
924
        
        


Shares
 Granted
        
5
177
        


Shares
 Modified from Exit Event Options to Performance Based Options
(657
693)
        
        


Number of Options
 Nonvested Ending Balance
        
876
924
        


Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Share
 Nonvested Beginning Balance
        
        
        


Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Share
 Cancelled
        
        
        


Weighted Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Share
 Modified from Exit Event Options to Performance Based Options
        
        
        


Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Per Share
 Nonvested Ending Balance
        
        
        


Number of Options
 Cancelled
(219
231)
        
        


Number of Options
 Modified from Exit Event Options to Performance Based Options
(657
693)
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Property
 Plant and Equipment (Tables)

        

      






        
        


Summary of Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net
        

 plant and equipment
 net are summarized as follows: 





































789
991








649
423












677
778








767
207












985
917








892
291












826
249








727
248












962








474
741












941
754








274












885








930












164
536








968
114












338
575








204
082












825
961








764
032









        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Plant and Equipment - Summary of Property
 Plant and Equipment

      
      

 Plant and Equipment - Summary of Property
 Plant and Equipment



      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
























    




    
    

Dec. 31


Sep. 30


Jun. 30


Mar. 31


Dec. 31


Sep. 30


Jun. 30


Mar. 31


Dec. 31


Sep. 30


Jun. 30


Mar. 31

    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  













    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
        
        


        
$ 2
321
458
$ 1
431
422


        
1
158
967
805
424


        
3
905
219
3
459
707


        
7
385
644
5
696
553


        
(71
493)
(184
328)


        
$ 7
314
151
$ 5
512
225




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



 due to the fact that potentially dilutive securities would have an antidilutive effect as the Company incurred a net loss for the year ended December&#160;31
 2014 and 2013. 












































339
017








687
155








656
498












286
193








595
504








953
448












654
683




























279
893








282
659








609
946







 as their effect is antidilutive
 are as follows: 





















































713
455








598
805












220
739








092
604








094
618












117








117








117












281
856








867
176








754
540









        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    













